group chairmans statement 2005 was a year of sustained progress for hsbc and our all-round performance during the last three years has brought impressive returns to our shareholders.
our results reflect our success in growing revenues and improving productivity, in line with our managing for growthstrategic plan. we grew profit attributable to shareholders by 17 per cent to us$15.1 billion in 2005. this represents us$1.36 per share, an increase of 15 per cent. our earnings remained well diversified both geographically and by customer group. although we continued to invest in the future of our business, particularly in the growth of our personal financial services in asia, we improved productivity as the level of expenditure on the development of our investment banking business passed its peak. we also achieved good growth and further efficiencies in our core uk personal and commercial banking businesses. worldwide, we grew our commercial banking business strongly on the back of recent investments.
the board has declared a fourth interim dividend of us$0.31 per share, taking the total dividend in respect of 2005 to us$0.73 per share, an increase of 10.6 per cent over the dividends for 2004.the dividend is payable on 11 may 2006 to shareholders on the register on 24 march 2006, with a scrip dividend available to shareholders who prefer this option.
over the past 15 years, dividends paid to shareholders have grown strongly, reflecting our aim of increasing them in line with the groups underlying performance. since 1990, hsbcs dividend has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 17.3 per cent. over the same period, the total return to shareholders has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 28.5 per cent. to put this in simpler terms, 100 invested in hsbc 15 years ago, with dividends reinvested, would have been worth 4,281 at the end of 2005.
hsbc is managed for the long-term. in planning our strategy, we take full account of the trends that we expect will shape our industry over the next 25 years.
these trends form the illustrative theme of this annual review. i have described in previous statements to shareholders how we foresee a rebalancing of the global economy, with a greater share of world gdp being contributed by asia, by an american-led nafta and by south america.
demographic change will also exert a profound influence as will the power of technology and, particularly, the internet.
hsbcs roots lie in asia and we owe much of our success to the success of our customers there, including those in our original home market of hong kong. although a number of asian economies began to achieve high growth rates from the 1970s onwards, the regulatory environment in most countries limited the extent to which we could build on our long-established presence in them. in particular, our ability to provide personal financial services was constrained. accordingly, in the 1980s and 1990s, hsbc built on its history of internationalism and invested some of the profits it earned in asia in the more mature markets of europe and north america. including the transforming acquisition of midland bank in the uk in 1992, this changed the balance of our business. as a result, hsbc became a uniquely diversified financial services company which spanned both mature and emerging markets and which now earns no more than 25 per cent of its profits in any one country.
...we foresee a rebalancing of the global economy, with a greater share of world gdp being contributed by asia, by an american-led nafta and by

the high economic growth rates in much of asia and in other parts of the world have continued but, in recent years, have been accompanied by progressive deregulation of financial markets as a number of countries have sought to encourage greater participation in their economies by the international 
it is entirely appropriate that nations should deregulate at a pace with which they feel comfortable.
however, should they choose to do so, hsbc will respond positively, seeking to contribute to economic development while ensuring a reasonable return to its shareholders. our highly successful investment in mexico is a case in point. so too is the growth of our business in china, where so far we have invested a total of more than us$5 billion, including us$1.5 billion in 2005.
the profits earned in the mature markets have also permitted our expansion in india, vietnam and turkey, the re-establishment of a presence in kuwait and iraq, and our move into new markets such as slovakia and paraguay.
such initiatives are integral to our strategy of managing for growth, which stephen green describes in more detail on pages 9 to 19.
reputation and brand
one of the most exciting developments in recent years has been the creation of the hsbc brand name and its increasing visibility around the world. it takes many years to build a brand but, according to the consultancy interbrand, hsbc had the 29th most valuable brand in the world by 2005, four places higher than in 2004. in france, after five successful years as part of the hsbc family, ccf and four of its subsidiaries adopted the hsbc brand in 2005.
although brand recognition is vitally important in a crowded market-place and, in an age dominated increasingly by the internet, substance will always be more important than style. a brand is more than a name. it is in essence a company as experienced by its customers. hsbc aspires to be the worlds leading financial services company. that means our name must be synonymous with integrity, trust and excellent customer service everywhere we operate.
for an organisation which provides a safe haven for the hard-earned savings of millions of people, reputation is all. we were pleased to receive a number of awards during 2005 that recognise our standing in our industry and in the wider community. these included being named global bank of the year by the banker magazine for an unprecedented fourth year in a row.
client preferences and the rise of technology technology is transforming our relationships with our customers. of the 20 billion customer transactions we perform in the course of a year, only 5 per cent are customer-facing. in some sectors in certain markets, over 90 per cent of all transactions are now carried out by automated requests, direct access by corporate clients, direct payments, the internet, atms and cell phones. internet-based transactions grew by 36 per cent in the past year, which demonstrates the shift from branch-based activity to an increased usage of our electronic network. technology enables us to provide our customers with a wider range of services, and it gives them greater independence and convenience in managing their financial affairs. as we look forward, we see this trend accelerating.
the growing influence of technology has important consequences for banks and other financial services providers, not least in terms of the physical networks they require. although the demand for face-to-face contact in conducting more complex transactions will remain, the growing proportion of business which can be conducted remotely means that the nature of our physical presence in many markets is likely to change over time. the resulting period of adjustment will require sensitive management and we are mindful of our obligations to the communities we serve and of the need to balance the requirements of shareholders, customers and colleagues.
corporate social responsibility
hsbcs first responsibility is to be successful. we estimate that more than 15 million people in the uk alone have an interest in hsbc shares, either directly or through pension schemes or savings plans. success enables us to pay the dividends that are so important to their financial well-being. it allows us to invest in new products and services for our 125 million customers. success enables us to invest in training and development and to pay taxes to governments. it creates jobs for colleagues and suppliers. far from being at odds with social responsibility, success and the profits by which success is measured go hand in 
at the same time, a company cannot enjoy long- term success unless it conducts itself according to a set of values and in a manner that earns the trust and respect of the wider community. in practice, the public has different and sometimes conflicting expectations of business. balancing a companys various obligations is an important part of management. we are grateful to the corporate social responsibility (csr) committee of the board for the wisdom and expertise it brings to a range of increasingly complex social, ethical and environmental issues, and for helping us to shape policies and practices appropriate to the modern world.
during the year, we have made further progress across a range of csr activities. for example, having made a commitment to become carbon neutral from january 2006, we were the worlds first major bank to achieve this objective three months ahead of schedule. we introduced new guidelines for lending to the freshwater infrastructure and chemicals industry sectors. furthermore, we built on our long tradition of sharing our success with communities around the world, principally by supporting educational and environmental initiatives. pages 20 to 22 provide further details of our csr activities and, for the specialist reader, we will publish a separate csr report in april.

at any time of the day or night, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year, hsbc colleagues are serving our customers somewhere in the world and, by so doing, serving our shareholders. the people who work for hsbc are an essential part of our success and i thank them warmly for their immense contribution 
forty years ago, the hsbc group employed about 8,000 people, mostly in asia. today, it employs 284,000 in 76 countries and territories. clearly, the experience of working for hsbc today is very different to that of the 1960s. nevertheless, it is gratifying to note that the sense of teamwork and common purpose, and commitment to shared values, remain. we have no more important task than harnessing the diverse talents of our people.

hsbc is fortunate in having one of the strongest and most distinguished boards of any company in the world. i have described the structure and role of the board in some detail in previous annual reviews and spoken about them at past annual general meetings.
this year, therefore, i shall simply record my sincere thanks to the directors who, individually and collectively, make such a major contribution to 
boards, like the companies they lead, are not static, and since the last annual review was published, we have announced a number of changes to the hsbc board. simon robertson was appointed an independent non-executive director with effect from 3 january 2006. simon is non-executive chairman of rolls-royce group plc, the former chairman of dresdner kleinwort benson and a former managing director of goldman sachs 
sir john kemp-welch, an independent non- executive director since 2000, will retire at the 2006 annual general meeting. i take this opportunity to thank sir john for the great knowledge and wisdom he has brought to the business of the board.
alan jebson, an executive director since 2000, will also retire at the 2006 agm after 28 years distinguished service with hsbc. alan has played a leading role in the development of the groups information technology including, in more recent times, the key strategic initiative of global resourcing.
i, too, will retire at this years agm and will be succeeded as group chairman by stephen green.
stephen will be succeeded as group chief executive by michael geoghegan. the selection process which resulted in the board making these appointments is described in the letter which sir brian moffatt, chairman of the nomination committee and senior independent non-executive director, sent to all shareholders on 28 november 2005.
it has been my privilege to serve hsbc for 45 years and as its chairman since 1998. management continuity is a hallmark of your company and the transition in may will be no different. stephen and michael were both part of the team which formulated our managing for growth strategy and they will see it through to completion. i could not be leaving the group in more capable hands. i have no doubt at all that they, the rest of our talented management team, and colleagues throughout hsbc, will continue to work tirelessly in the long- term interests of shareholders.
prospects for 2006 building on our achievements, our priority for the rest of this year is to continue to implement our managing for growth strategy. we will achieve this by being distinctive, reinforcing our brand values of trust and integrity in all our dealings with customers.
we will make ourselves even more relevant by broadening the product, channel and geographical coverage we offer.furthermore,we will ensure that the scale and complexity needed to compete successfully will be seamless from the perspective of our customers and manageable from that of our colleagues.
the us economy, and its consumers who account for much of world economic growth, are proving resilient. our businesses in asia, turkey, mexico, brazil and the middle east see strong opportunities for growth on the back of investments already made.
we also see opportunities to strengthen our position in our franchises in the uk, hong kong, north america and france. we believe there is growing momentum from the development of our new business streams within corporate, investment banking and markets businesses. overall, hsbc is well positioned for further growth.
sir john bond, group chairman
