statement from the chairman last year we began with a note of caution about the uncertain economic outlook in hong kong. not helped by the fiscal cliff concerns in the u.s. and the continued eurozone weakness albeit some stabilization of its debt crisis, hong kong concluded 2012 with only 
despite the challenging environment, core businesses of pccw last year held up well to post solid and healthy operational results, contributing to an overall satisfactory financial performance for the group for 2012.
now tv continued to record higher customer number and arpu. following our exclusive uefa euro 2012 broadcast, we are bringing back the barclays premier league from the 201314 season. we took a disciplined approach in bidding for the exclusive hong kong broadcast rights for tv and other screens such as mobile devices, and are confident that this would further enhance customer growth, arpu and 
as our self-produced and co-produced programs gain market recognition, we have made some inroads in our international expansion plan, with distribution agreements already signed with several overseas tv operators and ongoing discussions with others.
pccw solutions continued to benefit from the growing adoption of cloud applications in the public and private sectors. it enhanced its service portfolio and substantially raised its data center capability to meet customer demand. coupled with its leading edge in mission-critical it systems including core enterprise systems, pccw solutions recorded a double-digit yearon-year growth in the value of contracts secured.
in november, pccw solutions acquired a banking and finance solutions vendor in mainland china, which has greatly increased its ability to address the dynamic needs of customers in this segment.
hkt, which saw a significant increase in the value of its share stapled units last year, delivered a set of results that once again exceeded the listing forecasts. this reflects hkts successful execution of its strategies, in particular its efforts to grow the fiber broadband business and to capture more higher-end customers, as well as its initiatives to build the mobile business.
to reinforce recognition of our brand, hkt last year began to rejuvenate its retail outlets and has since opened a pccw-hkt flagship shop in kowloon and a signature store in central. the shops are ideal for showcasing our expanding array of businesses including the new home automation solutions service.
on property, pacific century premium developments last residential units in bel-air were sold out during the year. the project has come to a successful ending, marking a new development phase of the company.
in addition to focusing on our overseas projects in phang-nga, thailand and hokkaido, japan, we strive to identify premium property and related projects with development potential, as well as other investment opportunities, in hong kong, mainland china, southeast asia and other cities around the world.
early into 2013, the pace of economic growth in hong kong continues to be hesitant, while overseas sentiments have not significantly improved. our strategy is to continue to capitalize on the excellent fundamentals of our core businesses and the momentum gained in the past year, while cautiously reviewing 
during the year, the board appointed ms. frances waikwun wong, mr. bryce wayne lee,
and mr. lars eric nils rodert as independent non-executive directors. i am confident that all members of the board and the pccw team will continue to work hard towards the objective of maximizing the value of pccw for shareholders.

february 27, 2013 