statement from the chairman i am pleased to report that in 2010 all our core businesses made progress despite intense market competition and still cautious spending by general consumers and the commercial sector.
last year, the hong kong economy continued to recover from the 200809 global financial crisis. for the whole of 2010, hong kongs gross domestic product recorded a notable increase of 6.8% in real terms over the previous year. sustained economic growth and job creation also brought down local unemployment to stabilize at 
market activities were generally revived under these circumstances, and the group has been able to take advantage of the recovery because of its leading position in the telecommunications sector in hong kong and its reputation as a reliable partner in the global 
total revenues of the group for the year ended december 31, 2010 amounted to hk$22,962 million, with profit attributable to equity holders of the company rising 28% year-on-year to hk$1,926 million. profit contribution from the core businesses increased 18% to 
we have put priority on improving our capability to serve customers better. our initiatives in the past year aimed at ensuring that customers enjoy a wider range of quadruple-play content and services through our superfast fixed and mobile broadband networks, and that they enjoy an excellent customer experience when dealing 
these efforts have paid off. the operational results of our business units show that pccw remains the provider of choice across various types of services even in the face of price competition, which was most intense in the broadband and mobile markets. now tv also continued to grow its customer base (expanding by 4% from one million to 1,039,000 at the end of the year) and improve its ebitda contribution, further proving the soundness of our content strategy and the decision not to pay excessively for the rights to the barclays premier league.
we have sensibly deployed resources in sports property acquisitions and self-produced programs, including the atm quiz on now 101 channel which has showcased the interactivity features of our broadband platform.
as a developer of premium properties, pacific century premium developments has benefited from the markets positive mood. it geared up its sales activities for the remaining houses in villa bel-air in the second half of 2010, and they received a favorable response from 
in august 2010, the companys capital structure and institutional shareholder base were strengthened. we raised us$500 million through a bond issue. later, we placed 500 million new pccw shares with institutional investors and raised about us$166 million. we are pleased to note that pccw shares almost doubled their price on the hong kong stock exchange in 2010, reflecting investors confidence in the company.
the company owes these encouraging results to the hard work and ingenuity of its employees. working with management and the staff, the board looks forward to another strong year in 2011, barring any negative developments in the global and hong kong economies.

march 22, 2011 