statement from the chairman pccw continued to operate soundly in 2009, although the macro economic situation and the local market environment had impacted on the groups business.
the profound effects of the financial meltdown in 2008 lingered on in most parts of the world last year. business activities in hong kong were adversely affected by the recession in varying degrees and the impact had also quickly cascaded to the consumer level.
it is noticeable that an upswing in equity and property prices which began around the middle of last year has fuelled expectations of a speedier recovery. we are pleased with these signs and the optimism in some sectors. however, more efforts on an international level will be required for a sustainable global recovery benefiting hong kong. many companies and consumers have remained cautious about the economic outlook.
under the circumstances, the groups results for 2009 were satisfactory. total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2009 amounted to hk$25,077 million and profit attributable to equity holders of the company 
overall, the groups various businesses recorded creditable performances given the prevailing poor economic conditions. we continued to introduce innovative products and quality services to help business customers improve their efficiency and to serve the communication and infotainment needs of general 
now tv has both developed and acquired more exciting content including the top spanish soccer league. other units also reported notable wins and achievements in hong kong, mainland china, and 
i am grateful to the staff for their hard work. i thank my fellow directors, including mr. edmund tse who joined us last september as an independent non-executive director, for their counsel and long-standing support.
i am confident that pccw, as hong kongs premier telecom operator and a formidable player, will prevail in the face of economic adversity, market competition, and changing regulatory environment. the board looks forward to a better return to shareholders as market conditions improve our business prospects.

march 9, 2010 