statement from the chairman i am pleased to report a steady performance for pccw limited for the year ended december 31, 2016.
continuing to lead the local pay-tv market, pccw media has significantly enlarged its asian footprint in the past year. in hong kong, now tvs strategy to continuously enhance its content and multi-platform experience enabled it to increase customer loyalty despite keen market competition.
on ott video entertainment, following the hong kong debut in 2015, viu premium service was launched in singapore, malaysia, india, indonesia, and the philippines last year. our ott video service is available in 18 markets globally with over 10 million subscribers.
free tv service viutv officially commenced broadcasting in april 2016 with the cantonese channel, which has been gradually building its viewership base. the english service, viutvsix, will air on march 31, 2017. pccw undertakes to give hong kong viewers more quality free 
our it solutions business consistently enjoys the leading position in the hong kong market. last year, pccw solutions expanded its sales presence and delivery capability in the region to generate further growth. its industry-specific solutions, digital and cloud services, and partnership offerings such as the d-infinitum global data center service launched last year are also key growth drivers in the increasingly digital and connected world, culminating in a notable year-on-year increase in secured orders at the end of 2016. we will continue to focus on enabling enterprises in their digital transformation journey and will seek to further expand our footprint in china and southeast asia.
hkts broadband and mobile communications businesses continued to perform steadily despite the slowdown in economic conditions in hong kong and intensified market competition. we have further expanded our fiber network, and completed the integration of the core mobile network in the third quarter, releasing synergies according to plan.
tap & go received hong kongs first mobile payment facility license last august, while hkt rolled out a citywide electric vehicle (ev) charging service in the same 
the overseas property projects of pacific century premium developments (pcpd) progressed as scheduled. in particular, pacific century place jakarta, the 40-storey premium grade a office building in indonesia, was topped out in july. leasing activities are in full swing, with several renowned multinational corporations having committed to occupying office space in this new landmark. pcpd will continue to identify new opportunities around the world.
last year, many were taken by surprise by the brexit decision and the changing political environment in the united states. these results could have far reaching implications on a global scale politically and economically, and have created additional uncertainties to the economic recovery and growth globally.
meanwhile, there was some stabilization of the local economy in the second half but it remains to be seen whether the growth pace can accelerate further.
in 2017, we will continue to build on the market leadership of the groups core businesses of pay-tv, it solutions and telecommunications in hong kong.
new innovative services such as mobile payment and ev charging are gaining traction. although our ott business and free tv service are currently in their investment phase, we are confident that viu, which has established itself as a leading asian premium content platform, and viutv will add value for shareholders in the medium to longer term.
we remain cautiously optimistic as we enter 2017. we shall continually monitor the market dynamics and fine tune our product and service offerings to drive growth.richard li 
january 16, 2017 