statement from the chairman i am pleased to report a set of strong financial results for pccw limited for the year ended december 31, 2013, reflecting robust performance across the groups 
the media business continued to implement its strategies with success in 2013 enriching now tvs programming lineup, giving customers a unique viewing experience, and expansion beyond hong kong. notably the exclusive broadcast of the barclays premier league (bpl) that commenced in august 2013 contributed to the continued increases in now tvs overall subscription base and arpu (average revenue per user). we also made further progress in expanding to other markets, distributing premium now tv branded programming and music service to the u.s., singapore, and guangdong in china.
last october, a pccw group subsidiary, hk television entertainment company limited, received the chief executive-in-councils approval-in-principle of its application for a domestic free television programme service license. pccw has strong financial resources and expertise to run a successful and sustainable free tv service in hong kong, backed by over 10 years of solid media experience. we are now discussing with the government on the final license terms.
in hong kong, pccw solutions continued to benefit from its leading market position. wider adoption of it applications and cloud computing has driven the need for data center services, where pccw solutions enjoys a unique market position given its ability to provide the full spectrum of it services. a new world-class data center in kwai chung is scheduled for opening in phases from the first quarter of 2014.
pccw solutions last year also successfully established a stronger foothold in the mainland market following strategic acquisitions to complement its organic growth and drive profitability including the acquisition last may of compass solutions holdings, a sap enterprise resource planning (erp) solutions expert which complements our core competencies in oracle erp.
hkt reported robust operational and financial performance for 2013, with further increases in revenue and adjusted funds flow. its fiber broadband business continued to expand, while the mobile segment represented another growth engine.
in december, hkt reached an agreement to re-acquire csl (now known as csl new world mobility limited).
subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, the transaction is in line with hkts objectives of investing in businesses which provide stable and regular distributions as well as long-term distribution growth.
customers will also benefit from enhanced 
for pacific century premium developments, the past year has been a pivotal one. following the completion of its residential sales activity in hong kong, pcpd is looking forward to strengthening its presence in other parts of asia, particularly in economies that are experiencing high growth. it completed the acquisition of a site in a prime location in jakarta, indonesia, during the year. initial planning work on this project is in full swing, and pcpd expects a world-class office building to be completed and operational by 2017. meanwhile, pcpds existing projects in hokkaido, japan, and phang-nga, thailand, are proceeding in accordance with their respective schedules.
given our solid fundamentals and stable telecom earnings, we are optimistic about the performance of the group in the current year barring any unforeseen circumstances. we are mindful of the need to constantly keep in view global economic trend and developments.
volatility of the local financial market at the beginning of this year was a reminder that the hong kong economy is highly susceptible to external factors.
finally, i welcome mr. david christopher chance who joined pccw as an independent non-executive director of pccw and independent non-executive chairman of
pccw media limited last november.

february 27, 2014 