group chairman s statement hsbc has the people, the financial strength and the right strategic focus and values to do well for those who place their trust in us& douglas flint group chairman throughout its history hsbc has sought to facilitate economic growth, as it is through such growth that businesses flourish and individuals fulfil the aspirations they have for themselves and those close to them. the cover of this year s annual review illustrates a core element of hsbc s strategic direction that is connecting markets by providing the financing and risk management products that facilitate trade and investment flows. in so doing, we help our customers to achieve their growth ambitions and generate economic returns for savers and investors.
the picture also illustrates the shift in emphasis towards the faster-growing markets that underpins hsbc s investment priorities. the port is santos in brazil, which is the largest container port in south america; the ship is from china, delivering heavy machinery. the brazil-china trade corridor has been one of the fastest growing over the last decade with a compound annual rate of growth of around 30 per cent.
china is now brazil s largest trade partner representing 18 per cent of its total trade flows, versus 4 per cent in 2000.
hsbc entered brazil in 1997 and since then has built its operations to generate pre-tax profits of us$1.2 billion in 2011, an increase of 19 per cent over the prior year. we estimate that we finance over 6 per cent of brazil s total trade and some 9 per cent of its trade with china. in 2011 we were recognised as financial institution of the year by the brazil- china chamber of commerce for having contributed most to the growth and development of the brazil-china trade corridor.
the purpose of the above introduction is to highlight the fact that, notwithstanding the major uncertainties and risks concentrating minds in the advanced economies of europe and the us, there are still attractive growth opportunities to pursue where our international network and strong balance sheet provide distinctive advantages.
performance in 2011 in 2011 in our heartland of asia, throughout the middle east and in latin america, we made good progress in developing customer business in line with the risk appetite endorsed by the board. largely driven by growth in lending in these faster-growing regions, our commercial banking business delivered a record performance. in europe and the us we concentrated on supporting our core customer base, targeting trade services while constraining risk appetite within the financial sector. we also made significant further progress in working down our exit businesses in the us. the group chief executive s review expands upon the execution of our strategy during 2011.
the strong progress made on strategy execution was all the more marked when contrasted with the fragile confidence that pervaded the advanced economies of the world.
continuing uncertainties arising from the eurozone debt crisis contributed to credit demand remaining muted in europe, while us recovery lagged expectations held earlier in the year.
as investors crowded into the safest asset classes, market activity levels dropped markedly and prices of securities outside the favoured asset classes weakened. these factors markedly reduced trading revenues in the second half of against the backdrop of the economic and financial market conditions described above, the board considered the group s performance in 2011 to be satisfactory in aggregate and strong in the faster-growing markets. earnings per share rose by 26 per cent to us$0.92 and the board approved a fourth interim dividend of us$0.14 per ordinary share, taking total dividends in respect of 2011 to us$0.41 per share, an increase of us$0.05 per share or 14 per cent. the board confirmed its intention to continue to pay quarterly dividends during 2012 at the rate of us$0.09 per ordinary share in respect of each of the first three quarters, in line with 2011.
notably, the capital strengthening required by regulatory reform is being successfully delivered while maintaining the strongest dividend paying record of any bank outside total dividends declared during 2011 amounted to us$7.3 billion and in the last four years, that is since the financial crisis started, they have amounted to us$27.2 billion, making hsbc the second largest dividend payer in the ftse 100 during this period.
addressing a matter of public interest, the cost to shareholders of performance-related rewards made within our global banking and markets business in 2011 and during the past four years amounted to some us$1 billion and us$4.7 billion, respectively. pre-tax profit from global banking and markets was, in aggregate, us$30 billion in the same four years, and represented the largest contribution, at 52 per cent, of group pre-tax profits during that period.
at the end of 2011, total shareholders equity stood at us$159 billion, up 24 per cent from its pre-crisis level of us$128 billion at the end of 2007. over the same period, our balance sheet grew by only 9 per cent. the core tier 1 ratio at the end of 2011 stood at 10.1 per cent, in line with our as foreshadowed in last year s statement, the uk government proceeded with its plan to raise 2.5 billion through a levy on the global balance sheets of uk domiciled banks. the cost to hsbc was us$570 million of which us$340 million related to non-uk banking activity. the levy, which is not tax deductible, is the equivalent of us$0.03 per ordinary share and, as indicated last year, would otherwise be available for distribution to shareholders.
progress on regulatory reform a number of important milestones were passed during 2011 on the regulatory reform agenda. in the uk, the independent commission on banking (icb) delivered its report in september and the government published its response in december. in the us, greater clarity on the dodd-frank legislation was delivered through a multitude of notices of proposed new regulation and four us financial regulatory agencies issued proposed uniform regulations that would implement the volcker rule, which aims to constrain major financial institutions from engaging in proprietary trading and most hedge fund and proprietary investment activities.
the basel committee, in conjunction with the financial stability board, set out its proposals to identify and increase capital requirements for global systemically important banks and most major jurisdictions published their proposals around recovery and resolution planning for major institutions.
europe continued to embed the basel iii proposals within a new draft capital requirements directive (crd iv), the european banking authority formally came into existence as the hub of financial regulatory bodies in europe and, in the uk, hm treasury published its proposals for a new approach to financial regulation and the replacement of the financial services authority with a new supervisory structure, directed by the bank of england.
many topics remain subject to further debate including cross-border resolution protocols, the governance and operation of central counterparties, the prospective role of clearing systems and exchanges, the calibration of the proposed new liquidity framework, the definition and operation of proposed proprietary trading restrictions, the possible harmonisation and peer review of the calculation of the risk weights that drive capital requirements, a reassessment of the risk-free treatment of sovereign debt and some 22 follow-on workstreams are ongoing in the wake of the uk government s response to the icb report.
it is clear from the above that the industry will continue to bear a heavy burden of both time commitment and cost as it works with policymakers to finalise the regulatory reforms, including addressing the many inconsistencies within and extraterritorial dimensions of national rule-making. we are committed to all necessary constructive dialogue and support to speed the finalisation of these remaining issues.
our input will stress that it is critical that the reforms deliver a sustainable business model that can attract external economic capital. this is essential for the financial system to be able to contribute as fully as it should to the economic growth agenda which is being mandated by political leaders globally.

we bid farewell at the upcoming agm to two directors who have given huge service to hsbc over many years and who will not stand for re-election.
sir brian williamson has served on the board of hsbc holdings since 2002 and brought great insight and wisdom to the board from a distinguished career in financial services, most notably in the areas of money and bond markets, clearing, exchanges and electronic trading platforms where he was a pioneer in establishing the london international financial futures and options exchange.
gwyn morgan has served on the board of hsbc holdings since 2006 and before that on the board of hsbc canada for some nine years. his vast experience of leading large international companies in the engineering and energy sectors brought a balanced industrialist s perspective to board discussions and debate.
we shall miss them both and thank them sincerely for their contributions over many years.
we are delighted to welcome two new faces to the board.
joachim faber and john lipsky will join the board on joachim faber stepped down from the management board of allianz at the end of 2011 where he served latterly as ceo of allianz global investors, one of the top five investment managers globally. he brings a wealth of experience from the perspective of the investor as well as in-depth knowledge of banking, insurance, finance and capital markets from previous roles in a long and distinguished career.
john lipsky is one of the world s best known and respected economists who most recently served as first deputy managing director at the imf from which he retired in november 2011. over the last five years john has been one of the key links between macroeconomic policymakers and the financial community and brings to the board an exceptional depth of knowledge and understanding of the macroeconomic and geopolitical issues that will shape the future of the global economy.
fuller details of their background and experience are set out in your board: looking after your interests on page 28.
brand and reputation at hsbc we continue to think long term as we build business platforms and relationships that will create options for value creation in generations to come.
tactically there are necessary difficult decisions to take in today s subdued economic environment but these are always weighed against what is right for the long-term health of the business. similarly when things go wrong, as they will from time to time, we judge ourselves, inter alia, against how we respond and how quickly we learn from the experience.
nothing is more important than our reputation.
it was a moment of great pride within the organisation when we were judged to be the most valuable banking brand in the world in the recent brand finance banking 500 2012 report.
this is the fourth time hsbc has headed the list in the last five years. this recognition is a testament to the work of all my colleagues in building value for customers that translates to shareholder value.
at the same time, however, we reflect that in 2011 we continued to deal with legacy regulatory, legal and reputational issues which remind us that our good work can be destroyed by lapses of judgement or control. the settlement of claims around the historical selling of payment protection insurance in the uk, the fine and compensation arising from the now closed nhfa limited business, and ongoing regulatory and legal investigations in the us across a number of areas are all matters from which we need to learn to ensure they do not recur. the programme of values training which the group chief executive is leading for all employees is but one measure to this end. we are truly sorry to all those who were adversely affected by our failings and to our shareholders for the reputational damage incurred.

it is just over a year now since stuart gulliver and i took on our respective roles. during that time, the leadership team around stuart has grown in stature and cohesion and is, i believe, among the best in our industry. that team is supported strongly by talented colleagues whose engagement and commitment to the strategic priorities laid out before them is evident and enthusiastic. on behalf of the board, i want to take this opportunity to thank them for their support and dedication. the uncertain economic and geopolitical backdrop will continue to raise challenges throughout 2012 and beyond.
i am, however, confident that hsbc has the people, the financial strength and the right strategic focus and values to do well for those who place their trust in us, thereby meeting their expectations of us and contributing to the fulfilment of their aspirations and ambitions. that is what we exist to do.

