statement from the chairman i am pleased to report a set of solid financial results for pccw limited for the year ended december 31, 2015.
all of our core operations made significant progress in business development in the groups evolution to become a global digital service provider.
our pay-tv service now tv continues to maintain its market leadership and is strengthening its asian and international programming, delivering more exclusive and express content to address the needs of every member of the family. for better viewing experience, a new 4k ultra high definition integrated box with now tv, ott (over-the-top), dtt (digital terrestrial tv) and other features will be launched shortly.
the media business has also taken efficacious steps to execute its digital entertainment strategy, including the launch of the viu ott video service brand in the last quarter. our ott service is available in more than 30 languages across 12 countries.
on domestic free tv, hk television entertainment company limited (hktve) has unveiled the viutv brand and its refreshing programming. viutv targets to begin broadcasting its cantonese channel via dtt frequency spectrum in april.
pccw solutions continued to maintain a leadership position securing major it contracts in both the public and commercial sectors, driving growth by providing seamless support and exceptional value to customers in targeted industries through its offerings of digital and cloud services in an expanding footprint in greater china and the asia pacific region. in particular, it launched a comprehensive cloud solutions suite, infinitum, in hong kong and the mainland during the 
hkt reported good results on the back of its robust broadband business despite intense competition, as well as the operational synergies released from the mobile business. service innovations during the year included netvigators 10gbps broadband service and secure mobile payment service tap & go.
the property business of the group saw substantial progress in 2015. construction of pacific century premium developments (pcpd) premium grade a office building in jakarta, indonesia has proceeded as planned and citibank has committed to leasing over five floors of the 40-storey building as its headquarters in this important emerging economy.
in 2016, we will stay focused on continuing to provide excellent services and products to our customers and prudently growing our businesses in hong kong and other parts of the world, in the groups pursuit of becoming a key global player in this increasingly digital 
february 26, 2016 