statement from the chairman last year, the global economic environment was impacted by the euro zone debt problems, which have straddled into 2012 and cast uncertainties on the pace of economic recovery and development. nevertheless, backed by the mainland market, the hong kong economy still grew by 5% in real terms last year, with improvement in local employment.
although the world financial markets went through a very challenging period in 2011, the group made the significant achievement of unlocking the value of its assets for shareholders with the spin-off of the telecommunications business. the listing of hkt last november on the hong kong stock exchange attracted many quality investors, including long-term institutions who recognize the stability and strengths of our telecom 
the exercise has enabled hkt to deleverage substantially and strengthened pccw groups financial resources as a whole. visibility of the higher growth businesses of media and it solutions within the group has also been enhanced for their future development.
last year, now tv further strengthened its leadership as a provider of premium news, sports and entertainment content. it continuously expanded its comprehensive suite of programming, including more local content production, and enriched our audiences viewing experience with interactivity and multi-screen access.
in the past months, now tv has also joined hands with leading media companies in mainland china to launch new entertainment channels. looking ahead, the expertise and strong brand position of pccws media business will enable it to explore more exciting opportunities locally and outside of hong kong.
another major growth area, the it solutions business under pccw solutions, continued its notable contribution to the group with new project wins in 2011, including contracts for government departments and the private sector which provide long-term recurrent revenues. pccw solutions is a pioneering provider in the fast-growing cloud computing and data center businesses. its pool of highly sophisticated professionals will ensure that it can always stay at the forefront of the 
in 2011, the telecom business, now separately listed, continued to register strong growth in fiber and other high-speed broadband services and in the mobile segment, the latter because of demand related to smartphones and tablets. as the economic fundamentals in hong kong remained sound, telecom services for enterprises and the public sector also recorded encouraging results.
on property development, design work for the hokkaido resort project of pacific century premium developments proceeded according to schedule. the show house in niseko is nearing completion. as japan is gradually recovering from the earthquake in march last year, the company will continue to monitor the situation and make appropriate adjustments to our strategy for this project where necessary. meanwhile, the master plan for the project in phang-nga, thailand, has also reached an 
in view of the uncertain economic outlook in 2012, pccw will cautiously evaluate any business or investment opportunity and make decisions that are in the overall interest of all our shareholders. with a stable distribution from the listed telecommunications business, in which the group maintains a majority interest, and positive prospects for now media and pccw solutions, we are confident of the further development of the group in the coming year and going 
february 28, 2012 