statement from the chairman i am pleased to report that pccw recorded strong operational and financial performance of its core businesses in the year ended december 31, 2014.
in its bid to become a leading digital news and entertainment service provider, the media business has widened its regional and international footprint of content distribution and has been actively developing its ott (over-the-top) service in hong kong in the past year. locally, now tv also further consolidated its paytv leadership with increases in both the subscription base and arpu (average revenue per user).
pccw solutions continued to win significant it service contracts and opened a major world-class data center during the year. the company differentiates itself in the market by providing a comprehensive service platform to support customer business transformation in the digital world. the launch of a new banking and finance solution during the year marked its foray into offering industryspecific packages with full intellectual property rights.
in this increasingly mobile-centric age, hkts elevation to become the leading mobile service provider in hong kong following its acquisition of csl last may has brought significant benefits to customers. continued integration efforts will realize further synergies and create additional value for shareholders. meanwhile, our local fixed broadband and global connectivity businesses also saw healthy growth last year.
on property, pacific century premium developments existing projects in indonesia, japan and thailand are progressing according to schedule. the company will examine opportunities in asia and around the world to enrich its portfolio in a diverse range of properties including residential, office, commercial, and hotel 
in 2015, the economic environments both in hong kong and elsewhere globally are faced with some uncertainties. however, i am confident that the management team steered by mr. bg srinivas, who joined pccw as group managing director in july, will take the group to a higher level.
finally, the board welcomes mr. zhang junan, who joined the board as a non-executive director in august, succeeding mr. li gang who has made valuable contributions to the group over the past few years.

february 11, 2015 