i am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.

the groups underlying profit attributable to the companys shareholders for the year ended 30 june 2017, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to hk$25,965 million, compared to hk$24,170 million last year. underlying earnings per share were hk$8.97, compared to hk$8.37 last year.
reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the companys shareholders were hk$41,782 million and hk$14.43 respectively, compared to hk$32,666 million and hk$11.31 last year. the reported profit included an increase in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and non-controlling interests of hk$16,851 million, compared to hk$8,870 million 
the directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of hk$3.00 per share for the year ended 30 june 2017. the dividend will be payable on 23 november 2017. together with the interim dividend of hk$1.10 per share, the dividend for the full year will be hk$4.10 per share, an increase of 6.5% from last year.

property sales and rental income

revenue from property sales for the year under review as recorded in the financial statements, including revenue from joint-venture projects, amounted to hk$38,629 million. profit generated from property sales was hk$11,917 million, as compared to hk$11,701 million in the last financial year. the group achieved record contracted sales of about hk$52,400 million for the year in attributable terms.

gross rental income, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose 4% year-on-year to hk$21,897 million while net rental income increased by 4% year-on-year to hk$17,142 million. the group continued to register rent increases for new leases and renewals during the year. contributions from new investment properties, primarily on the mainland, further boosted the solid rental income.
property business hong kong 
during the year under review, the group added two sites to its land bank through government tender and land use conversion, providing a total of 2.8 million square feet of gross floor area. the 434,000-square-foot residential site in sha tin acquired through government tender will be developed into stylish and luxury residences with diverse layouts, replete with rich greenery. the group also completed in may the land use conversion with premium paid for a site in tuen mun which is only about a fiveminute drive to mtr siu hong station. with a gross floor area of about 2.3 million square feet, this site will be developed into a residential enclave comprising mainly small- to mediumsized units. details of the sites added during the year are shown in the table below.
these new acquisitions brought the groups land bank in hong kong, inclusive of completed properties pending for sale, to 51.8 million square feet of attributable gross floor area as at the end of june 2017, of which 19.6 million square feet were properties under development and 29.8 million square feet were completed properties for rental purpose. this compared to 51.4 million square feet a year ago using the same basis of calculation.despite the increasingly competitive land sales market, the group continues to replenish its development land bank through various means, including actively participating in public tenders and land use conversions when appropriate opportunities arise. after the financial year end, the premium for converting various agricultural lots in shap sz heung into residential use was settled at a reasonable level. the project will entail substantial additional infrastructure expenditure during the development process and a long development period of over eight years. nestled in a picturesque suburb away from town centres and the mass transit network, the site with a gross floor area of nearly 4.8 million square feet will be developed into a large residential cluster in phases. the group will continue to make active efforts to convert its existing agricultural lands of over 28 million square feet in terms of site area, which are in various stages of land use conversion, into buildable 
homebuyers confidence remained solid, buoyed by record land prices, low mortgage rates, healthy economic conditions and relatively positive demographics in the city. demand for residential properties was mainly driven by end-users. sales in the primary market have been encouraging with record sales values for the year to date. while the supply of new projects has been increasing, the governments stringent restrictive measures continued to constrain activities in the residential market, especially in the secondary 
the groups dedication to premium quality and customer-oriented services has made its projects the preferred choice for homebuyers. to satisfy the everchanging market preferences and customer expectations, the group always takes initiatives to add value to its projects at all stages of the development, from practical layout designs with a proper flat mix to quality finishes and after-sale service. the impressive sales response to new launches has demonstrated customers recognition of the group and further strengthened its leading position in the market.
the group achieved remarkable sales results for hong kong properties, with contracted sales in attributable terms amounting to about hk$44,700 million for the year under review. this was mainly contributed by a wide range of highquality residences spanning various locations of the territory with easy access to public transport, including cullinan west atop mtr nam cheong station, grand yoho and park yoho
developments in yuen long, the first phase of ultima in ho man tin, eight regency in tuen mun,
ocean wings in tseung kwan o south, and lime
gala in shau kei wan.
during the financial year, the group completed eight projects with 4.1 million square feet of attributable gross floor area in hong kong. of this, over three million square feet were residential properties for sale, some of which are yet to be put on the market. about 825,000 square feet were non-residential properties retained for long-term investment.
details of the projects are shown in the following 
with over 29 million square feet of completed investment properties, mostly high-quality retail and office space, the groups rental business in hong kong delivered a healthy performance during the year. gross rental income from hong kong, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 4% to hk$17,439 million, primarily attributable to higher rents for new leases and renewals. overall occupancy also remained high at around 95%. the group additionally owns over three million square feet of investment properties 
hong kongs retail market showed signs of improvement. the groups retail rental business continued to perform well during the year with positive rental reversions and sustained high occupancy. this is largely attributable to its consistent and proactive approach in managing its quality retail portfolio totalling over 11 million square feet of gross floor area. the group also leverages new technologies such as mobile apps to create a more refreshing shopping experience and establish synergies among its malls. this, together with tenant mix refinements and asset enhancement initiatives, will further strengthen the rental value of the groups portfolio, as well as its brand in the shopping mall industry.
representing one of the groups latest developments, the 1.1-million-squarefoot yoho mall comprises yoho mall i and ii, the 450,000-square-foot extension of yoho mall i and future retail space of 107,000 square feet at the yuen long station development. during the year, yoho mall i and ii delivered encouraging performance and have seen stronger footfall since the opening of yoho i extension in july 2017. with 300-plus outlets of fashion, cosmetics, kids products, lifestyle superstores and the regions biggest collection of food and beverages complete with an imax cinema and an outdoor park, yoho mall provides customers with a whole new shopping and leisure experience and has turned the vicinity into a vibrant community. supported further by its direct connection to a major transportation network, yoho mall boasts a large catchment area and has become a leading retail hotspot in northwest new territories.
the popwalk retail cluster in tseung kwan o south covers about 240,000 square feet of retail space, including the 66,000-square-foot popwalk already in operation, the newly opened 95,000-square-foot popwalk 2 and 3 and the 80,000-square-foot ocean popwalk currently under development. with diversified tenants and offerings, the retail cluster fulfils daily needs of the people in the neighbourhood. ocean popwalk, representing the last phase of popwalk, is scheduled to open in early 2019 and pre-leasing is under way with an approximate area of 145,000 square feet, harbour north is the retail portion of the groups development projects on north point waterfront, providing a wide range of international cuisine, leisure brands and lifestyle offerings. scheduled to open in late 2018, the first phase of some 7,000-squarefoot street-level shops is expected to revitalize the respective portion of java road. the second phase will have a gross floor area of about 138,000 square feet. harbour north will feature an al fresco dining area for shoppers to enjoy a moment of tranquility complemented by spectacular harbour views. the mall is set to synergize with the adjacent hotel vic, which will offer around 70,000 square feet of retail space, as well as the victoria harbour residences within the integrated development, injecting new energy into island east.
sitting atop the only interchange for the tung chung line and west rail line, the 300,000-square-foot mall of nam cheong station development is just one station along west rail away from the future express rail link (hk section) terminus. such transport convenience is anticipated to bring in more shoppers from near and far. with its wide selection of shops and premium leisure facilities, the mall is poised to become a new shopping destination in the region upon its scheduled opening in mid 2019. pre-marketing is under way with positive response.
positive developments were observed in the groups major malls during the year under review. the sun arcade was fully let and recorded a pickup in retail sales. ifc mall was also nearly fully let with positive rental reversions.
supported by resilient domestic consumption, the groups regional malls, including apm, tsuen wan plaza and v city, also continued to perform well.
during the year, several shopping malls of the group were under phased renovation. the outdoor piazza at metroplaza in kwai fong will introduce new features, which are expected to attract family shoppers and increase traffic upon completion of its renovation. at new town plaza in sha tin, new layouts will be introduced at phase iii to accommodate a refined tenant mix while a popwalk has a diverse mix of tenants catering to the rising number of young families in tseung kwan o ifc in hong kongs central core is a magnet for prestigious international financial institutions new deluxe cinema with seven houses in phase i is scheduled to open in the second half of 2018.
at apm in kwun tong, the conversion of over 150,000 square feet of office area in the same tower into retail space is progressing well.office portfolio leasing demand for grade-a offices in hong kong is supported by the growing momentum of the local economy and its role as a world-class business hub. with its well-recognized brand, the groups portfolio of about 10 million square feet of premium offices continued to bolster its leading position during the year, delivering promising results with high occupancy and positive rental reversions.
supported by its premium brand, the iconic international finance centre (ifc) maintained its leading position in the market. the virtually fully let office towers recorded a rise in rental income, partly attributable to the scarcity of prime office supply in the core financial district. ifc continued to be the preferred choice for respected financial institutions from around the globe including those from the mainland.
international commerce centre (icc), the groups another signature project, upheld its commanding position with top quality and excellent specifications.
sitting in a strategic location, which will be reinforced by the targeted completion of the high-speed rail link in the third quarter of 2018 and the emerging west kowloon cultural district, icc is poised to capitalize on the increasing vibrancy of the area. icc is also a much sought-after address for multinational and mainland corporations. during the year, the office skyscraper was almost fully let and recorded higher rents driven by its robust 
supported by its high specifications with large floor plates and close proximity to mtr stations, the millennium city cluster continues to attract solid demand from high-quality tenants despite an increasing supply of strata-titled offices in kowloon east. during the year, the office cluster continued to record high occupancy with positive rental reversions. millennium city will achieve greater synergy in the area with the inclusion of the 98 how ming street development, of which the group owns an effective stake of about 68%, into the groups commercial portfolio in kowloon east. this new commercial project has a gross floor area of about 1.2 million square feet, a majority of which is planned for office usage. the remainder will be developed into a premium shopping mall.
the groups other premium offices such as sun hung kai centre and central plaza in wan chai,
grand century place in mong kok, grand central
plaza in sha tin and metroplaza in kwai fong also performed well. these office developments, marked by diversified and resilient tenant bases, were able to achieve high occupancies and steady rental increases.
central plaza will embark on another phase of refurbishment following the completion of the first phase of renovation in late 2016. a revamp for grand central plaza also started and is progressing on track. looking ahead, the groups effort in asset enhancement will further strengthen its premium brand as well as rental value through raising premises quality and 
property business mainland 
as at 30 june 2017, the groups total land bank on the mainland, inclusive of completed properties pending for sale, totalled 66.5 million square feet of attributable gross floor area, as compared to 71.2 million square feet a year ago using the same basis of calculation. about 12.8 million square feet were completed investment properties retained for rental purpose, which are primarily signature integrated projects in strategic locations in shanghai, guangzhou and beijing.
properties under development added up to 52.6 million square feet, a majority of which has been earmarked for developing quality residences. the group will maintain a selective and focused approach to exploring investment opportunities in first-tier cities.

following strong growth in both home prices and transaction volumes last year, the mainland residential market has cooled off with prices being reined in and transaction volumes reduced due to effective regulatory measures.
such measures should help sustain a healthy housing market and operating environment over the medium-to-long term. land market sentiments remained positive, with developers still eager to replenish their land banks.
the group achieved attributable contracted sales of about rmb6,800 million on the mainland during the year under review. major contributors included luxury residential units in the wholly-owned shanghai arch, which is set in a prestigious location adjacent to little lujiazui in shanghai, and premium condominiums in phase 2 of the 70%-owned forest hills ideally located in the north tianhe business hub of guangzhou. two office projects situated in the prime business districts of guangzhou, the 70%-owned gcc and the gcc office in the busy tianhe north business district in guangzhou has the advantage of being close to the guangzhou east railway station 33.3%-owned top plaza east tower, were also well received by the market.the groups brand name has become increasingly respected with the delivery of various premium projects in key cities. during the year, the group completed 5.2 million square feet of attributable gross floor area, of which about 833,000 square feet were non-residential properties for long-term investment. the superior building quality of these projects and the groups attentive after-sale service were highly praised by buyers. projects completed during the year are shown in the 
following years of expansion, the groups completed investment property portfolio on the mainland reached 12.8 million square feet as at the end of june 2017, contributing to a notable portion of the groups total rental income. for the year under review, gross rental income from the mainland, including contributions from joint-venture projects, grew by 12% to rmb3,321 million. such healthy growth was mainly due to positive rental reversions and additional contributions from new investment properties. in addition, the group will complete about 12 million square feet of investment properties under development in the next five to six years.
the wholly-owned itc is located at the heart of xujiahui, which has been upgraded to become a core business district in shanghai with enormous potential for future growth. with grade-a offices, premium shopping malls and a luxury hotel to fill up its 7.6 million square feet of gross floor area, itc also takes advantage of its direct access to xujiahui metro station the junction of three existing lines and two future lines that underscores its transport convenience. the mega project is being developed into a new landmark in the city, bolstering the groups strong presence in shanghai.
shanghai ifc mall is a renowned upscale mall in the city and a pull for locals and 
innovative promotions at shanghai iapm are a big draw for international retailers and people seeking a 
one itc, phase 1 of the project, was completed during the year with office tenants gradually moving in. its 170,000-square-foot offices in two towers have attracted keen interest from multinational corporations from different sectors.
one itc will additionally provide an upscale 340,000-square-foot mall, of which the premarketing has received encouraging response from international luxury brands and dining outlets. the second phase of itc, comprising 320,000 square feet of offices and 43,000 square feet of retail space, is scheduled for completion in the second half of 2018. pre-leasing for its offices has drawn positive response. construction of the remaining phases is under way, one of which comprising a 2.5-million-square-foot mall, two office towers including a 370-metre-skyscraper plus a five-star hotel will represent the most striking part of itc. the mega development is planned for full completion by late 2023.
igc in guangzhou houses a variety of fashion retailers and popular eateries, some of which are new to the city the integrated nanjing ifc project located in the hexi cbd is also under development. with a gross floor area of 3.4 million square feet, the complex will benefit from its direct connection to a metro station sitting along two lines. the project is targeted for full completion in 2020. pre-marketing for its two-million-square-foot offices in two towers and a one-million-square-foot mall is under way. the positioning of the upmarket mall will resemble the shanghai ifc mall. upon completion, itc in shanghai and nanjing ifc are expected to significantly drive the groups future rental income growth.
the groups premium brand and reputation have been increasingly recognized on the mainland following the successful presence of shanghai ifc and shanghai icc. the fully let shanghai ifc mall in little lujiazui recorded notable growth in tenant sales and rental reversions. it has become even more accessible after two pedestrian tunnels connecting to nearby buildings opened during the year. the groups office space at shanghai ifc was almost fully let with positive rental reversions.
shanghai icc in the puxi commercial area represents another landmark of the group in the city. iapm continues to avail itself of new technologies and promotional events to increase shoppers engagement. visitor traffic has been driven by the opening of its podium garden on nanchang road in early 2017.
the two office towers atop iapm continued to draw demand from diverse tenants. during the year, one icc was virtually fully occupied with decent rental reversions. two icc is now 90% leased and its occupancy is expected to 
with the opening of igc and parc central in guangzhou last year, the group has expanded its retail network to another first-tier city on the mainland. both of the malls saw traffic and tenant sales ramping up steadily. a direct connection between the one-million-square-foot igc, of which the group has a 33.3% interest, and liede metro station in zhujiang new town was opened this year, ensuring easy accessibility. located in the tianhe commercial hub, the 50%-owned 900,000-square-foot parc central has attracted considerable attention through its cutting-edge design and distinctive shopping concept in an 
situated at the core of wangfujing, beijing apm recorded healthy growth in tenant sales and positive rental reversions during the year.
targeting middle-class families, the mall brought in affordable luxury brands to boost its allure. as part of its plan to enhance the internal layout and shopper experience, the mall will introduce a new sports zone in the second half of 2017.other businesses 
the operating environment of hong kongs hospitality industry has shown some signs of improvement. during the year under review, the groups hotels in hong kong achieved satisfactory results with modest earnings growth.
room revenue slightly increased while the food and beverage business also fared well, supported mainly by the hotels renowned restaurants and solid 
the groups deluxe hotels delivered satisfactory performance and maintained their status as market leaders in the luxury sector. occupancies of four seasons hotel hong kong, the ritz-carlton, hong kong and w hong kong
increased moderately, attributed primarily to their proper sales tactics. the crowne plaza hong kong kowloon east and the holiday inn express hong kong kowloon east recorded respectable revenue growth, driven not only by their reputation as one of the top picks for mice events, but also by an increasing number of repeat guests and business travellers. meanwhile, occupancy of the groups four royal brand hotels reached over 95%.
as part of the groups integrated development on north point waterfront, hotel vic is scheduled to open in the first half of 2018. preparation work for its inauguration is progressing smoothly. with its seasoned management team, modern and trendy facilities along with a spectacular view of victoria harbour, the hotel is expected to provide a luxury living experience at reasonable prices. another new quality hotel in sha tin, a sister project of royal park hotel, is targeted to open in the first half of 2019. the new hotels will further expand the groups hospitality network and help boost its recurrent income over time.
the ritz-carlton shanghai, pudong upheld its leading position in shanghais luxury hotel market. during the year, the hotel registered steady growth in both occupancy and room rates while its food and beverage business also performed well. with its prestigious location, excellent service and well-recognized brand, the hotel is well positioned to capture growth opportunities arising from shanghais position as a major business hub and travel destination. the groups two joint-venture hotel projects on the mainland, namely park hyatt hangzhou and conrad guangzhou, have been operating smoothly since their recent openings. the construction of four seasons hotel in suzhou is 
telecommunications and information

during the year under review, smartone has maintained a stable net local mobile service revenue and achieved an increase in the number of customers in spite of greater competition in the industry. nonetheless, structural changes in the roaming and handset trading businesses, as well as rising spectrum costs have contributed to a decline in net profit. the external market is likely to remain difficult. despite such challenges, the company will continue to improve its customer propositions by targeting different market segments with tailored services and offerings.
combined with its continued focus on delivering excellent customer experience and extending technological leadership, smartone is well placed to weather challenges and capitalize on future opportunities. the group remains confident in smartones prospects and will continue to hold the company as a long-term investment.sunevision recorded healthy growth for the year under review. the companys core business in data centre iadvantage continued to deliver promising results. the mega-i data centre in chai wan remains a prominent connectivity hub in hong kong. in view of a surge in data usage driven by continued growth in digitization and cloud computing, the company has invested in new facilities and optimized existing infrastructure to meet growing customer needs. the companys latest development in tseung kwan o, mega plus, is the first facility in hong kong built on dedicated land for data centre usage. the development was already completed and is now ready for service. mega two in sha tin is also in the final stage of transforming itself into a fully dedicated data centre facility. the company is committed to providing superior infrastructure and service to its customers, and achieving 
infrastructure and other businesses
the groups infrastructure and transport businesses continued to see satisfactory performance during the year. traffic on route 3 (country park section) remained steady while the wilson group continued to deliver stable performance. business at the hong kong business aviation centre was supported by good demand, but the keen competition for flight slots has posed challenges to its operations. the airport freight forwarding centre continued to perform well on the back of a pickup in the air cargo shipment market and sustained demand for modern warehouse space. performance of the river trade terminal also continued to improve, resulting from its efforts to enhance operational efficiency and renew business models. in addition to expanding its network in the territory, yata enhanced its performance by offering a better shopping experience at existing stores to keep up with changing customer needs.

the group continues to adopt a prudent financial management approach which has been part and parcel of its success over the years. for the year under review, the group has consistently maintained a low gearing and high liquidity. as at 30 june 2017, the groups net debt to shareholders funds recorded a low 7.2% while its interest coverage reached a high of 14.2 times.
this strong financial position enables the group to weather unanticipated challenges in an everchanging 
during the year, the group has been affirmed ratings of a1 by moodys and a+ by standard & poors with stable outlook from both, reflecting again its strong financial position. such ratings continued to be the highest among real estate companies in hong kong.
with strong support from the banking community, the group arranged a hk$22,000 million 5-year syndicated loan at competitive terms in march 2017. the financing arrangement was in line with the groups policy of extending debt maturity and procuring abundant undrawn committed banking facilities for its business development. on the mainland, a rmb3,700 million 5-year syndicated loan was arranged for the groups shanghai ifc project in january 2017 for refinancing purpose.
apart from plentiful liquidity from banks, the group leverages capital markets to diversify its funding sources with various financial instruments. in may 2017, the group issued us$500 million perpetual capital securities with a fixed-forlife coupon rate of 4.45%, drawing overwhelming subscription response. the group additionally issued a total of hk$1,935 million 10-year bond under its medium term note programme during the year under review, followed by another hk$950 million 7-year bond and hk$1,043 million 10-year bond issued after the end of the financial year. the us$775 million 3.5% 5-year bond and us$264.3 million 5.375% 10-year bond were redeemed in full upon maturity in november 2016 and march 2017 respectively.
the majority of the groups borrowings are denominated in hong kong dollars with the remainder mostly in us dollars and renminbi, and the exposure to foreign exchange risk is therefore small. to fund the construction expenditures of mainland projects, the group continues to utilize internal cash generated from mainland operations as well as onshore bank loans. as in years past, the group has not been exposed to any derivatives or structured products for speculative purpose.

the group has upheld its high standards of corporate governance with an effective board of directors, well-developed risk management and internal control system, as well as a proactive investor relations programme.
the board directs and approves the groups overall strategies with the support of board committees. the 11-member executive committee meets regularly to formulate policies and make key business decisions. the remuneration, the nomination, and the audit and risk management committees are all chaired by independent non-executive directors to ensure proper implementation of the groups strategies. the board also maintains and consistently assesses the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control system by evaluating reviews performed by the audit and risk management committee, the management and both internal and external auditors. these sound systems and rigorous internal controls are aimed at safeguarding the groups assets and the interests of its shareholders.
the group places great importance on interactive communications with its multiple stakeholders and provides them with corporate information on a timely basis through various channels to maintain a high level of transparency. in addition to frequent meetings, other initiatives to keep stakeholders abreast of the groups strategies and businesses include participating in large-scale conferences and staging non-deal overseas 
the group received various major awards from leading financial publications for its ongoing effort in corporate governance during the year, including best mixed developer in the global, asia, china and hong kong categories as well as hong kongs best overall developer from euromoney magazine. the group also earned the title of asias best real estate company and hong kongs best managed company from financeasia magazine. other accolades included hong kongs best investor relations company and best
corporate communications from corporate governance asia magazine.the sun hung kai properties hong kong cyclothon draws cyclists from all over the world to exercise for good 
creating long-term value for stakeholders including customers, employees, shareholders and the community remains a primary focus of the groups strategy for sustainable development. this people-oriented principle echoes the groups long-standing belief in building homes with heart, which underlines its commitment to quality and reinforces its premium brand over 
with a constant customer focus, the group is able to exceed peoples expectations for living, work and leisure with premium projects and thoughtful service. the pioneering first three-year warranty on newly sold residential units continues to underpin homebuyers confidence in the groups quality assurance. as the groups effective vehicle for two-way communication, the shkp club keeps the group informed of needs for continuous enhancements.
management also leads by example through making home visits to hear homebuyers feedback on quality.
the group encourages its most valuable asset, its employees, to move with the times and grow with the group through continuous learning and training.
as a caring employer, the group adopts a five-day work week for office staff in general to enhance work-life balance for employees.
the groups quality commitment does not stop at its buildings, but takes on a strategic holistic approach to benefit the wider community. at park yoho for example, great effort was spent on restoring a barren marsh into a vibrant wetland which is now home to over 180 living species including one listed as 
the shkp club collects feedback through different channels to better understand customer needs community well-being is another important focus on sustainable development. highlights include the annual shkp vertical run for charity, and the groups title and charity sponsorship of the sun hung kai properties hong kong cyclothon. both sporting-for-charity events raise substantial donations to support child and youth services. taking the groups reading promotion effort to a new stage, the shkp reading club rolled out in july 2017 a free new multimedia online reading platform, linepaper, which uses the latest online and social channels to stimulate happy reading among the young generations.
the group sponsored the hong kong x-tech startup platform with fitted offices in kwun tong as the headquarters of its operation in hong kong, along with co-working spaces to support young people in pursuit of technological innovation and entrepreneurship. in a similar vein, the group donated during the year a site in yuen long for the development of hong kongs first purpose-built integrated social service facility that will include a youth hostel, elderly home and special-need childcare centre, seeking to promote intergenerational interaction and social harmony.

the global economy is expanding steadily with a broadening base. with price and wage inflation anticipated to be well under control, nominal interest rates should maintain at a relatively low level. nonetheless, uncertainties over normalization of monetary policies in most of the developed countries coupled with continuous geopolitical tensions in certain areas may pose downside risks to global growth and affect the stability of the financial market.
supported by growing exports, solid consumer demand and continuous expenditures on infrastructure, the mainland economy is expected to grow at a reasonable pace. the performance of the residential market is anticipated to vary from city to city, largely affected by the nature of city-specific land and housing policies. stringent restrictive measures implemented in first-tier and most of the second-tier cities should constrain local market activities in the short term. with effective regulatory initiatives and deleveraging policies, the property market as a whole will be able to operate in a healthy and sustainable environment. together with continuous economic growth and ongoing urbanization, the group is positive about the long-term prospects of the mainland property market.
in hong kong, with solid local consumer spending, improving external demand and continuous investment in infrastructural developments, the economy is likely to pick up its momentum modestly in the year ahead. the gradual completion of key cross-border infrastructure projects and central governments initiatives such as bond connect and the greater bay area development plans are expected to underpin the citys long-term economic prospects. this, together with a healthy job market, low interest rates and relatively positive demographics will be conducive to the demand for residential properties. market activities, particularly in the secondary market, will however continue to be constrained by restrictive housing measures.
the completion of one itc marks a significant stage in realizing the full mega itc 
amid the prevailing competitive operating environment, the group will continue to strengthen its property development business.
over the next three years, the average annual residential space scheduled for completion in hong kong will be more than three million square feet. to sustain a high residential production volume, the group will continue to seek opportunities to acquire new sites with reasonable development margins, particularly in hong kong, through different means such as the conversion of agricultural land and public tenders.
the group is adopting a proactive approach to launch its projects on the back of its abundant saleable resources, offering a profusion of products with a diverse flat mix that ranges from units for mass market to high-end residences.
over the next nine months, major residential developments offered for sale in hong kong will include wings at sea in lohas park, tseung kwan o; victoria harbour in north point; cullinan west ii
at mtr nam cheong station; babington hill in
mid-levels; st. barths in ma on shan; st. moritz in
kau to; and first phases of two premium residential projects located in pak shek kok, tai po and tuen mun respectively. on the mainland, major residential developments to be put on the market will include joint-venture projects, phase 1 of todtown in shanghai and the arch suites at
chengdu icc, as well as new batches of the wholly-owned grand waterfront in dongguan.
with its well-recognized brand and seasoned sales team, the group is confident of the sales performance of its upcoming launches.
with the opening of new shopping malls, as well as anticipated high occupancy and positive rental reversions from its existing rental portfolio, the groups rental income is expected to perform well in the coming year. over the next five to six years, there will be several major investment projects coming on stream. in hong kong, harbour north on north point waterfront and a premium shopping mall at mtr nam cheong station are planned to open gradually from late 2018 onwards. on the mainland, itc in shanghai is earmarked for full completion in stages by 2023. the groups rental portfolio will be further strengthened by the nanjing ifc, which is scheduled for completion in 2020, along with the four seasons hotel in suzhou. these new developments in hong kong and on the mainland amount to an aggregate gross floor area of about 15 million square feet in attributable terms, of which around 12 million square feet are projects on the mainland that will almost double its existing mainland portfolio upon completion, further elevating the groups rental income and leading position in the market.
the group is keen to foster its competence in a bid to stay ahead of the market. in addition to upholding its commitment to quality products and attentive service to underscore its premium brand, the group will continue to make greater use of digital platforms to better understand the behaviour of shoppers and homebuyers as well as the marketing landscape. the group also places high emphasis on developing human capital, which is essential to its long-term development and growth. going forward, underpinned by its growing property portfolios in hong kong and on the mainland, the groups earnings quality and visibility will be further enhanced. with a strong financial position, a reputable brand and a professional management team, the group will uphold and continue to optimize its strategy of creating long-term value for stakeholders and sustain business growth in a fast-moving digital era.
barring unforeseen circumstances, the groups results for the coming financial year are expected to be satisfactory.

i would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance, to all staff for their dedication and hard work, and to all our shareholders and customers for their continued support.
kwok ping-luen, raymond
chairman & managing director hong kong, 14 september 2017 