profit attributable to shareholders the groups reported profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2016 amounted to hk$21,916 million, representing an increase of hk$590 million or 3% over hk$21,326 million for the previous year. reported earnings per share were hk$6.03 (2015: hk$5.87 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2016).
excluding the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and tax) of investment properties and investment properties under development, the groups underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2016 was hk$14,169 million, representing an increase of hk$3,160 million or 29% over hk$11,009 million for the previous year. underlying earnings per share were hk$3.90 (2015: hk$3.03 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2016). dividends the board recommends the payment of a final dividend of hk$1.13 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on tuesday, 13 june 2017, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in hong kong. including the interim dividend of hk$0.42 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 december 2016 will amount to hk$1.55 per share (2015: hk$1.45 per share).
the proposed final dividend will be payable in cash and is expected to be distributed to shareholders on wednesday, 21 june 2017.
issue of bonus shares
the board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share for every ten shares held (2015: one bonus share for every ten shares held) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on tuesday, 13 june 2017. the relevant resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon the listing committee of the stock exchange of hong kong limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be posted on wednesday, 21 june 2017.

the groups underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2016 was up by 29% to hk$14,169 million. pre-tax profit contribution from property sales (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by 0.2% to hk$3,987 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by 3% to hk$6,481 million. besides, there was a total net gain of hk$3,930 million arising from the disposal of various non-core 
hong kongs property market has become active since the second quarter of 2016. in response to the continuing price increases, the government in november 2016 raised the ad valorem stamp duty on residential property transactions for non first-time buyers to a flat rate of 15%. a new round of demand-suppression measures by the government, coupled with a subsequent interest rate rise in the us, led to relatively cautious overall market sentiment by the year end.
development projects which were launched during the year, including double cove summit (phase 5 of double cove) in ma on shan, wellesley in mid-levels, seven victory avenue in ho man tin, as well as harbour park and park one in cheung sha wan, drew encouraging market responses. meanwhile, 39 conduit road in midlevels, double cove (phases 1-4) in ma on shan, as well as an array of urban redevelopment boutique residences under the h collection were re-launched and sold well. for the year ended 31 december 2016, the group sold an attributable total amount of hk$10,082 million of hong kong residences.
during the year, the 156,000-square-foot office building golden centre in sheung wan was sold en-bloc at the consideration of hk$4,368 million. together with the disposal of other non-residential properties such as the industrial units at global gateway tower in cheung sha wan, as well as the shop units at the zutten in ma tau kok and parker33 in shau kei wan, attributable proceeds arising from these disposals totalled hk$4,811 million. including the aforesaid residential sales revenue, the group sold hk$14,893 million worth of hong kong properties in attributable terms during the year under review, an increase of 30% as compared with hk$11,472 million for the year before.after the end of the financial year under review, twelve shops at fairview height in mid-levels, which were previously held for leasing, were disposed of in january 2017 at a total consideration of hk$515 million (subject to adjustment).
newton place hotel in kwun tong and newton inn in north point were sold in february 2017 at about hk$2,248 million (subject to adjustment) and hk$1,000 million (subject to adjustment) respectively. the group also released eden manor and mega cube for sale in march 2017 and market responses were satisfactory.

the group has 39 urban redevelopment projects with 80% to 100% of their ownerships acquired, representing about 3.8 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area.
the group has made use of multiple channels to expand its development land bank in hong kong. with the exception of a few projects earmarked for rental purposes, there will be abundant supply of saleable areas for the groups property sales in the coming years with details shown as follows: the group has a total of 5 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion and the dates of their sales launch are not yet fixed. as outlined below, they are expected to provide about 1.4 million square feet in attributable gross floor area in the urban areas based on the buildings departments approved plans or the governments latest town planning: there are 17 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated. in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of these projects are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2018-2019 and their expected attributable gross floor areas, based on the buildings departments approved plans or the governments latest town planning, are as follows: there are 22 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with 80% or above ownership secured and their ownership will be consolidated by proceeding to court for compulsory sale under the land (compulsory sale for redevelopment) ordinance.
in the event that no court order is granted, the group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for development. if legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are expected to be available for sale in 2019-2021. on the basis of the governments latest town planning, the expected attributable gross floor areas are shown as follows: the group has other acquisitions in progress, involving 30 projects located in prime urban areas in hong kong and kowloon.
currently, ownership ranging from more than 20% to less than 80% of each project has been achieved. the attributable land areas of these projects total about 210,000 square feet. if and when their ownerships are successfully consolidated, based on the governments latest town planning, the total estimated attributable gross floor area would be about 1,860,000 square feet upon completion of redevelopment. based on the respective ownership currently secured by the group for each project, the total pro-rata attributable gross floor area is about 800,000 square feet.
successful acquisitions of the above projects bear uncertainty. the group may not be able to consolidate ownerships of all projects. redevelopments can only be implemented upon acquisition of the full ownership of the relevant projects.land bank the group continues to replenish its land bank by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment and applying for landuse conversion for its portfolio of new territories land. this dual approach to land banking has proven to be a reliable source of land supply with a lower acquisition cost, which is beneficial to the groups development returns in the long term. such land banking strategy is, in fact, a win-win move for all parties. by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment, owners of the dilapidated properties can upgrade to homes with much better living conditions, while the old districts will be revitalised with a refreshing look. meanwhile, land resources in the new territories can be more efficiently used after land-use conversion, offering the exquisite lifestyle and tranquil ambience that many people aspire after.
it is evident that the groups urban redevelopment projects, as well as development of new territories land, will create benefits not only for shareholders, but also for residents and tenants, as well as enhancing environmental conservation and community development.
the redevelopment project at 18 king wah road, north point and double cove in ma on shan are manifest examples: (1) the industrial site for the former asia cold storage at 18 king wah road, north point will be redeveloped into a 330,000-square-foot grade-a office building upon its scheduled completion in mid-2017. the land premium for such land-use conversion was finalised with the government in july 2016 at about hk$2,218.7 million. including the acquisition cost, the land cost per square foot of gross floor area was approximately hk$8,700. this office development at 18 king wah road is hailed as a metropolitan landmark and has received many awards. it embodies not just state-of-the-art facilities but also an environmentally sustainable design. the group has meticulously planned this urban waterfront project so as to offer sweeping victoria harbour views for its tenants, whilst certain space in this pricy site has also been kept for a landscaped corridor, ensuring a free passage of sea breeze and natural light to the whole neighbourhood.
(2) as for the groups 59%-owned double cove in ma on shan, the entire project consists of 3,535 residential units with a total gross floor area of about 2.95 million square feet. pre-sale for its phase 1 development was launched in september 2012. by the end of december 2016, over 92% of its total residential units had been sold, generating cumulative total sales revenue of hk$27,839 million. a penthouse unit, in terms of saleable area, was sold at an average price of about hk$22,800 per square foot, a record high around that area. this project is a masterpiece of the world-renowned master architect lord richard rogers. its development concept of living in a park embodies eco-friendly buildings, landscaping design, nature conservation, art and other details. the project has thus won many accolades, including the top honour of grand award winner in the hong kong residential (multiple buildings) category of the quality building award 2016. peers, academics and the government officials, after their site visits, have praised the group highly for transforming agricultural land into residential use while maintaining the scenic natural beauty of the location to ensure a harmonious and sustainable outcome.
land in urban areas
in addition to those already in the sales pipeline as mentioned, there are currently 39 urban redevelopment projects of old tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership acquired, representing a total attributable gross floor area of about 3.8 million square feet, which are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2018 or beyond. the total land cost of such projects is estimated to be about hk$26,100 million (in spite of the inclusion of pricey street shops and the project at the prestigious seymour road in mid-levels), translating into a land cost of approximately hk$6,900 per square foot of gross floor area.
during this financial year, the group completed the acquisition of the entire interests in six development projects (namely, the projects at 4a-4p seymour road in mid-levels, 1-17 chung ching street in sheung wan, 2a-2f tak shing street in jordan, 464-466 sai yeung choi street north and 50-56 wong chuk street in sham shui po, 57-69 ma tau wai road, 2-20 bailey street and 18a-30 sung chi street in to kwa wan, as well as 74-74c waterloo road and 15-25 yau moon street in ho man tin). the sites for various existing projects at whampoa street, gillies avenue south and bulkeley
street, hung hom, were enlarged following the acquisition of the adjacent buildings.
as aforesaid, the land premium for land-use conversion regarding the industrial site at 18 king wah road, north point was agreed with the government in july 2016. the land cost (including the land premium) and estimated construction cost per square foot of gross floor area are approximately hk$8,700 and hk$3,300 respectively. this office development will be another valuable waterfront project in the groups sizeable asset portfolio. in addition, the residential-cum-commercial project at yau tong bay is in the process of application for 
new territories land at the end of december 2016, the group held new territories land reserves amounting to approximately 44.8 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in hong kong.
in july 2013, the government announced the result of the north east new territories new development areas planning and engineering study, of which kwu tung north and fanling north would be treated as the extension of fanlingsheung shui new town. the government has also decided to adopt an enhanced conventional new town approach and, subject to specified criteria, private land owners are allowed to apply for in-situ land exchange for private developments. outline zoning plans for both kwu tung north and fanling north were already approved by the chief executive-in-council. of the groups land holding of 2.4 million square feet in fanling north new development area, a total land area of roughly over 800,000 square feet is assessed to be eligible for in-situ land exchange and the government may resume the other parts of its lands for public use by payment of cash compensation. the group has previously applied for in-situ land exchange for two separate land lots in fanling north and kwu tung, which have just been accepted by the government for further review. the two sites are expected to provide total developable gross floor areas of approximately 600,000 square feet and 340,000 square feet respectively, against their respective site areas of 172,000 square feet and 45,000 square feet. applications in respect of three other land lots in fanling north, with respective site areas of 228,000 square feet, 241,000 square feet and 240,000 square feet, were also submitted for in-situ land change. the above four land lots in fanling north are expected to provide an aggregate commercial gross floor area of 440,000 square feet and residential gross floor area of 3.64 million square feet approximately. developable areas for these sites are subject to finalisation of land premium.
according to the aforementioned north east new territories new development areas planning and engineering study,
the region at ping cheta kwu ling will be re-planned in response to the 2013 policy address which proposed an initiative to review the development potential of new territories north, including new opportunities brought about by the new railway infrastructure. in january 2014, the government commenced its preliminary feasibility study on developing the new territories north on a study area of about 5,300 hectares. in september 2014, the government announced the railway development strategy, including its long-term extension plan to further extend the railway line to kwu tung and ping che. the group has a land holding of about 1.34 million square feet in ping cheta kwu ling which is embodied in the master layout plan of the original north east new territories new development areas planning and
engineering study. in addition, the group has about 1.09 million square feet of land in the adjacent areas, making a total of about 2.43 million square feet in the region. in order to increase land supply for housing, the government formulated the preliminary outline development plan for planning and engineering study for housing sites in yuen long south investigation and launched its stage 2 community engagement. it also released the land use review for kam tin south and pat heung. the group holds certain pieces of land in these study areas.
as for hung shui kiu new development area planning and engineering study, the group holds a total land area of approximately 6.35 million square feet in this location, which covers an area of about 714 hectares. under the preliminary outline development plan, it was proposed to accommodate a new town with a population of about 215,000 people and 60,000 additional flats, of which about 50% are private developments. impacts to the group arising from these proposals are to be assessed. the group will continue to work in line with the governments development policies and will follow up closely on its development plans.
besides, the development of houses cum wetland restoration project in wo shang wai, yuen long has been approved by the town planning board. with a site area of approximately 2.23 million square feet, this project will comprise about 400 houses, providing a total residential floor area of approximately 890,000 square feet. negotiation of the land premium is now under way and project implementation is subject to the finalisation of the land premium amount with 
following the first concluded arbitration case for a commercial and residential development project at yuen long town lot no. 527 under the pilot scheme for arbitration on land premium in late 2015, the group agreed in principle to proceed with arbitration for another case during the year under review. however, the group subsequently decided to accept the land premium proposed by the lands department, hence obviating the need for arbitration. the relevant project, being at yuen long town lot no. 524 and having a site area of 48,933 square feet, will provide a total attributable residential floor area of 135,324 square feet. the land premium amounted to hk$298.38 million.
the pilot scheme for arbitration on land premium was introduced by the government in october 2014 for a trial period of two years, with an aim to facilitate early conclusion of land premium negotiations and expedite land supply for housing and other uses. the government has extended the pilot scheme for two more years to october 2018. the group will thus consider requesting for arbitration on its land exchange or lease modification cases when necessary.

during the year under review, the groups attributable gross rental income in hong kong, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased by 2% to hk$6,540 million. the attributable pretax net rental income, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was hk$5,132 million, representing a growth of 4% over the previous year. included therein is attributable gross rental income of hk$1,918 million (2015: hk$1,865 million) contributed from the groups attributable 40.77% interest in the international finance centre (ifc) project. at the end of december 2016, the leasing rate for the groups core rental properties was 97%. besides, the group held about 9,000 car parking bays, providing additional rental income.
as at 31 december 2016, the group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 8.8 million square feet of completed investment properties in hong kong:according to the information released by the census and statistics department, the value of total retail sales in hong kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with a year earlier amid soft inbound tourist spending. however, all the groups major shopping malls (except those under renovation or realignment of tenant mix) were able to record nearly full occupancy at the end of december 2016 with moderate rental growth. this continuity was attributable to the groups effective promotional activities and asset enhancement initiatives. metro city phase ii in tseung kwan o, for instance, successfully fostered closer interaction between shoppers and tenants after the launch of a customer loyalty programme, whilst kolour tsuen wan i offered a fresh and vibrant shopping experience to customers following the completion of its reconfiguration. for the groups other regional shopping malls such as shatin centre and fanling centre, renovations are also in progress to further enhance their competitiveness. an upcoming addition will be a 40,000-square foot retail mall beneath the residential project eltanin square mile. upon its scheduled opening by the end of 2017, the mall will further expand the groups portfolio of shopping arcade or retail space.
benefitting from a combination of limited new supply and sustained demand from mainland companies, the office leasing market remained buoyant in hong kong. the groups office premises are well diversified in both specifications and locations, meeting the different needs of various businesses.
during the year under review, the groups premium office buildings in the core areas, such as ifc in central, aia tower in north point and fwd financial centre in sheung wan, all performed well. meanwhile, the groups cluster of office and industrialoffice premises in kowloon east, including manulife financial centre, aia financial centre, 78 hung to road and bamboos centre, also recorded satisfactory rental reversions for most of the renewals and new leases. besides, a prime waterfront site at 18 king wah road, north point is being developed into a 25-storey grade-a office tower with a total gross floor area of about 330,000 square feet. designed by the world-renowned cesar pelli, it is poised to be another metropolitan landmark upon its scheduled completion in mid-2017. pre-leasing marketing has been encouraging, with many multinational corporations and mainland enterprises enquiring about the development.
together with its neighbouring 510,000-square-foot aia tower which is undergoing extensive facility upgrades, as well as the impending redevelopment of newton hotel hong kong into a 140,000-square-foot grade-a office tower, a business hub comprising about one million square feet of premium office space will emerge in north point, reinforcing the groups leading position in that area.

with the falling visitor arrivals in recent years, hong kongs hotel industry has been operating under difficult conditions. in order to improve the yield of the groups assets, newton hotel hong kong ceased operating in 2015 and is being redeveloped into an office building. furthermore, the groups remaining two newton hotels, namely, newton place hotel in kwun tong and newton inn in north point, were sold in february 2017 at about hk$2,248 million (subject to adjustment) and hk$1,000 million (subject to adjustment) respectively. completion of the disposal of newton place hotel is expected to take place in october 2017, whilst the completion of the disposal of newton inn shall take place on the date falling on the expiry of two months after all the conditions precedent are fulfilled (but no later than 17 august 2017).
as the citys hospitality leader, the four seasons hotel hong kong continued to perform well with satisfactory occupancy and room rates. it was named by forbes travel guide 2016 as one of the finest 5-star properties in the world, whilst its lung king heen restaurant also received the top 3-star honour in the michelin guide to hong kong and macau 2017.
the group is committed to building excellence in all its property developments. double cove achieved the top honour of grand award winner in the hong kong residential (multiple buildings) category of the quality building award 2016. this biennial award is strictly accredited by a panel of judges drawn from nine major professional organisations, making this industry honour one of unrivalled credibility and prestige. meanwhile, the outstanding craftsmanship of the newly-completed urban redevelopment projects, the hemispheres and high one, were highly applauded by hong kong professional building inspection academy and local media organisations upon their quality inspections. besides, the grade-a office development at 18 king wah road, north point also won the top regional platinum prize in the first asia pacific intelligence green building alliance award.
teamwork and meticulous planning throughout the construction process contribute to the groups remarkable success. for instance, energy-saving and green features recommended by the leadership in energy and environmental design (leed) and building environmental assessment method (beam) plus rating systems are adopted in the groups projects. in addition to the use of self-developed pre-fabricated building components, the group also self-contracted for the foundation piling works of its development projects and participated in the manufacturing of glass curtain walls, with the aim to expedite the construction process and minimise disruption to neighbourhoods. all these measures help improve quality and cost efficiency by reducing construction waste and manpower. furthermore, with a large number of projects under development, the group has implemented a series of measures, such as bulk purchases of building materials and outsourcing to more well-qualified sub-contractors, to further reduce construction costs by economies of scale.
one of the groups utmost priorities is the site safety of its workforce. as a result of its focus on preparedness and training, the groups construction accident rate is significantly lower than the industry average in hong kong. numerous accolades, including the considerate contractors site award, proactive safety award and safety merit award, were received during the year under review in recognition of the groups unwavering commitment to site safety.

the groups property management companies, namely, hang yick properties management limited, well born real estate
management limited and goodwill management limited,
manage in total over 80,000 apartments and industrial commercial units, 10 million square feet of shopping and office space, as well as 20,000 car parking spaces in hong kong and mainland china.
the group places emphasis on property management and customer services for all of its property developments.
the property management subsidiaries strive to provide comfortable and hassle-free living for residents and tenants through comprehensive customer support, including cleaning and security services as well as an array of value-added services such as landscaping and other home convenience assistance.
the groups commitment to service excellence has also been extended to its property developments in mainland china.
hengbao huating in guangzhou received the designation as leading enterprise for maintaining stability and social order in duobao district 2015, in addition to winning the accolade of guangdong province enterprise of observing contract and valuing credit for four consecutive years.
in keeping with the groups commitment on home.
where love resides., these property management subsidiaries are always on the frontline to offer care to the public at large, with the intention of creating a better living environment for the people in hong kong. following the success of the preceding year of senior, the property management team launched the year of youth so as to raise public awareness of the holistic development of the next generation. their volunteer team won the highest service hour award championship in december 2016, setting a new record by achieving this top honour for the eleventh year.

in the first half of 2016, destocking was the main theme in the real estate sector and the central government promulgated a series of relaxation policies, such as the lowering of downpayment proportion, alleviation of tax charges as well as easing of credit. certain cities also rolled out stimulus measures, in accordance with their own conditions, to tackle excessive stock. boosted by an easing monetary condition and competitive bids in land auctions, housing prices in the popular cities surged rapidly. in the latter half of the year, the adoption of differentiated policies became more evident.
on the one hand, control measures such as restrictions on property purchases and lending were implemented in popular cities along with other regulatory measures to again curb speculative demand from investors. on the other hand, destocking strategies persisted in the third or fourth-tier cities, improving the market condition from both demand and 
as the property market regained momentum, the group during the year achieved attributable contracted sales of development properties of approximately hk$8,472 million in value and 7.9 million square feet in attributable gross floor area, representing a year-on-year increase of 16% and 8% respectively. riverside park and henderson cifi city in suzhou, the arch of triumph in changsha, amber garden and henderson cifi centre in shanghai, emerald valley in nanjing, grand lakeview in yixing, as well as la botanica in xian were the major revenue contributors.
in order to improve its performance from property development, the group enhanced its co-operation with mainland property developers so that it could contribute its experience in property development, brand recognition and financial know-how, whilst mainland developers could expedite the development progress with lower construction costs. during the year under review, the group stepped up its co-operation with cifi holdings (group) co. ltd. (cifi) and pursuant to the agreements signed in september and december 2016, cifi will participate in the development of the groups existing projects located in suzhou, yixing and changsha. at 31 december 2016, the group had approximately 3.7 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed property stock. the group also held a development land bank in 14 cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about 91.0 million square feet, of which around 75% were planned for residential development.

the group actively targets prime commercial sites designated for office usage in particular with good development potential in the core areas of major cities with the intention for them to be added to its rental portfolio for the purpose of longterm investment. in january 2017, the group replenished its core rental property land bank and acquired an office commercial site in the southern extension of huangpu river, xuhui district, shanghai. with a total developable area of approximately 960,000 square feet, it is planned to be developed into an office tower with a gross floor area of about 860,000 square feet, plus commercial space with a gross floor area of about 100,000 square feet. together with an adjacent land lot acquired in july 2015, this will become a large-scale 
the group decided to dispose of certain non-core investment properties, particularly those projects completed earlier with certain portions already sold. by the end of 2016, the group entered into an agreement for the disposal of certain non-core properties, namely the henderson centre shopping mall and its car parking spaces in beijing, at about hk$3,261 million (subject to adjustment). the disposal was completed in february 2017. after the disposal of the henderson centre shopping mall and its car parking spaces in beijing, the group had at the end of december 2016 about 6.4 million square feet of completed investment properties in mainland china. despite the 6% year-on-year depreciation of the renminbi against the hong kong dollar, the groups attributable gross rental income dropped by 3% to hk$1,700 million, whilst its attributable pretax net rental income decreased by 0.3% to hk$1,349 million during the year under review.
in beijing, world financial centre is an international grade-a office complex in the chaoyang commercial business district and its leasing rate was 96% by the year end of 2016, with many leading multinational corporations and financial institutions such as marubeni (china), citic financial leasing and state street bank newly committed as its tenants. in shanghai, henderson metropolitan atop nanjing road east subway station won the excellent property management showcase award during the year under review. its shopping mall, which was over 98% let at the end of december 2016, is planning to house more sports retailers and gourmet restaurants so as to enrich the shopping experience for its customers and boost business turnover for its retail tenants.
the office tower of henderson 688 at nanjing road west also performed well with its leasing rate at 98% at the end of december 2016. 2 grand gateway atop the xujiahui subway station was over 90% let at the year end of 2016.
greentech tower and centro near shanghai railway station performed satisfactorily and their leasing rates were 98% and 97% respectively at the year end of 2016.
in guangzhou, hengbao plaza atop the changshou road subway station is the retail hotspot in town, boasting a wide array of fashion boutiques and dining outlets. the renowned fashion brand uniqlo opened for business in the second quarter of 2016, whilst maxvalu, the supermarket subsidiary of aeon company limited of japan, is also set to open in 2017. the group will continue to bring in leading brands and realign the tenant mix so as to further reinforce the market position of this mall.
with its properties in many major cities on the mainland, the group is considered by many retailers as the preferred partner for launching nationwide promotional programmes.
for instance, wooderful life, a famous music box maker from taiwan, opened pop-up stores in world financial centre in beijing, hengbao plaza in guangzhou, as well as henderson metropolitan in shanghai, selling its exclusive music boxes and launching various workshops during the year under review. this promotional campaign received overwhelming responses, followed by extensive publicity from the media.
the group is committed to optimising its mainland rental portfolio in future. the xu hui riverside project in shanghai, which was acquired in july 2015, will be developed as a landmark comprising a grade-a office building with an aggregate gross floor area of approximately 1,800,000 square feet and a shopping mall with an aggregate gross floor area of approximately 200,000 square feet. together with its neighbouring officecommercial site, which was purchased in january 2017 with a total developable area of approximately 960,000 square feet, this large-scale investment property will become a bright spot in xu hui riverside development area upon completion. in the yuexiu district of guangzhou, haizhu square station project will be another iconic integrated development, sitting on the banks of the pearl river with a future direct connection to two subway lines.
construction of this development has already commenced. it will boast two office towers with gross floor areas totalling 900,000 square feet and a shopping mall with a gross floor area of about 800,000 square feet.
henderson investment limited (hil) hils profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2016 amounted to hk$100 million.
profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year, which included a one-off gain of hk$355 million arising from the final arbitral award in relation to the toll fee collection right of hangzhou qianjiang third bridge, was hk$449 million. excluding the financial effects of this one-off item, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year amounted to hk$94 million. hils profit attributable to equity shareholders of hk$100 million for the year ended 31 december 2016 represented an increase of hk$6 million, or 6%, over the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year.
hil operates a department store business under the name of citistore in six densely-populated residential districts (namely, tsuen wan, yuen long, ma on shan, tseung kwan o, tai kok tsui and tuen mun). the stores aim to provide customers with one-stop shopping convenience through a vast selection of merchandise at reasonable and competitive prices. in order to provide customers with a better and more comfortable shopping experience, in january 2017 the ma on shan citistore was relocated to operate at another spot in the same shopping mall.
hil launched various initiatives to raise the attractiveness of its department stores, as well as the market awareness of the citistore brand. for instance, citizens edit, a fashion concept store and ctbeatz, a cultural and creative platform, were both introduced in its ma on shan store, offering a fresh shopping experience to customers. by sourcing branded apparel from around the world, citizens edit satisfied the needs of young, style-savvy urbanites with limited editions of signature items. ctbeatz organised various creative events and workshops (ranging from wine tasting to food and handicrafts production) thereby enriching their customers product knowledge and lifestyle experience. in addition, citistore continued to leverage the power of social media platforms (such as facebook and instagram) to showcase and promote its products and brands, whilst an online shopping platform, oncitinet, was also unveiled in april 2016 so as to expand the brands market coverage and provide greater flexibility for its shoppers through diversified consumption 
affected by the declining inbound tourist spending and dwindling local consumer sentiment, the value of total retail sales in hong kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with a year earlier. nevertheless, by offering affordable household necessities, citistore recorded only a slight year-on-year decrease of 0.7% in total sales proceeds (which were derived from the sales of own goods, as well as from concessionaire and consignment sales) compared with the previous year.
during the year under review, citistores sales of own goods decreased by 2% to hk$434 million with the gross margin slightly lowered from 36% to 35% due to intensified price competition in the retail market. the household & toys category contributed approximately 52% of the total revenue from sales of goods, the apparels category contributed approximately 33% and the balance of approximately 15% came from the categories of food and cosmetics.
citistores concessionaire sales are conducted by licensing portions of shop spaces to its concessionaires to use for their own counters to sell their products, whilst consignment sales comprise the sales of consignors own products on or in designated shelves, areas or spaces. citistore charges these concessionaire and consignment counters on the basis of revenue sharing or basic rent (if any), whichever is higher, as its rental income. during the year under review, the total rental income derived from these concessionaire and consignment counters remained stable at hk$430 million, despite a slight decrease of 0.3% to hk$1,446 million in the total sales proceeds generated from these counters.
in view of a decline in aggregate sales proceeds, citistore maintained its business performance by strengthening its controls over all expenditure. as a result, citistore recorded a decrease in its total operating expenses even after taking into account the ma on shan premises relocation expenses during the year under review. the after-tax profit contribution only decreased by hk$6 million, or 6% to hk$97 million.
overall, after taking into account the interest income generated from the cash proceeds regarding the compensation payment received in 2015 and the overheads of its head office, hils profit attributable to equity shareholders from continuing operation for the year under review amounted to hk$100 million, representing an increase of hk$6 million or 6% over that of hk$94 million (after excluding the above-mentioned one-off gain) for the previous year.
looking ahead, competition among retailers is expected to intensify in hong kong. following the recent successful launch of citizens edit and ctbeatz, hil will roll out more initiatives to improve the overall shopping environment of its stores and offer more quality products to its customers so as to meet their discerning needs. hil will also continue to step up its promotional efforts and cost controls, thereby enabling the sustainable business growth of citistore.

the hong kong and china gas company limited
(hong kong and china gas) profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of hong kong and china gas for the year increased by 0.53% to hk$7,341 million, an increase of hk$39 million compared to 2015.
during the year under review, this group invested hk$6,257 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various existing and new businesses in hong kong and mainland 
town gas business in hong kong
compared to 2015, total volume of gas sales in hong kong for 2016 increased by 1.4% to 28,814 million mj while appliance sales revenue increased by 24.9% to hk$1,634 million with a total of 275,361 sets sold, mainly benefitting from newly completed residential projects. as at the end of 2016, the number of customers was 1,859,414, an increase of 20,153 compared to 2015, slightly up by 1.1%.
utility businesses in mainland china
as at the end of 2016, hong kong and china gas held approximately 64.12% of the total issued shares of towngas china company limited (towngas china; stock code: 1083). towngas china recorded good growth in profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders, amounting to hk$974 million in 2016, an increase of approximately 21% over 2015.
towngas china added two new distributed energy projects to its portfolio in 2016, one based in sichuan province, and the other known as towngas china energy investment (shenzhen) limited. during 2016, moodys investors service maintained its issuer credit rating on towngas china as baa1 with a stable outlook. standard & poors ratings services also upheld their bbb+ long-term corporate credit rating and cna+ long-term greater china regional scale credit rating on towngas china with a stable outlook.
as at the end of 2016, inclusive of towngas china, hong kong and china gas had a total of 131 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 23 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. the total volume of gas sales for these projects in 2016 was approximately 17,140 million cubic metres, an increase of 10.3% over 2015. as at the end of 2016, hong kong and china gass mainland gas customers stood at approximately 23.1 million, an increase of 11% 
anhui province natural gas development co. ltd., an associated company of hong kong and china gas, was listed on the shanghai stock exchange on 10 january 2017.
as a large-scale integrated operator, its core business is the construction and operation of long-haul natural gas pipelines in anhui province, alongside a downstream distribution business.
construction of this groups natural gas storage facility in underground salt caverns in jintan district, changzhou city, jiangsu province, is in progress. upon completion, this facility will be the first of its kind developed by a city-gas enterprise on the mainland. total storage capacity will be approximately 460 million standard cubic metres. completion of phase one of this project, with a storage capacity of 150 million standard cubic metres, is expected during the second quarter of 2017.
hong kong and china gass development of natural gas vehicular refilling stations in mainland china, under the brand name towngas, is progressing well with 109 stations now spread across different provinces to date. apart from this, this group is also proactively developing refilling projects for marine vessels and is currently investing in a joint venture project, with six refilling sites, for barges along the yangtze river in jiangsu province. this is the countrys first, and largest project in terms of number of refilling sites, along this river. in september 2013, the joint venture constructed and put into service the countrys first floating lng refilling 
hong kong and china gas has entered into the mainland water market under the brand name hua yan water for over 11 years and currently invests in, and operates, six water projects. these include water supply joint venture projects in wujiang district, suzhou city, jiangsu province and in wuhu city, anhui province; wholly-owned water supply projects in zhengpugang xin qu, maanshan city and in jiangbei xin qu, wuhu city, both in anhui province; and an integrated water supply and wastewater treatment joint venture project, together with an integrated wastewater treatment joint venture project for a special industry, both in suzhou industrial park, suzhou city, jiangsu province. in addition, this group is constructing a plant in suzhou industrial park to handle 500 tonnes of food waste, green waste and landfill leachate daily for conversion into natural gas, oil products, solid fuel and fertilizers, under the hua yan water brand; commissioning is expected in the third quarter of 2018 and will be its first project converting waste into high-value products.
emerging environmentally-friendly energy

hong kong and china gass development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses in mainland china, through its wholly-owned subsidiary eco environmental investments limited and the latters subsidiaries (collectively known as eco), is progressing steadily.
ecos major businesses in hong kong an aviation fuel facility, dedicated liquefied petroleum gas (lpg) vehicular refilling stations and landfill gas utilisation projects all operated smoothly in 2016. with a total turnover of approximately 6.2 million tonnes in 2016, ecos aviation fuel facility contributed to ecos steady profit growth.
ecos lpg vehicular refilling station business had a steady operation and satisfactory profit in 2016. ecos landfill gas project in the north east new territories, after operating for several years, has been generating noticeable environmental benefits. ecos development of a south east new territories landfill gas utilisation project is also progressing smoothly, with commissioning expected to start in the first half of 2017.
with international oil prices creeping low during most of 2016, annual output of ecos oilfield project in thailand fell to 1.37 million barrels, causing a significant impact on profit.
ecos networks of natural gas refilling stations are gradually taking shape in provinces and autonomous regions including shaanxi, inner mongolia, ningxia, shandong, shanxi,
jiangsu, henan and liaoning. all in all, eco currently has 62 refilling stations in operation, under construction or at the 
the plant located in zhangjiagang city, jiangsu province can upgrade approximately 220,000 tonnes of palm acid oil, a lowquality inedible bio-oil, into high-value oleic acids and other chemical products each year. construction is expected to be completed and ready for trial production by the third quarter of 2017. in addition, construction of a project in xuzhou city, jiangsu province to produce lng by methanation of coke oven gas has been largely completed; trial production is expected to commence in the first half of 2017.
ecos research and development team has successfully developed a world leading approach on pyrolysis and hydrolysis technologies, which can convert agricultural and forestry waste into high-value syngas and green block chemicals, such as furfural and levulinic acid. to this end, eco has launched a pilot project in hebei province with trial production expected to start in the second half of 2017.
ecos coal chemical project in ordos city, inner mongolia autonomous region, operated smoothly during 2016 yielding over 310,000 tonnes of methanol. works to upgrade and optimise the facility to convert methanol into natural gasoline are progressing as planned. additionally, eco has launched a new project to convert 40% of the coal-based syngas into 120,000 tonnes of higher-valued ethylene glycol, with trial production targeted to start before the end of 2017.
overall, inclusive of projects of towngas china, hong kong and china gas had 241 projects on the mainland, as at the end of 2016, 19 more than at the end of 2015, spread across 26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. these projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water sectors, efficient energy applications and exploration and utilisation of emerging environmentallyfriendly energy, as well as telecommunications.

hong kong and china gas established a medium term note programme in 2009. medium term notes totalling hk$1,328 million, with maturity ranging from 10 to 12 years, were issued during 2016. at 31 december 2016, the amount of medium term notes issued had reached hk$11,900 million with tenors ranging from 10 to 40 years, with an average fixed interest rate of 3.6% and an average tenor of 15.5 years.
hong kong ferry (holdings) company limited (hong kong ferry) hong kong ferrys consolidated profit after taxation for the year ended 31 december 2016 amounted to approximately hk$237 million, an increase of 23% as compared with the profit after taxation of hk$193 million last year. during the year under review, its profit was mainly derived from the sale of the residential units of metro6, green code and shining heights.
during 2016, the profit of hong kong ferry from the sale of metro6, green code and shining heights amounted to hk$129 million. the numbers of unsold units of metro6 and green code were 6 and 7 respectively at the year end. the sale of harbour park was satisfactory and 145 units were sold during the year, representing 90% of the total number of units.
the gross rental income from the commercial arcades of hong kong ferry amounted to approximately hk$89 million. as at the end of 2016, the occupancy rate of commercial podium of metro6 was 97% and the commercial arcades of shining heights and the spectacle were fully let. the occupancy rate of commercial arcades of metro harbour view was 98%. the committed tenancy of green code plaza was 84%.
hong kong ferry through its 50%50% joint venture with empire group holdings limited owned by dr walter kwok ping sheung successfully acquired the land for residential use at tuen mun town lot no. 547 located at castle peak road, castle peak bay, area 48, tuen mun, new territories, for hk$2,708.8 million in august last year. it faces gold coast at the front and harrow international school hong kong at the back. the land is of a site area of 165,766 square feet and a gross floor area of approximately 663,000 square feet. the accommodation value of approximately hk$4,100 per square foot is relatively low as compared with the subsequent tender of land in the vicinity. the preliminary design and preparation works of the project are in progress to build approximately 1,800 condominiums by phases in six years.
during the year under review, the ferry, shipyard and related operations recorded a profit of hk$14 million, similar to that of last year.
during the year under review, the travel operation recorded a loss of hk$7.9 million. but hong kong ferry recorded a one-off profit of hk$4.6 million upon disposal of the travel operation to miramar travel limited in october 2016.
during the year, a loss of hk$7 million in securities investment was recorded mainly due to the impairment loss on securities investment in excess of the income from and disposal gain of securities.
the proceeds from the sale of the remaining units of metro6 and green code will be the main source of income of hong kong ferry in 2017.
miramar hotel and investment company, limited

miramars revenue for the financial year ended 31 december 2016 amounted to hk$3,118 million, representing a slight decrease of 4% compared to hk$3,251 million for the last financial year. miramars investment property portfolio recorded a net increase in fair value of hk$723 million to stand at hk$13,402 million, representing an increase of 6% as compared to that in 2015. benefitting from a net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, the profit attributable to shareholders increased by 4% year-on-year to approximately hk$1,277 million. excluding the effects of one-off gain of the sale of no.6 knutsford terrace and the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, the underlying profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 4% to approximately 
miramars hotels and serviced apartments recorded a revenue of hk$638 million, and ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation) amounted to hk$228 million, representing a decline of approximately 5%. the mira hong kong and mira moon, which are both members of the design hotels network, participated in the starwood preferred guest (spg) programme, a world-renowned hotel and resort programme. this has successfully expanded their global reach and enriched their customer bases with overseas business and high-end customers. it has also increased the renown of this groups hotels in the international market, which helped enhance its customer mix and elevated overall business performance.
for the 492-room the mira hong kong, its average occupancy and room rates slightly dropped in 2016. the management proactively review its operational processes to reduce overlapping procedures and streamline its manpower deployment, which successfully reduced its manpower costs by 3%. for the 91-room mira moon, its average occupancy and room rates remained stable in 2016 compared to the previous year, while its food and beverage business achieved satisfactory growth. located in the gubei residential area of the hongqiao district in shanghai, miramar apartments operations remained satisfactory. during the year, other than those units undergoing refurnishing and tenant changes, the apartments were continually fully occupied.
miramars property rental business remained solid in 2016, with a revenue of hk$829 million and an ebitda of hk$724 million, which were largely flat compared to the previous year.
miramar tower and miramar shopping centre are its key rental properties with a total of 1,000,000 square feet of floor area.
the mira hong kong, its flagship hotel, sits adjacent to these properties and provides excellent conference venues.
miramar tower is an 18-storey, grade-a office building with a floor area of approximately 38,000 square feet per floor. during the year, it successfully attracted more semi-retail tenants, which now account for over 20% of the office space. both the per-squarefoot rent and occupancy rates for miramar shopping centre, which is a 500,000-square-foot shopping hub, have remained at levels similar to last year. mira mall features 4 storeys of retail spaces. during the year, several promotional events aimed at drawing crowds were launched, including the kirin ichiban summer feast and hong kongs first-ever shopping mall music festival, which incorporated live music performances and an original handcraft fair; these helped heat up the malls feverish summer atmosphere. an interactive christmas game also brought a special scandinavian ambiance to the shopping mall during the christmas shopping season. thanks to these promotional events, its retail spaces saw a rise of 8% in their average yearly pedestrian traffic, which boosted tenants sales revenue. in 2017, miramar will continue to integrate miramar shopping centre and mira mall, affording customers a more comprehensive shopping and leisure experience.
miramar recorded a revenue of hk$448 million from its food and beverage business, approximately the same as last year, with ebitda declined to hk$42 million. for its restaurants, customer visits decreased slightly, while consumption per capita remained steady. its chinese restaurants like cuisine cuisine and tsui hang village showed remarkable performance. miramar also launched traditional delicacies in 2016, such as glutinous rice cakes and moon cakes, which were adored by customers.
impeded by hong kongs slowing economy, its travel business showed unsatisfactory performance in the first half of the year.
however, the second half saw a turnaround. the revenue was hk$1,198 million for the whole year. the ebitda declined to hk$30 million. miramar completed the acquisition of hyfco travel agency limited in 2016, which brought in a revenue of 
the group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles. at 31 december 2016, net debt (including the shareholders loan totalling hk$316 million (31 december 2015: hk$1,185 million)) amounted to hk$33,434 million (31 december 2015: hk$40,317 million) giving rise to a financial gearing ratio of 12.7% (31 december 2015: 16.0%).
during the financial year, substantial increase in cash inflow was recorded resulting from sales and pre-sales of development projects as well as en-bloc sale of a sizeable investment property of the group. the group repaid a hk$10,000 million five-year syndicated term loanrevolving credit facility and also medium term notes of four-year and five-year for an aggregate amount of s$400 million.
furthermore, since the beginning of 2017, the group has repaid the five-year unrated public bonds for a total amount of us$700 million. a hk$6,900 million four-year syndicated term loan revolving credit facility was also fully prepaid as the group increased more bi-lateral revolving credit banking facilities.
in light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past years, the group has concluded interest rate swap contracts for certain medium and long-term periods. such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the groups borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates. it is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the group in the long run.

the global economy is now fraught with many uncertainties.
these include the impacts on global trade and interest rate movement brought about by the future policies of the new president of the united states, as well as the prospects of the united kingdom after brexit. hong kong, however, is set to draw persistent liquidity flow into the territory on the back of its position as a comprehensive international financial centre and its relatively stable currency. this, coupled with the solid housing demand from local residents, should hopefully lend support to hong kongs property market.
as regards property sales, following the recent successful launch of eden manor and mega cube, the group plans to embark on sales launches of four residential projects and two commercialoffice developments in this financial year. together with the unsold stocks, a total of about 2,600 residential units and 600,000 square feet of quality commercialoffice space in hong kong will be available for sale in 2017. meanwhile, there are currently 39 urban redevelopment projects with 80% to 100% of their ownership acquired, representing about 3.8 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area, which are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2018 or beyond. the group also has a reserve of new territories land of about 44.8 million square feet, the largest holding among all property developers in hong kong. the groups efforts to replenish its land bank on all fronts in the past has yielded a good harvest and it has now managed to secure a stable supply of land for property development over the long term, allowing the sustainable growth of its property sales business.
turning to mainland china, it is anticipated that the two basic principles of destocking and facilitating the sustainable and healthy development of the property market will remain unchanged in 2017. notwithstanding that the market regulatory measures targeting the first and second tier popular cities will persist, the property markets of these cities will show a steady development in light of limited new housing supply. the group will continue to look for development projects in the first-tier cities, as well as those second-tier cities with high growth potential, so as to expand its land bank. co-operation with local property developers will also be enhanced so as to propel the groups business development.
following the completion of the disposal of golden centre at hk$4,368 million in december 2016, a number of other non-core investment properties and hotels (including the shopping mall and car parking spaces at henderson centre in beijing, as well as the shops at fairview height in mid-levels and two hotel properties, namely, newton place hotel in kwun tong and newton inn in north point, all in hong kong) were sold successively in recent months. total proceeds of about hk$7,024 million arising from such disposals are expected to be recognised in the accounts in 2017.
as regards rental business, the groups aggregate gross rental income (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) amounted to hk$8,240 million during the year under review. many sizeable rental properties are now under development in both hong kong and mainland china. in hong kong, the scheduled completion of the office development at 18 king wah road, north point and the shopping mall at eltanin square mile in 2017 will expand the groups rental portfolio by about 370,000 square feet to about 9.2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area. other rental properties under development (including the commercial project at middle road, tsim sha tsui, and the redevelopment projects at electric road, north point and johnston road, wanchai) are progressing well.
in mainland china, the group at the end of december 2016 had about 6.4 million square feet of completed investment properties, whilst an officecommercial site with a total developable area of about 960,000 square feet in the southern extension of huangpu river, xuhui district, shanghai was acquired in january 2017. together with the adjacent site acquired earlier, there will be a large-scale integrated development with a total gross floor area of about 3,000,000 square feet. another sizeable rental property, namely haizhu square station project in guangzhou, is also under development.
with a continually expanding rental portfolio in both hong kong and mainland china, the groups recurrent rental income will continue to grow further.
the associates, namely, hong kong and china gas, miramar and hong kong ferry, serve as another stable recurrent income stream to the group. as hong kongs first public utility company, hong kong and china gas has developed into a multi-business corporation comprising 241 projects in 26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in mainland china. with a total of nearly 25 million piped-gas customers in hong kong and mainland china, as well as its expanding scope of businesses, its contributions to the group are promising.
over many years, the group has been sowing by way of acquisition of a massive land bank in the new territories and various old tenement buildings for redevelopment. thus, the group has built up an extensive land bank in hong kong for steady property development over the long term. the continually expanding rental portfolio and the investments in associated companies provide the group with steady recurrent income streams. the group has entered into a harvesting phase, having built a sizeable and valuable asset portfolio and a solid foundation for future growth. double cove in ma on shan, boutique apartments under the h collection series such as eltanin square mile in west kowloon, as well as the urban redevelopment project at king wah road, north point, are manifest examples of the fruitful returns.
recently, land costs in hong kong have risen sharply amid intensifying competition. however, the group has accumulated a sufficient land bank to support its property development for the years to come. with its sizeable assets, ample financial resources, as well as a shrewd and seasoned management team, the group is well placed to capture opportunities to reach new heights and to create better results for the shareholders. barring unforeseen circumstances, the groups results in 2017 will have 
mr lee king yue and dr chung shui ming, timpson, stepped down from their respective positions of executive director and independent non-executive director of the company on 2 june 2016. i would like to express my gratitude to mr lee king yue and dr chung shui ming, timpson for their support, devotion and invaluable contribution to the company during their tenure of office, and in particular to mr lee king yues long services to the board for 40 years. i would also like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their commitment and hard work throughout the year.
lee shau kee

hong kong, 21 march 2017 