the year 2017 marks the 20th anniversary of the handover of hong
kong to the motherland
whose on-going rapid development has provided solid back-up and invaluable opportunities for hong kong.
to our shareholders,
sustainable development of an enterprise is the primary concern of its decision makers. the rapid changes in economic direction, industry structure, technology trends and social circumstance will have unprecedented impact on the enterprise. it might be incidental for an enterprise to survive these challenges. however, it is hardly from mere luck for it to attain new levels against this backdrop, it relies on the vision and execution capabilities of the decision makers.
we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which was opened for us, said alexander graham bell, the renowned entrepreneur credited with patenting the worlds first practical telephone.
in some cases, traditional industries tend to rest on their laurels and do not bother preparing themselves for catching up with the latest innovative, technological and social development as well as further development in other potential areas. not until the industry structure experiences adjustment do they find themselves in a situation between a rock and a 
todays business environment is complicated and everchanging.
life cycle for a business has become even shorter.
whether or not an enterprise can differentiate itself from the peers and establish a solid base for sustainable development depends on its ability to take advantage of the current situation, implement reform to optimise its own vitality through innovative thinking and new resources, effectively handle the transition from old to new, continuously seek breakthroughs and new momentum while adhering to its own corporate culture, and realise its vision to the fullest extent.
since its establishment in 1970, the new world group has been upholding the belief in and passion for providing the market with quality services and products. its bold quests for innovation and flexible application of technologies translate into the unique living experience and lifestyle offered to the stakeholders under the brand of new world.
the year 2017 marks the 20th anniversary of the handover of hong kong to the motherland whose on-going rapid development has provided solid back-up and invaluable opportunities for hong kong. the central government will continue to support hong kong in playing an important role in the implementation of such major development strategies as the belt and road initiative, the construction of the guangdonghong kong-macau bay area and the internationalisation of renminbi, providing an endless stream of new impetuses and opportunities for the local economy and its development.
the new world group has high expectations on the future development of hong kong and mainland china. the group will continue to streamline its business and organisation structure, take on future challenges proactively and optimistically, leveraging on its sustainable corporate culture as well as innovative thinking and operation philosophy, capitalise on opportunities, contribute to the motherland, serve the community and create value for shareholders.
dr. cheng kar-shun, henry

hong kong, 21 september 2017 