economic growth in hong kong and the mainland slowed further in 2016. amidst the generally weak market conditions, the short-term performance of the bank of east asia has suffered. nonetheless, our medium and long-term goals to deliver ever more innovative, efficient and reliable financial services for the greater china market are firmly on track.
in 2016, the bank of east asia group earned a profit attributable to owners of the parent of hk$3.72 billion, representing a decline of hk$1.80 billion, or 32.6%, compared to a profit of hk$5.52 billion in 2015. basic earnings per share stood at hk$1.21.
the board has declared a 2016 second interim dividend of hk$0.28 per share, bringing the dividend for the year to hk$0.56 per share. this represents a dividend pay-out ratio of 46.7%, compared to 46.4% in the previous year.
by maintaining the pay-out level, we are demonstrating our commitment to our shareholders, and our confidence in the medium and long-term prospects of this bank.
notably, across the group, operating income increased by 8.3% in the second half of 2016 compared to the first half, an encouraging sign as we enter 2017.

meeting the challenging operating environment head on, we set clear priorities at the beginning of 2016. at the top of our agenda, we vowed to strengthen oversight of asset quality and implement strict cost control. at the same time, we announced our vision for the 21st century, committing ourselves to a digital banking future.
we have made significant progress in most areas during the year. however, market conditions prevented us from achieving all of our goals.
hong kong asset quality declined, partly due to the fall in the value of the rmb and partly due to other factors.
we are working closely with our clients to assist them to adjust to the changing environment.while the credit situation on the mainland remains difficult, we are hopeful that the position has stabilised.
the gross impaired loan formation rate at bea china has declined year on year. as highlighted last year, we have established a special asset management team to manage and recover the bea china impaired loan portfolio more 
we are reducing our exposure to underperforming sectors of the mainland economy, including wholesale and retail, hotels and manufacturing. in order to further offset risk, we are developing new business opportunities in priority sectors of the economy that are receiving favourable treatment from the central government. we doubled our aggregate loan balance to these priority industries in 
at the start of 2016 we announced a three-year costreduction campaign. we achieved 40% of our three-year plan during the first year, although the cost savings will only be fully reflected in our results in the coming years.
in hong kong, progress has been achieved in three main areas: business realignment, operations excellence and streamlining the branch network. as part of the business realignment exercise, we closed all east asia securities retail outlets and migrated broking clients to our digital, mobile and telephone service channels.
we are actively managing our hong kong deposit base in order to reduce the cost of funding. through targeted marketing, we raised our average current and savings account ratio by some three percentage points during the 
we have also made significant strides in reducing costs at bea china. largely through managed attrition, our mainland subsidiary reduced its workforce by about 10% 
as announced last year, bea china is merging subbranches on the mainland in order to improve branch efficiency. our mainland subsidiary achieved its targets for 2016, combining nine sub-branches. the cost savings will start to become more apparent in 2017, as further rationalisation of the mainland branch network continues.
bea china has also targeted funding costs, lowering the cost of deposits by adjusting its deposit structure.
going forward, bea china will further expand cooperation with internet finance partners in order to reach a larger customer base without the need for substantial fixed investment, and to chart a new growth path for future development in the new economy.

we remain on track to roll out the digital branch model across hong kong by the end of 2017. by embracing digital technology in our branches and by expanding our online services, we have been able to reduce floor space and streamline our branch network while improving services to our customers. moreover, with transactions moved to our digital channels, our staff can spend more time advising clients on financial management, thus increasing product sales and contributing to our goal of earning more fee income.
in the second half of 2017, we will introduce an expanded mobile banking platform in hong kong, incorporating stock trading, enhanced credit-card services and personal loan services. we also plan enhancements to our corporate cyberbanking platform, providing even tighter integration with our clients needs. in addition, we will debut a new online securities trading service for our hong kong private banking customers.

in 2016, our overseas offices benefitted from strong interest in investment in great britain and the united states by local and mainland clients. in 2017, our overseas branches will further enhance collaboration with bea china and the bank groups strategic partners.
more emphasis will be placed on corporate and syndication loans, while we will be selective in advancing retail customer loans.

on 5th october, 2016, the bank announced the disposal of tricor holdings for a cash consideration of hk$6,470 million. the disposal is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2017. this will lead to a notable enhancement in the capital strength of the bank group.
at the end of december 2016, our common equity tier 1 capital ratio stood at 12.1%.

looking ahead, we will redouble our efforts to serve the advanced sectors of the economy and will carry forward our medium and long-term goals by pursuing digital transformation, further improving efficiency, and drawing increased value from our unique china franchise.
for 2017, we aim to increase non-interest income, mainly from treasury, insurance and wealth management 
by enhancing our online services, we aim to become a partner in the daily activities of our customers. our smartphone app will become an ever-more handy tool throughout the day.
we are cautiously optimistic that loan demand will improve in most markets in 2017, even as us interest rates rise. higher interest rates should benefit our business in hong kong, where we are a net lender to the 
barring unforeseen events, we expect asset quality to stabilise in the coming year.
meanwhile, the tightening global regulatory environment will require greater allocation of resources to risk management and compliance, as well as a more conservative attitude to capital planning.
as we navigate this challenging period, we are taking all possible measures to strengthen our franchise.
we are investing time and resources, and leveraging our unique china platform, in order to meet the increasingly sophisticated needs of retail and corporate 
in closing, i take great pleasure in thanking our banks board of directors and the directors of our subsidiaries and associated companies for their invaluable advice and support during the past year. i also thank the management and staff of bea for their commitment, and i look forward to further progress in achieving our strategic goals during the coming year.
the support of our overseas banking partners, in particular caixabank and sumitomo mitsui banking corp, provides us with a competitive advantage in the marketplace, and i am very grateful to them for their close cooperation with us. i also extend my grateful thanks to our shareholders and customers for their longstanding loyalty and confidence in this bank.
david li kwok-po
chairman & chief executive hong kong, 17th february, 2017 