in 2016, affected by uncertainties, the global economy managed only overall average performance. as for our two core markets, china, with her economy adjusting to the new norm, recorded a decrease in gross domestic product growth from 6.9% in 2015 to 6.7% in 2016, and the gdp growth of vietnam was also down from 6.7% in 2015 to 6.2% in 2016, dampened by the weak performance of the agricultural, mining and petroleum sectors during the year.
in 2016, china took the supply-side reform of her agri-food sector to a greater depth, putting more emphasis on quality, efficiency and competitiveness. efforts were made on lifting quality and productivity, reducing overcapacity, cutting excess inventory, lowering production cost, strengthening weak areas, etc. the feed sector is in a new era facing a more competitive market with consolidation hastening.
against this backdrop, it is more and more important that agri-food enterprises know how to use innovative technologies to help them boost productivity, reduce costs and deliver differentiated services that can help increase customer stickiness. in vietnam, natural disasters, including drought and salt water intrusion, have had widespread impact on her agri-food industry. wanting to adapt to extreme weather changes and enhance the productivity of the entire agri-food chain, recent hot topics of the industry are the needs to improve product quality, adopt advanced technologies and scale-up production. c.p. pokphand co. ltd. and its subsidiaries (the group) values research and development, stresses on using innovative technologies and continues to increase production efficiency. the group strives to provide high-quality products and value-added services to customers.
while china and vietnam focus more on environmental protection, governments are introducing stricter environmental protection and anti-pollution regulations to keep industry development in check. in this current industry environment, green production and sustainable development have become the trend to follow. many multinational enterprises have integrated environment protection and sustainable development into their corporate culture, making big strides on energy conservation and emission reduction and striving to nip the problem in the bud thereby aiming to ensure high-standard and efficient product supply, product safety and friendliness to the environment all at the same time. to align with the livestock farming industry taking on a new and more rational structure and heeding ecological requirements, agricultural enterprises have continued to transform and upgrade their practices, pushing to realise ecological livestock farming. as the group has long abided by stringent requirements on environmental protection, it will be able to effectively grasp the opportunities arising as china and vietnam continue to push for modernisation and large-scale farming.
aspiring to become the kitchen of the world, the group has been dedicated to building an operation that covers the entire agri-food value chain, allowing assurance of food safety right where it all begins.
consumers increasingly sophisticated demand gives enterprises an environment conducive to business development. developing countries are seeing their traditional industries advance towards midto high-end production, and that accordingly commands the industry to streamline and tighten its operating and management mechanisms.
the group always embraces innovation and high operating standards, and is dedicated to creating sustainable value. in addition, the favourable external environment will see the groups safe and delicious agri-food business achieve continuous growth. the group has years of industry experience and possesses advanced technologies, together with effective integration of external and internal resources, as well as development plans and customer needs, the group aims to fortify its competitiveness and maintain its market leadership.
looking at 2017, the group would adapt to the new environment, leverage its advantages, embrace changes and persist with innovation so as to maintain its premium standing in the agri-food industry.
finally, i would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all members in our team for their efforts and contributions to the group in the past year. my gratitude also goes to our shareholders for their unwavering trust and support over the years.

hong kong, 24 february 2017 