i am pleased to report to shareholders that the group achieved profit attributable to owners of the company of hk$1,961 million for the financial year ended 30 june 2017. the groups total revenue for the year amounted to hk$6,590 million, 29% less than the previous years figure primarily due to the decrease in property sales recognition of the avenue. the groups core profit (excluding the fair value gain of completed investment properties) attributable to owners of the company (core profit) decreased to hk$1,334 million for the year under review from hk$1,417 million for the previous year. the decrease in the core profit was mainly resulted from a lower profit shared from sales of the avenue for the year. if excluding the profit shared from sales of the avenue, the core profit for the year increased by 32% yoy to hk$1,304 million from hk$990 million, mainly resulted from the continued healthy growth of the profits of investment properties, toll road business and property development of the hopewell new town project as well as a lower exchange loss from rmb depreciation.
final dividend and special final dividend
the board has proposed a final dividend of hk75 cents per share and a special final dividend of hk45 cents per share for the year ended 30 june 2017. together with an interim dividend of hk55 cents per share paid on 22 february 2017, the total dividends for the year will amount to hk175 cents per share. excluding the special final dividend of hk45 cents per share, this represents a payout ratio of 85% of the companys core profit.
subject to shareholders approval at the 2017 annual general meeting to be held on thursday, 26 october 2017, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on tuesday, 7 november 2017 to shareholders of the company registered at the close of business on wednesday, 1 november 2017.
closure of register of members
to ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 annual general meeting to be held on thursday, 26 october 2017, the register of members of the company will be closed from thursday, 19 october 2017 to thursday, 26 october 2017, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the company will be effected. in order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2017 annual general meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the companys share registrar, computershare hong kong investor services limited at shops 1712-1716, 17th floor, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, wan chai, hong kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on wednesday, 18 october 2017.
to ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, the register of members of the company will be closed for one day on wednesday, 1 november 2017, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2017 annual general meeting. no transfer of shares of the company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. to qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the companys share registrar, computershare hong kong investor services limited at shops 1712-1716, 17th floor, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, wan chai, hong kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on tuesday, 31 october 2017.

during the year under review, global economic and political uncertainties continued to weigh on the world economy. the us interest rate hike cycle, the new presidency of the us, and brexit have casted doubt to the recovery of global economy.
on the contrary, the prc economy continued to grow healthily. proactive fiscal and monetary policies were implemented by the prc government to boost domestic consumption and largescale infrastructure investments to support the local economy, which achieved gdp growth of 6.7% in 2016, within the governments target range of 6.5% to 7.0%. such growth momentum carried over to the first and second quarters of 2017, with gdp growth rates both reaching 6.9%.
the hong kong economy continued to grow under the backdrop of low unemployment rate, stabilization of the retail sales and improvement in visitor arrivals. the weakening of rmb in 2015 to 2016 encouraged prc firms to invest in hong kong which also fostered hong kongs economic 
investment properties and hospitality
total revenue from investment properties and hospitality businesses grew 3% yoy to hk$1,614 million during the year under review, recording a 6% five-year compound annual growth rate during fy13 to fy17. despite the challenging commercial leasing environment, the groups investment properties performance was stable which was mainly driven by the retail assets. the hospitality business improved with overall revenue increasing slightly as room revenue of panda hotel grew 2% yoy.

as at 30 june 2017, 1,275 residential units of the avenue were all sold with average selling price of hk$22,600 per sq.ft. the new high-net-worth residents from the avenue have benefited the groups retail tenants in the area. the lee tung avenue, which is the retail portion of the avenue, is now a famous dining and shopping rendezvous. not only has it enlarged the groups rental property portfolio, but also created a new retail neighborhood to realise the synergy effect with the groups other properties in the area.
site formation work of hopewell centre ii is in progress. due to the recent adoption of a new excavation and foundation scheme to improve the overall design and enhance the structural integrity of hopewell centre ii, time to complete the site formation and foundation works for hopewell centre ii will be prolonged. as a result, the present target opening of hopewell centre ii will be deferred to year 2021. in august 2017, the town planning board approved the 2017 scheme of hopewell centre ii. the new approved scheme will enhance the pedestrian connectivity in wan chai south. under current planning, this will have no impact on the construction progress. a road improvement scheme and a green park which will open to the public will be completed alongside this project. the road improvement scheme will improve the areas traffic flow and enhance pedestrian safety, while the green park will provide a venue for public recreation and enjoyment.
the ongoing redevelopment in the district is expected to bring significant changes to wan chai.
the group has expanded the 155-167 qre project into 153-167 qre project through an application for compulsory sale for redevelopment (by auction) made in march 2017. the project will be developed into a commercial property and expected to commence operation in 2022.
in order to realise the redevelopment potential of hill side terrace cluster and to preserve nam koo terrace, the group proposed that the grade l historical building at nam koo terrace will be restored and preserved and a residential building with open space provision will be developed.
resubmission of the preservation cum development plan to town planning board is pending.
the group believes the assembly of such amalgamation properties into sites has the potential to generate attractive investment returns and the group will continue to seek strategic investments in the district in order to create synergy between its existing and future development in the area.

the average daily toll revenue and average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the gs superhighway increased by 6% and 8% yoy to rmb9.2 million and 99,000 vehicles respectively, indicating that growth momentum is persistent. the average daily toll revenue and average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the western delta route reached historical high and grew 15% and 17% yoy to rmb3.4 million and 47,000 vehicles respectively.

the group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. it has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in hong kong and the prc. moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. the group has established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a sustainability steering committee to strengthen its managements efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and 
to demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the company will continue to issue an independently verified sustainability report under the global reporting initiative (gri) g4 sustainability reporting framework and the environmental, social and governance (esg) reporting guide of the stock exchange. the report will present its company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the group and its jvs.

given the volatile global market environment, recovery of the world economy has been slower than expected. the rise of protectionism and de-globalisation around the globe, policies under the new us presidency, the pace of us interest rate hike, the unclear brexit process, and upcoming elections across europe will all impact the growth of global economy. the group will closely monitor the evolving market environment and be prepared to face various challenges ahead.
in view of the unstable global economic environment, the prc government continues to transform structurally to a consumption-driven, innovative, technology-advanced and environmentallysustainable growth economy. in order to support its initiative to sustain gdp growth, the prc government is striking a balance between restricting credit in speculative buying to curb asset bubbles while supporting the property market with domestic consumption. the governments continuous efforts towards reducing taxes and levies, deepening supply-side structural reform, liberalizing financial services and internationalizing rmb will altogether provide a healthy and steady growth driver to the prc economic development.
the belt and road initiative strategically connects prc, asean, middle east, as well as central and eastern european countries through international co-operation and infrastructure projects. it encourages free flows of information, finance and goods by gradually removing investment and trade barriers. in the long run, it will promote mutual trust and co-development in the areas of economic, finance, transport, tourism, technology and academy which will ultimately result in prosperity of the nations along the regions.
in addition, the strategic regional development scheme guangdong-hong kong-macao bay area (bay area), which was tailor-made by the prc government as part of the 13th five-year plan, is designed to strengthen infrastructure linkages and stimulate economic cooperation among guangdong-hong kong-macao region. it is expected that the gs superhighway and the western delta route can benefit from the fostered economic development. hong kong can leverage on its advantage as an international and domestic financial hub to capitalize the opportunities arising from the belt and road and bay area initiatives. furthermore, the recent admission of hong kong as a new member of the asian infrastructure investment bank will further reinforce its position as a premier international financial centre.
following the setback in inbound tourism of hong kong in 2016, there were some signs of recovery of tourist arrivals recently. on the other hand, more prc companies are investing in the hong kong property market and setting up offices in hong kong. these, together with the local pent-up demand for residential flats, are expected to provide support to the office and residential property markets in hong kong.
for investment properties, the group will continue to pursue proactive enhancement and management of its existing portfolio. the upmarket fashion outlets on gf of e-max was opened in august 2016 and was well-received by the market. the group is expanding the upmarket fashion outlets to b1f and targets to start operation by summer 2018. the group has been working on different plans to increase footfall in e-max, such as the opening of food court on the 2f. in the long run, kitec is expected to benefit from the development of the kai tak new development area, where strong demand from property developers has been seen, that will be developed into a prime area in kowloon east.
the groups major pipeline projects, namely hopewell centre ii, hill side terrace cluster and the 153-167 qre project will generate tremendous synergies with the groups existing properties in wan chai. these, together with the groups existing projects, namely hopewell centre, wu chung house retail shops, gardeneast, qre plaza and lee tung avenue, will form an attractive lifestyle hub drawing in visitation, spending and businesses.
being one of hong kongs largest hotels once completed, hopewell centre ii is set to take advantage of hong kongs limited supply of large-scale premium conference hotels in prime locations. with its comprehensive conference facilities, it is well-positioned to benefit from the lack of one-stop conference venues in hong kong. moreover, when hopewell centre ii opens, the surroundings in wan chai will be further upgraded, which is expected to provide synergies to the groups property portfolio in wan chai. as part of the long-term growth strategy, the group will continue to acquire land that will synergise with its existing property portfolio.
on the infrastructure front, growth momentum of the gs superhighway and the western delta route persists. the western delta route is the most direct and convenient artery in the regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of the prd, including guangzhou, foshan, zhongshan and zhuhai. it offers a convenient access to the hengqin state-level strategic new zone, and via its connection with the forthcoming hzm bridge to hong kong. upon completion of the hzm bridge, traffic flow to and fro hong kong and western prd will be further stimulated. this, together with the strategic bay area initiative, is expected to facilitate the urbanization pace of cities in the western prd region, which will help lift economic growth of the region and benefit the group in the long term.

2017 marks the 45th anniversary of the companys listing on the hong kong stock exchange, i would like to take this opportunity to thank the groups shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. in addition, i would also like to express my gratitude to the managing director, my fellow directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support, and hard work. their contributions have been indispensable for the groups strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
sir gordon ying sheung wu kcmg, fice

hong kong, 16 august 2017 