i am pleased to present the 20152016 annual report to shareholders.
final results for the year ended 30th june, 2016, the group s underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, was hk$5,351.4 million (20142015: hk$5,301.5 million). underlying earnings per share was hk$0.88 (20142015: hk$0.88).

the group s reported net profit attributable to shareholders was hk$7,090.4 million (20142015: hk$9,371.9 million). earnings per share was hk$1.16 (20142015: hk$1.55). the reported profit for the year included a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of hk$1,739.0 million (20142015: hk$4,070.4 million).

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) dividends the directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 38 cents per share in respect of the year ended 30th june, 2016 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on 4th november, 2016. together with the interim dividend of 13 cents per share, the total dividend for the year ended 30th june, 2016 is 51 cents per share.

the directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. the scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the annual general meeting to be held on 28th october, 2016; and (2) the stock exchange of hong kong limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.

a circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be dispatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 10th november, 2016. it is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates for the scrip dividend will be dispatched to shareholders on or about 7th december, 2016.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) (1) sales activities total revenue from property sales for the year ended 30th june, 2016, including property sales of associates and joint ventures recognised by the group, was hk$11,439.4 million (20142015: hk$23,098.6 million).

total revenue from property sales comprises mainly the sales of residential units in dragons range in kau to, mayfair by the sea i and ii in pak shek kok, cluny park at 53 conduit road, botanica bay in lantau and the avenue phase 2 in wan chai and to date, approximately 95%, 99%, 97%, 44%, 88% and 99% of the units in the respective projects have been sold.

during the financial year 20152016, the group launched two new projects for sale, the mediterranean in sai kung and commune modern in fanling and to date, approximately 54% and 98% of the respective projects have in china, 2,158 residential units in the palazzo in chengdu and 503 residential units in dynasty park in zhangzhou were launched for sale during the financial year 20152016. to date, a total of 3,700 residential units in the palazzo and 1,649 residential units in dynasty park have been launched for sale and approximately 69% and 95% of the units in the respective projects have been sold.

(2) land bank as at 30th june, 2016, the group has a land bank of approximately 32.3 million square feet of attributable floor area in hong kong, china, singapore and sydney which comprises a balanced portfolio of properties of which 55.9% is residential; 28.0% commercial; 7.0% industrial; 4.6% car parks and 4.5% hotels. in terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 19.1 million square feet were properties under development, 11.7 million square feet of properties for investment and hotels, together with 1.5 million square feet of properties held for sale. the group will continue to be selective in replenishing its land bank to optimise its earnings potential.

situated in the picturesque southern lantau, botanica bay commands panoramic views of the south china sea. nestled against the lantau peak, the highly exclusive privacy development features lush gardens and landscaping and offers 16 houses crafted to the finest details.

cluny park comprises 27 exquisite flats with layouts ranging from three-bedroom and four-bedroom flats to special units. residents can enjoy the views of victoria harbour or the greenery of victoria peak in addition to easy access to the central sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) business review (continued) (2) land bank (continued) during the year ended 30th june, 2016, the group acquired a site from the hksar government and details of the project are as follows: junction of wang yip street west and hong yip street, tung tau industrial area,
commercial 100% 497,620 subsequent to the financial year 20152016, the group acquired another site from the hksar government in july 2016 and details of the project are fo yin road, pak shek kok,
residential 100% 412,530 sino land company limited was voted the best developer overall in hong kong in addition to being named the best residential developer in hong kong , best retail developer in hong kong , best officebusiness developer in hong kong , best leisure hotel developer in hong kong , best mixed developer in hong kong , best industrialwarehouse developer in hong kong , best advisors & consultants overall and best advisors & consultants for agencyletting in hong kong at the euromoney real estate awards 2015.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) business review (continued) (3) property development during the year ended 30th june, 2016, the group obtained occupation permits for three projects in hong kong and details of the projects are as 1. corinthia by the sea residential 60% 291,936 23 tong yin street, commercial tseung kwan o, 2. riverwalk residential 100% 49,407 6 ngan kwong wan road, commercial 3. paloma bay residential 100% 36,845 18 peng lei road, (4) rental activities for the year ended 30th june, 2016, the group s gross rental revenue, including attributable share from associates and joint ventures, increased 4.0% to hk$3,834.1 million (20142015: hk$3,684.4 million) and net rental income increased 2.8% to hk$3,344.7 million (20142015: hk$3,252.2 million). the increase in rental revenue was mainly due to higher rental rates on renewals. overall occupancy of the group s investment property portfolio was at approximately 97% (20142015: 98%) for the year ended 30th june, 2016.

mayfair by the sea i & mayfair by the sea ii exquisite waterfront projects at pak shek kok overlooking tolo harbour, mayfair by the sea i offers 546 residential units, including 7 houses; mayfair by the sea ii provides 545 residential units, including 5 houses.
the shopping arcade, mayfair lane, provides convenience for residents.

located on the scenic east coast of lantau island and in close proximity to silver mine bay and the mui wo section of the nature heritage trail, riverwalk is set in idyllic surroundings with good accessibility and all needed amenities. the project provides 50 elegantly appointed residences across six three-storey, villa-style blocks replete with modern sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) business review (continued) (4) rental activities (continued) the group s retail portfolio in hong kong recorded rental growth with overall occupancy rate at approximately 97% (20142015: 98%) for the financial year 20152016 mainly due to expiry of leases. two new malls namely mayfair lane in pak shek kok and lee tung avenue in wan chai started operations during the financial year 20152016. the leasing performance of the group s office portfolio saw stable rental growth while overall occupancy rate was at approximately 98% (20142015: 98%) for the year ended 30th june, 2016. the leasing performance of the group s industrial portfolio was steady with occupancy rate at approximately 97% the group s investment property portfolio primarily serves the need of its customers which include tenants, shoppers and the communities around the properties. the design and condition of the properties together with the quality of service provided to customers are of paramount importance.
to ensure that the properties are in good condition with the proper layout and design, the group would perform regular review of the properties.
on service quality, the group places a strong emphasis on regular training particularly for all front-line staff to ensure that the service provided to customers meets their expectations. comments from customers, reports by silent shoppers and recognitions from professional institutions all play a role in assessing the quality of service delivered by the staff.

as at 30th june, 2016, the group has approximately 11.7 million square feet of attributable floor area of investment properties and hotels in hong kong, china, singapore and sydney. of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 62.7%, industrial 15.0%, car parks 12.4%, hotels 7.8%, and residential 2.1%.

in addition to the fullerton hotel singapore, the fullerton bay hotel singapore and conrad hong kong, two more hotels namely, the westin sydney and the olympian hong kong were added to the group s hotel portfolio. during the financial year 20152016, the group completed the acquisition of 50% equity interest in the westin sydney and the development of the olympian hong kong in west kowloon which commenced business operations in march 2016. overall business performance of the group s hotels was slightly affected by soft demand and competitive business environment during the year. the group will continue to improve the quality of its hotel services to ensure our discerning guests have enjoyable experiences during their stays in the hotels.

lee tung avenue lee tung avenue features a 200-metre tree-lined pedestrianised boulevard; greening opportunities have been maximised with a vertical green system, trees transplanted from the old site, new flowering trees as well as a range of hardscape elements, creating a vibrant conveniently located with excellent accessibility, and home to chic bistros, posh international and local brands as well as shops which are used to operate from the neighbourhood, lee tung avenue has quickly become a destination since opening in november 2015 and adds vibrancy to the wan chai district.

the olympian hong kong situated in the heart of west kowloon overlooking victoria harbour, the olympian hong kong provides 32 well-appointed guest rooms and suites and delivers personalised services, including exclusive in-room check-in and chauffeur services. the hotel enjoys an extensive transport network, and is minutes away from the business hub of tsim sha tsui.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) business review (continued) (5) hotels (continued) the fullerton hotel singapore was gazetted as singapore s 71st national monument on 7th december, 2015 by the country s national heritage board. it is the highest form of recognition given to a building for its (6) china business china achieved gdp growth of 6.7% for the first two quarters in 2016 despite a challenging economic environment both domestically and internationally. as china s economy go through a period of rebalancing, shifting from the old drivers of growth to better reforms and economic policy adjustments in areas including household registration system, industrialisation, social welfare, national health services, education and environmental protection. these changes combined will provide greater stability leading to a more sustainable economy.

the property market in china has seen improvements as reflected in the increase in home sales value and volume as well as decreases in inventory levels during the financial year 20152016 mainly due to central government s accommodative housing policies in most cities. the lowering of the home mortgage interest rates and increase in the loan-to-value ratio and availability of credit to home purchasers are all favourable to increase the demand for housing.

the group has three projects in china mainly for residential development with a total of approximately 16.0 million square feet of attributable plot ratio area. these projects are the palazzo in chengdu, dynasty park in zhangzhou and mayfair by the lake in xiamen.

other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the year ended 30th june, 2015.

the palazzo, chengdu situated close to the second ring district in chengdu and near shahe river and tazishan park, this riverfront and landscaped development enjoys excellent accessibility. the development comprises a world-class hotel, grade a offices, a shopping mall and residences, covering a total gross floor area of over 13 million sq. ft.
phase two of the project will offer more than 3,200 residential units.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) finance as at 30th june, 2016, the group had cash and bank deposits of hk$27,441.7 million. after netting off total borrowings of hk$4,442.1 million, the group had net cash of hk$22,999.6 million as at 30th june, 2016. of the total borrowings, none was repayable within one year, 87.0% repayable between one and two years and 13.0% repayable between two and three years. the group s borrowings are subject to floating and fixed interest rates. total assets and shareholders funds of the group were hk$149,058.4 million and hk$122,131.1 the majority of the group s debts are denominated in hong kong dollars and us dollars, with the balance in singapore dollars.
the singapore dollars denominated debts are mainly used to fund the fullerton heritage project in singapore. other than the above- mentioned, there was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the group for the financial year 20152016. the majority of the group s cash are denominated in hong kong dollars with a portion of renminbi, australian dollars and us dollars. the group has maintained a sound financial management policy and foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level.

the group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. with the objective of practising good corporate governance, the group has formed audit, compliance, remuneration and nomination committees. the group is committed to maintaining corporate transparency and disseminates information about new developments through various channels, including press releases, its corporate website, results briefings, site visits and participation in investor conferences.

the group received four awards at the 6th asian excellence awards, namely asia s best cfo (investor relations) , best environmental responsibility , best csr and best investor relations company , in recognition of the group s unwavering commitment to the development of corporate governance, investor relations, csr, business ethics, environmental practices and financial performance.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) customer service the group is committed to building quality projects. in keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, the group will, wherever possible, ensure that attractive design concepts and features are also environmentally friendly for its developments. management conducts regular reviews of the group s properties and service so that improvements can be made on a continuous basis.

as a committed corporate citizen, the group has been actively participating in a wide range of community programmes, voluntary services for charity organisations and events as well as green initiatives to promote sustainability, environmental protection, arts and culture and heritage conservation. in recognition of the group s continuous efforts in promoting sustainability and upholding high standards in environmental, social and corporate governance aspects, the group has been named a constituent company of the hang seng corporate sustainability index series since september 2012. during the financial year 20152016, the group published its sustainability review 2015 which has been prepared with reference to hong kong exchanges and clearing limited s environmental, social and governance reporting guide under appendix 27 to the main board listing the group encourages staff of all levels to serve the community and care for those in needs; this commitment is extended to support staff in joining voluntary service during office hours for at least one day a year. the group is dedicated to playing a part in building a better community through participating in voluntary services and community events, with a strong emphasis on children and youth development for the underprivileged families.

dedicated to promoting arts and culture to enrich the lives of the public, the group initiated sino art in 2006, through which sino art provides local and international artists with opportunities to present their works through exhibitions and related activities at the properties of the group. with the launch of sino art in community in 2013, the group has extended its reach into community facilities such as hospitals, kindergartens and children s homes, where local artists create community art in collaboration with the underprivileged, children and educators.

sino heritage was established in 2011 with the belief that conservation of cultural heritage helps the community build a sense of identity and strengthen relationships in the city. sino heritage identifies and showcases the heritage significance of historical projects in both hong kong and singapore. in march 2008, the ng teng fong family, the major shareholder of the group, set up a non- profit-making organisation, hong kong heritage conservation foundation limited ( hcf ). hcf revitalised and converted the old tai o police station, a grade ii historic building, into a boutique hotel. named tai o heritage hotel ( hotel ), it is home to nine colonial-style rooms and suites, and commenced operation in march 2012. the hotel, operated by hcf as a non-profit-making social enterprise, is part of the hksar government s revitalising historic buildings through partnership scheme . the hotel is one of the winners of the 2013 unesco asia-pacific awards for cultural heritage conservation .

the group has established sino caring friends to encourage staff to regularly participate in volunteer services and support meaningful causes. through volunteer services, staff can grow personally and contribute to the community better.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) prospects with key economic indicators showing a gradual recovery in the us and a more positive outlook of the economy, the federal open market committee in the us approved a quarter-point increase in its target federal funds rate in december 2015 after more than 7 years of accommodative monetary policy. the increase in federal funds rate was well anticipated by the markets and it has sent a positive signal to the market on the future state of the us economy.

in the euro zone, the european central bank increased the size and scope of its quantitative easing ( qe ) programme as well as extending the period of the qe to march 2017. on 23rd june, 2016, britain voted in a referendum to exit the european union, generally known as brexit, casting uncertainty over issues such as trade between britain and the rest of europe, london s status as a world financial capital and the reaction of global financial markets to brexit. until the process of brexit is completed, markets are likely to remain volatile creating more doubt over the recovery of the global economy.

in china, the central government adopted the proposal on formulating the thirteenth five-year plan on national economic and social development (the plan ) in the 5th plenary session of the 18th cpc central committee. the plan focuses on maintaining economic growth and social stability while continuing reform efforts. in terms of economic growth, the plan aims to double gdp and per-capita income by 2020 from the country s base in 2010 with domestic consumption, innovation and technology advancement being the key drivers of growth. in respect of welfare, the plan contains a variety of measures focused on poverty alleviation and extends coverage of urban welfare services to all residents. on the financial sector side, the continuing efforts to liberalise financial services and the internationalisation of renminbi will strengthen the position of the currency in the global financial markets. on the whole, the plan targets to establish a better future for the people in china.

the central government s belt and road initiative aims to connect major asian and european economies through international cooperation, infrastructure developments, trade and investments. the belt and road initiative encourages greater circulation of trade flows and economic cooperation extending towards environmental conservation and protection, removal of investment and trade barriers as well as cultural and academic exchanges. in january 2016, asia infrastructure investment bank commenced operations and together with other supranational financial institutions such as asian development bank and the world bank, loans have been granted by these banks to finance the infrastructure development of the countries along the belt and road. hong kong has a role to play in the belt and road and can cooperate with other core regions of the belt and road to capitalise on this opportunity.

sino land company limited annual report 2016 chairman s statement (continued) prospects (continued) the hong kong property market continues to consolidate as a result of economic and property-related policies. both sales volume and value showed a decrease during the financial year 20152016 when compared to a year ago. the housing policy in the policy address announced on 13th january, 2016 states that there will be a consistent supply of land in hong kong. the hksar government s effort in zoning or rezoning of sites, introducing new development areas and extending new towns should offer a solution to the long-term supply of both residential and commercial property developments.

management will continue to optimise earnings, enhance efficiency and productivity and improve the quality of products and services. in respect of property development and property management, the group will incorporate more environmentally friendly elements in our projects. the group will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and shareholders value. the group s recurrent businesses, which comprise property leasing, hospitality and property management services, continue to contribute stable stream of income. with a good financial position, the group is well-positioned to respond to challenges ahead.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support.
i would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
robert ng chee siong 