results and dividends
for the year ended 31 december 2014, the groups revenue was approximately hk$524.3 million (2013: hk$212.4 million). profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately hk$16.3 million (2013: loss attributable to owners of the company: hk$14.7 million). basic earnings per share were approximately 1.21 hk cents (2013: basic loss per share: 1.14 hk cents).
the board of directors of the company (the directors or the board) does not recommend the payment of a dividend at this time. consequently, no dividend was proposed for the year ended 31 december 2014.
business review and outlook
the year 2014 was an important year for the group to continue its ongoing successes and pave the way for future progress. mr. wong hong king has completed the acquisition of interests in the company during the year and became the controlling shareholder of lvgem (china) real estate investment company limited (lvgem (china)) (formerly known as new heritage holdings ltd.), opening a new chapter in the groups development. adhering to the philosophy of construct the green dream house and led by a visionary management team with practical experience, lvgem (china) has formulated short to long-term development plans after keeping abreast of market trends and conducting acute analysis. these plans aim to accelerate external expansion and optimise the internal corporate management model so as to create new growth drivers for the group.
expanding business presence and accelerating business development in the second half of 2014, a number of cities in mainland china have relaxed or even cancelled the home purchase restriction measures and limits on mortgages. in 2015, the central government has continued to remove the restrictions on the property market to stimulate purchasing power within the market. the group believes that these actions send positive signals about the prospects of the property industry and its own growth. the group has continued to implement its short to long-term development plans, which include expanding its business geographically from suzhou to other cities in southern china, evaluating projects in different regions and increasing land bank in suzhou, shenzhen and other cities in southern china in a timely manner, to lay a solid foundation for the groups sustainable development in the future.
diversifying business and enhancing profitability as for its scope of business, the group will implement diverse strategies to develop andor invest in businesses in addition to residential properties, including quality office buildings, shopping malls, serviced apartments and hotels. through the meticulous planning of the new management team, the group has signed a letter of intent relating to proposed acquisition of a parcel of land and the building project above the parcel in baoan district in shenzhen in october 2014. once the acquisition is confirmed, the project would generate a continuous and stable cash flow and attractive rental income for the group. the project, if acquired, would not only help enhancing the groups profitability and capital accumulation capability but also pave the way for the development of other new projects.
optimising corporate management and improving operational efficiency in order to achieve long-term and stable growth, in the second half of 2014, the group has started to optimise the organisational structure of the management and staff teams in hong kong and suzhou while improving operational efficiency through strengthening internal controls. the group has also updated the electronic financial information system for more timely delivery of management information and the improvement of work efficiency. in addition, the group has strived to improve its cash collection management by measures such as strengthening the cooperation with partnering banks, enhancing the collection of sales revenue, and reinforcing the groups ability in cash flow 
keeping abreast of market developments and identifying outstanding opportunities the group resolves to capitalise on past achievements in order to prepare for a better future in 2015. despite that the property market in china offers rich growth potential under the policy of relaxing credit, the current challenges and risks should not be overlooked. the group formulates strategy based on an analysis of prevailing market conditions, and is carefully evaluating other potential businesses and seeks breakthroughs through consolidating property development and investment businesses. with regard to this, the group is considering introducing community o2o service platform to residential properties, to offer convenient and intelligent online and offline property management services to residents and improve their living standard, as well as broaden the groups income stream. riding on an experienced management team and a clear development roadmap, the group is confident of generating stable and fruitful returns for our investors.
in closing, i would like to express my gratitude to my fellow members of the board and all of our staff for their dedication and support. my fondest wish is, with the concerted efforts of all of us, to drive the group forward and achieve rapid growth. i would also like to thank our partners and shareholders for their encouragement and trust.

hong kong, 17 march 2015 