on behalf of the board of directors (the directors or the board) of lvgem (china) real estate investment company limited (the company or lvgem (china)), i would like to report to all the shareholders who have been supportive to the company and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the group) the consolidated business performance of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016.
lvgem (china) is a unique property developer and commercial property operator. adhering to the strategic vision of focusing on core cities and cities core areas, the companys projects are mainly located in core cities and central areas to ensure high risk tolerance, high values and high returns for all projects. being one of the pioneers in urban renewal, lvgem (china) actively participated in urban renewal projects in shenzhen and the pearl river delta.
it successfully developed several property projects that gained recognition from industry peers and positive feedbacks from consumers, through which it has accumulated extensive experience and established a unique land resources acquisition model. the company adhered to the two-wheel driven model and adopted the business mix of real estate development + commercial property operation. the ancillary services of commercial properties may enhance the value of real estate projects, as well as bringing stable rental income, cash flow and returns on property appreciation to the company. the company successfully completed a reverse takeover and the deemed new listing in 2015, making its official presence in the major access to the international capital market. this enabled the group to better leverage on the advantages of financing strategies brought by cross-border financing and to make effective financing by fully utilising both domestic and overseas capital platforms.
during the year under review, the macro economy of china has entered into the new normal state amidst downward pressure. with the impact of destocking, liquidity easing measures, positive sentiments in the land market and special rectification actions, the real estate industry also experienced a year full of turbulence. in the face of the ever-changing policies and market conditions, all staff of lvgem (china) has weathered through the challenges with great courage by upholding the value of being far-sighted, professional, responsive and honest, allowing us to forge ahead under adverse conditions. our efforts have been rewarded with fruitful results.
for real estate development, adhering to the strategic vision of focusing on core cities and cities core areas, we proactively developed a number of quality residential projects with potential. in shenzhen region, in which the group has been developing for years, we are developing lvgem hongwan garden, lvgem mangrove bay no. 1, liguang project and meijing project. other projects under development include suzhou lvgem neo project, which is also the new base for our development in the yangtze river delta region and phase ii of lvgem international garden located in huazhou in the pearl river delta region. the lau fau shan project in hong kong is also well underway, which is a major step of the group in expanding to projects overseas.
for commercial property operation, the groups two commercial property brands, the neo and zoll, were a great success. the neo integrated business complex in operation in shenzhen became the central hub terminal of four railway lines following the commencement of operation of line 7, 9 and 11 of the shenzhen metro, which will help increase the property value and rental income of neo in shenzhen. hongwan zoll centre, the third zoll centre completed by the group, also commenced operation following its grand opening in january 2017, which was a strong proof of our efforts in branding and scale expansion of the zoll brand.
for financing, leveraging the cross-border financing modes as well as domestic and overseas capital platforms, the group seized opportunities for capital management and issued rmb domestic corporate bonds and us dollar convertible bonds respectively during the year, which was another achievement of the group in terms of financing. in addition, the group also actively participated in financial investment and proposed to participate in the promotion and establishment of (belt and road property insurance co., ltd.*), and invested in the bank of shanghai. we believe that financial investment will create synergies with the principal business and in turn broaden our stream of revenue and enhance the profitability and overall competitiveness of the group.
in terms of project expansion, the group also made a number of breakthroughs in 2016. the group successfully acquired the urban renewal project in zhuhai and won the project of a hotel located in los angeles, the united states. on the other hand, the parent company of the group is also involved in certain quality urban renewal projects totalling not less than 12 million square meters in shenzhen and the pearl river delta region. the group will absorb these quality projects in time to facilitate its expansion and enhance the profitability of the company. looking forward, the group will continue to identify quality assets 
we believe that based on our excellent market insight and execution capability together with the extensive experience in the real estate industry, the group will further optimise its property portfolio, asset value, income foundation and financial strength, endeavour to enhance the corporate image and brand popularity, consolidate its leading position in the market of shenzhen and the pearl river delta region. further, we will stringently implement and push forward our effective business model and strategies, continue to develop the high-quality integrated real estate and commercial property projects with potential, strive to create social values and bring satisfactory returns to shareholders and investors.
last but not least, i would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, staff, clients and business partners for their continuous trust and support on behalf of the board. adhering to the core value of professionalism lays the foundation and mutual harmony leads to sustainable growth and continuing to commit to the mission of enhancing city values, the group will excel ourselves, seize every opportunity and take initiatives while working together to achieve the vision and goal of being the most respected city valuecreator! 
hong kong, 16 march 2017 