chairmans statementprofit and net asset value attributable 
the groups profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2016 amounted to hk$100 million.
profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year, which included a one-off gain of hk$355 million arising from the final arbitral award in relation to the toll fee collection right of hangzhou qianjiang third bridge, was hk$449 million. excluding the financial effects of this one-off item, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year amounted to hk$94 million. the groups profit attributable to equity shareholders of hk$100 million for the year ended 31 december 2016 represented an increase of hk$6 million, or 6%, over the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year. earnings per share were hk 3.3 cents (2015 (adjusted): hk 3.1 cents).
at 31 december 2016, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to hk$1,465 million or hk$0.48 per 
the board recommends the payment of a final dividend of hk 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on tuesday, 13 june 2017, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in hong kong. including the interim dividend of hk 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 december 2016 will amount to hk 4.0 cents per share (2015: hk 4.0 cents per share).
final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on monday, 19 june 2017.

the group operates a department store business under the name of citistore in six densely-populated residential districts (namely, tsuen wan, yuen long, ma on shan, tseung kwan o, tai kok tsui and tuen mun). the stores aim to provide customers with one-stop shopping convenience through a vast selection of merchandise at reasonable and competitive prices. in order to provide customers with a better and more comfortable shopping experience, in january 2017 the ma on shan citistore was relocated to operate at another spot in the same shopping mall: the group launched various initiatives to raise the attractiveness of its department stores, as well as the market awareness of the citistore brand. for instance, citizens edit, a fashion concept store and ctbeatz, a cultural and creative platform, were both introduced in its ma on shan store, offering a fresh shopping experience to customers. by sourcing branded apparel from around the world, citizens edit satisfied the needs of young, style-savvy urbanites with limited editions of signature items. ctbeatz organised various creative events and workshops (ranging from wine tasting to food and handicrafts production) thereby enriching their customers product knowledge and lifestyle experience. in addition, citistore continued to leverage the power of social media platforms (such as facebook and instagram) to showcase and promote its products and brands, whilst an online shopping platform, oncitinet, was also unveiled in april 2016 so as to expand the brands market coverage and provide greater flexibility for its shoppers through diversified consumption channels.
affected by the declining inbound tourist spending and dwindling local consumer sentiment, the value of total retail sales in hong kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with a year earlier. nevertheless, by offering affordable household necessities, citistore recorded only a slight year-on-year decrease of 0.7% in total sales proceeds (which were derived from the sales of own goods, as well as from concessionaire and consignment sales) compared with the previous year with its breakdown as 
sales of own goods and gross margin
during the year under review, citistores sales of own goods decreased by 2% to hk$434 million with the gross margin slightly lowered from 36% to 35% due to intensified price competition in the retail market. the household & toys category contributed approximately 52% of the total revenue from sales of goods, the apparels category contributed approximately 33% and the balance of approximately 15% came from the categories of food and cosmetics.
rental income from concessionaire and consignment counters citistores concessionaire sales are conducted by licensing portions of shop spaces to its concessionaires to use for their own counters to sell their products, whilst consignment sales comprise the sales of consignors own products on or in designated shelves, areas or spaces. citistore charges these concessionaire and consignment counters on the basis of revenue sharing or basic rent (if any), whichever is higher, as its rental income. during the year under review, the total rental income derived from these concessionaire and consignment counters remained stable at hk$430 million, despite a slight decrease of 0.3% to hk$1,446 million in the total sales proceeds generated from these counters as shown below: citistores profit contribution
in view of a decline in aggregate sales proceeds, citistore maintained its business performance by strengthening its controls over all expenditure. as a result, citistore recorded a decrease in its total operating expenses even after taking into account the ma on shan premises relocation expenses during the year under review. the after-tax profit contribution only decreased by hk$6 million, or 6%, to hk$97 million: overall, after taking into account the interest income generated from the cash proceeds regarding the compensation payment received in 2015 and the overheads of its head office, the groups profit attributable to equity shareholders from continuing operation for the year under review amounted to hk$100 million, representing an increase of hk$6 million or 6% over that of hk$94 million (after excluding the abovementioned one-off gain) for the previous year.

at 31 december 2016, the group had no bank borrowings (31 december 2015: nil) and its net cash and bank balances amounted to hk$801 million (31 december 2015: hk$791 
looking ahead, competition among retailers is expected to intensify in hong kong. following the recent successful launch of citizens edit and ctbeatz, the group will roll out more initiatives to improve the overall shopping environment of its stores and offer more quality products to its customers so as to meet their discerning needs. the group will also continue to step up its promotional efforts and cost controls, thereby enabling the sustainable business growth of 
i would like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their commitment and hard work throughout the 
lee ka shing

hong kong, 21 march 2017 