chairman s statement to our shareholders for the fiscal year ended 30 june 2004, turnover grew 111.6% to hk$4,533.4 million. net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders was hk$2,065 million, or 136% above last year.
earnings per ordinary share was 68.5 cents, representing a rise of 126.1% over the year before.
your board recommends a final dividend of 33 cents per ordinary share, or 13.8% over last year. if approved, total dividends for the full year will be 44 cents per ordinary share, representing an increase of 10% from a year ago.

for the past several years, market conditions dictated that both turnover and profit should come overwhelmingly from rental activities. it should no longer be so in the next few years--sales of development projects are expected to increasingly impact results. just as profit has more than doubled in the period under review, it is conceivable that barring unforeseen circumstances, it will again grow satisfactorily in the coming three years.
as predicted twelve months ago, property sales in hong kong have picked up. price appreciation began in the fourth quarter of 2003 and picked up momentum in the first four months of this year before retreating slightly. luxury apartments have especially performed well; in some cases, prices rose by over 50% in a matter of six to eight months.
your company is certainly one of the biggest beneficiaries of this new market condition. about 80% of the floor area for sale can be categorized as luxury. we took advantage of the price rise and began marketing our waterfront project, the harbourside, towards the end of last year. actual sales commenced in february and the highest prices achieved for the penthouses were over hk$20,000 per square foot. such numbers were unthinkable only months before. management, however, was not keen to sell out quickly.
we parted with about 181 out of the total of 1,122 units. since all the units sold faced the harbor, the average price achieved approached hk$10,000 per square foot. sales will continue as we see market conditions evolve which will hopefully maximize profit.
about 90% of carmel-on-the-hill was sold at an average price of over hk$5,000 per square foot. it is higher than our original projections. aquamarine which is a 1,616-unit development as well as the 1,829-unit the long beach are both ready for sale.
again, we will time the release so as to generate the best results.
aquamarine will likely go on sale first, perhaps towards the end of the year.
total rents collected from our hong kong properties have been falling since 1997-98, but have begun to stabilize some two years ago.
growth in total rental revenue since 2001 has come almost exclusively from shanghai. now the situation is different. management believes that hong kong rents will gradually rise in the coming year.
occupancy rates have remained steady at 92.3% for our hong kong portfolio. retail space has particularly performed well as consumer confidence returns. mainland tourists are another source of strength underpinning the market. our mainland investment properties have done very well both in terms of rents and occupancy. all buildings are basically full.
success in any business must be accompanied by sound financial planning. this is especially critical in a capital intensive industry like ours. over the past decade and more, we have performed well in this area.
in the spring of 2002, we issued convertible bonds (cb) in two tranches. they brought in almost hk$3.45 billion. the transaction stipulated that by march of this year, if our share price rises above a certain level, we can begin to basically force conversion. at the time of issue, management estimated that by early this year, the real estate market should have recovered enough to resume property sales. we know more than anyone that profit margins for all of our projects are perhaps the best in hong kong. that should have a positive effect on our share price which makes the cb conversion possible. history has proven us correct-- 99.7% of bond holders took our common stock. thus, the need to repay is removed, and our balance sheet is further strengthened. we have also continued to take advantage of the low interest rate environment to replace existing loan facilities with cheaper and longer term ones.

last year, we saw net profit fall to barely over one billion dollars.
that was the lowest since 1993. shareholder's fund was below that of 1994. all of these were the direct result of the asian crisis which started in 1997. management believes that the tide has finally turned. due to prudent decisions made both before and after the crisis, we have positioned ourselves well for a promising few years as long as the market holds up.
it is now common knowledge among sophisticated international investors that perhaps more than any other major hong kong real estate company, we have consistently called the market correctly in the past ten years and more. we not only avoided trouble when trouble came, but we also took advantage of opportunities. consequently, the stock market has rewarded our shareholders. since the market height of 1997, our shares have been the best performer compared to our major competitors.
throughout the 1990's, (and in fact the 1970's and 1980's as well), our price-earnings ratio was consistently among the lowest of the major property companies. ostensibly it was due to our lack of a large land bank, especially of the then existing land-exchange entitlements or letter b's. by 2001, a fundamental change took place. now we consistently trade at the highest price-earnings ratio. this partly explains why we have enjoyed better share price appreciation than our competitors. coupled with the fact that we have always had one of the highest dividend yields, total return to shareholders tops the list of all real estate counters.
the following numbers will illustrate the point. take the other thirteen biggest publicly listed property companies in hong kong and compare their respective highest share prices achieved in 1997 (before the asian crisis was in full swing) with those of yesterday (september 7, 2004). all fell between -25% and -85%.
in the same period, we were the only company which recorded a rise and that of 8%. our parent company hlg retreated by 24% which was still better than all the others.
we also top the list when total return to shareholders is compared.
when total dividends paid is added to stock price movements for the same period, we again were the only company which recorded a rise, and at an impressive 34%. all fell between -12% to -81%.
our parent company was slightly set back by -4% which again was much better than the others.
the size of a company is also important to this business. given the large size of projects these days as well as potential opportunities in the mainland of china, bigger firms have a distinct advantage. looking at market capitalization and again comparing the height of 1997 with yesterday, your company grew by 23%.
the best of the other twelve diminished by 10% and the worst by 75%. hlg, which did not have any increase in the number of shares in the period, fell by 25%. it was better than all but two in that group, and both of them had issued new shares.
a brief review of how such a stellar performance was achieved might be instructive for the future. first, we resisted temptation to follow the crowd back in 1995-1997 when land prices were rising. we were called conservative, and worst yet, lazy, by one western fund manager. history proved that we were prudent. of course, we were not inactive during those years. we raised cash in every way we knew how: placed shares, took out longer term loans, and sold investment properties at great profits. it was not luck; it was skill.
early last year, the ability and willingness to resist pressure was again called upon, albeit in a different direction. an analyst report accused us of not selling almost-completed apartments like many of our competitors. while we are cognizant of the need to heed the advice of some analysts, we should certainly not listen to all! history shows that many developers sold units at the bottom of the market. it was doubly satisfying for us since we had products to sell after prices rose while our competitors were left with little.
many of them sold too early. in this business, following the pack can be hazardous.
because we hoarded cash before the asian crisis, we were financially as well as psychologically more prepared to seize opportunities when they arrived. this took place between march 1999 and december 2000. all our major projects now or soon- to-be for sale were purchased at that time. buying land at the bottom of the market was the single most important reason for our having the best profit margin today. certain land acquisitions by our competitors in 2001 and 2002 before the 13-month government land sale moratorium should still be profitable.
however, it was your management's judgment that the expected low return, and hence higher risks, did not justify our participation.
committing financial resources to poor yielding projects will prevent us--again both financially and psychologically--from taking full advantage of opportunities which may come later, be they in hong kong or in the mainland.
some hong kong analysts attribute our success to conservatism.
that i disagree. of course, there are times to be cautious in order to avoid impending danger. that, we did well. however, mere conservatism implies a rigid state of mind and thoughtlessness in action. in our case, that is farthest from the truth. we withheld from buying land or selling apartments not because we had a propensity towards inaction. rather, it was a conscientious decision made after much analyses and internal debate, and concluding that that was the right course of action for that moment in time. ultimately what counts is to always do the right thing at the right time. i like to think that our track record justifies past actions. the job of management is to consistently create shareholders' value at reasonable risks. this dovetails with our stated goal of becoming a major real estate company with one of the best development profit margins in the industry. we have achieved that in recent years and will continue to strive for it.
but where will the company go from here? it is undeniable that if we fail to replenish our land bank in the next year or two, there may be a gap in our profit in three years' time. management's response is a two-prong one. we will attack both the hong kong and the mainland china markets, but with very different approaches.
in hong kong, every potential land transaction will be evaluated employing our usual stringent standards. it must pass the test: will the project bring the minimal required return commensurate with expected risks? if we cannot find such opportunities, we will look elsewhere, namely, the mainland of china. we will not lower our standards. history shows that all too many projects (mostly done by our competitors) lost huge amounts of money. some of them even brought the developer down with it. even if a project manages to eke out a meager return, the risks and opportunity costs are too great to justify it. i know of a sizeable developer who because of one such major development was prevented from growing for some ten years. naturally a bigger company can withstand a few bad deals, but they will very soon add up to a serious impediment to corporate growth. so for us, to maintain a high profit margin for development projects is like a religion. we will only very rarely break the rule.
given today's market conditions, it is possible that some analysts will again accuse us of conservatism. we will as before ignore them, unless management independently comes to the same conclusion that we should be more aggressive in land acquisition in hong kong. those analysts were wrong in the past and may well be wrong again now.
in the mainland, on the other hand, we will be very aggressive.
we believe that we have found a niche which should create shareholders' value for the foreseeable future. for the past twelve years, we have concentrated on one city, but will now cast our net a lot wider.
in hindsight, what we did in shanghai in the past twelve years was the right strategy at the time. few cities in china had developed as fast and as well during that period. we capitalized on the opportunity and have done superbly--last year we collected about hk$475 million in rent from our two projects, plaza 66 and the grand gateway, and netted almost hk$346 million in profit.
what we had gained from the shanghai experience, however, went beyond mere dollars and cents. we have harvested expertise in the mainland; learned to deal with the government; welded a competent management team; built two world class developments whose quality, i like to think, is among the best in the country; and established hang lung as a highly respected brand name in the industry which is known well beyond shanghai.
all these augur well for the future.
the external environment in china has also improved substantially from the time we first entered in the early 1990's. the overall economy has been greatly strengthened; rules and regulations pertaining to real estate and related disciplines are further established; government officials everywhere are better educated and more informed; and physical infrastructure has improved tremendously.
these also give us confidence to make the next big move.
we have identified some thirty major cities in china and hope to do at least seven to eight, and preferably nine or ten, sizeable projects in the coming few years. we will bring the expertise gained in hong kong and in shanghai, and do first class developments which local developers have yet to emulate. some space may be for sale but most will be for long term hold. with over hk$20 billion of cash flow expected in the coming two to three years, financing will not be a problem at all.
in fact, our staff have started over a year ago to search for potential sites all over china. it is hard work and finding a project which meets our stringent requirements is not easy. the good thing is that there are many big cities in china with reasonably well-to-do citizens. i believe that we have a fair chance of success.
new project developments aside, we will continue to actively manage our existing investment properties. whereas it is likely that hong kong rental revenue and profit will both go up in the present financial year, growth rates will not be spectacular.
nevertheless, we can take comfort in the fact that high spending mainland tourists are underpinning the city's retail trade, and that our shopping centers are all in excellent locations. a recent research report by a reputable international estate agency stated that causeway bay and mongkok command the top two highest rents among all shopping districts in the greater china region.
(cities studied include beijing, shanghai, guangzhou and taipei, in addition to hong kong.) as you may know, we have dominant positions in these two districts.
the growth rate of our shanghai rents in the coming year is expected to slow down. after three to four years of operation, we have a better understanding of the market and of our properties.
necessary changes such as tenant mix were made and now things have stabilized. the number of rent renewals will also be limited in the coming year. the second office tower of plaza 66 should be completed by late 2006, thus starting another round of rental property sales will continue as discussed earlier. since we do not have a huge portfolio, our goal as before is to maximize profit in every project. as a result, marketing campaigns may ebb and flow depending on management's view regarding market sentiments. some people worry that there may be too many competing products in the market. that however should not be a problem since our developments are all superbly located, in addition to being well designed and constructed. in fact, many of the units in our portfolio have a seaview which is a rarity these days and is a great selling point.
all in all, the prospect for the group over the next three years should be quite favorable.
ronnie c. chan
