i am pleased to present the results of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31st december, 2016 (the year) to the shareholders of the company.

profit attributable to owners of the company for the year was hk$6,360.3 million as compared to hk$7,727.2 million for last year. the decrease in profit for the year was mainly arising from (i) decrease in attributable net rental income; (ii) decrease in fair value gain on investment properties; (iii) decrease in share of results of associates; despite (iv) increase in attributable property sales profit; (v) gains on disposals of subsidiaries of the company holding massmutual tower, windsor house and evergo tower in shanghai; (vi) increase in net profit from the segment of the listed investments held-for-trading and treasury products and dividend income from listed equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income; and (vii) imputed interest income from deferred consideration receivables which were included in investment income, net.
earnings per share for the year was hk$3.33 (2015: hk$4.05).
if the net gain on the major non-cash items of hk$577.5 million (2015: hk$4,785.1 million) are excluded, but the net realised fair value loss on disposals of investment properties from the group and its associates in current year recognised for the year of hk$372.7 million (2015: together with their respective deferred tax totaling hk$154.6 million) is retained and the accumulated realised fair value gain together with their respective deferred tax on disposals of investment properties and stock of properties from the group and its associates recognised in prior years of hk$17,248.7 million (including those recognised in properties revaluation reserve) (2015: disposals of investment properties of hk$13,843.7 million) is included, the group will have a core profit attributable to owners of the company for the year of hk$23,031.5 million (2015: hk$16,785.8 million) and a core earnings per share of hk$12.07 (2015: hk$8.80), which were both increased by 37.2% to those in the year 
the major non-cash items represented the attributable unrealised fair value gain on investment properties together with their respective deferred tax from the group and its associates of hk$577.5 million (2015: 
during the year, the board of directors of the company (the directors or the board) had paid an interim dividend of hk1 cent per share (payment date: 23rd september, 2016) (2015: hk30 cents per share) and special interim dividends of (i) hk$2 per share (payment date: 20th january, 2016) (2015: hk$4 per share and hk$2.6 per share), (ii) hk$2.1 per share (payment date: 11th august, 2016), and (iii) hk$3.23 per share (payment date: 1st september, 2016) (2015: hk$1.2 per share). subsequent to the year, the board had also declared a special interim dividend of hk$1.36 per share for the year and special interim dividends of hk$0.46 per share and hk$0.18 per share respectively in connection with the completion of the disposal transactions both occurred in february 2017 (payment date: 10th february, 2017). as the company has paid substantial interim dividends during the year, the board has recommended the payment of a nominal final dividend of hk1 cent per share for the year (the final dividend) (2015: hk1 cent per share).
subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company to be held on 24th may, 2017 (the 2017 agm), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 12th june, 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on 1st june, 2017.
for the purpose of ascertaining the members eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 agm, and entitlement to the recommended final dividend, the register of members will be closed during the following periods 
to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2017 agm, and to qualify for the recommended final dividend, all properly completed share transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the companys branch registrar and transfer office in hong kong, namely computershare hong kong investor services limited, at shops 1712-1716, 17th floor, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, wanchai, hong kong not later than the respective latest time as 
business model and strategies
the group is one of the leading property developers in hong kong and its core businesses comprise property investments for rental and property development for sale as well as securities investments.
the group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
the group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential properties in prime locations in hong kong; and enjoying profit contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
in mainland china, the group invested in office properties, shopping arcades and hotel business in the prestigious areas to generate stable and recurrent rental income.
other than property investment and development in hong kong and or mainland china, the group is actively grasping the opportunities for acquiring properties in the united kingdom.
the group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and beneficial to the groups development.
apart from the aforesaid, the group has conducted variety of securities investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury 
the group believes that the stable rental income from its investment properties, together with the property development and trading as well as securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows the group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
management discussion and analysis
hong kong property investment
rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major sources of our income. the overall occupancy rate of the groups retail portfolio was 94.84% during the year. the high occupancy rate was attributable to the prime locations of the groups retail properties.
the average occupancy rate of windsor house shopping mall from january to august 2016 (i.e. before disposal) was approximately 95.34%.
during the year, the average occupancy rate of the shops of causeway place was approximately 81.36%.
olympian city 3 (25% interest), the retail mall in the hermitage residences in west kowloon, all the shops were fully let out as at 31st 
coronation circle (15% interest), the retail mall in the coronation residences in west kowloon, the average occupancy rate was approximately 63.02% during the year.
the occupancy rate for the groups office properties maintained at a high level throughout the year. during the year, the average occupancy rates of harcourt house and windsor house (for eight-month period before disposal) were approximately 97.03% and 98.02% respectively, bring the approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 97.64%.
in january 2016, the group has disposed the company holding massmutual tower (now known as china evergrande centre). in september 2016, the group has also disposed the companies holding 
hong kong property development
in general, the groups development projects have been progressing satisfactorily and sales of trading properties has recorded a pleasing 
one south lane is located in the western district and enjoys close proximity to the hku mtr station. it is a luxury residentialretail tower with a total gross floor area of around 41,353 square feet which provides 92 residential units. the occupation permit was issued in july 2016. as at 31st december, 2016, 92 residential units were contracted for sales, representing 100% of total units, of which 90 individual purchasers had completed their transactions.
management discussion and analysis

hong kong property development (cont'd) 55 conduit road (70% interest) is a luxury residential development in mid-levels west with total residential gross floor area of around 87,800 square feet which provides 35 residential units. as at 31st december, 2016, 33 units were contracted for sales, representing 94.29% of total units, of which 29 individual purchasers had completed their transactions.
the hermitage (25% interest) is one of the groups joint venture development project in west kowloon. it comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. as at 31st december, 2016, 99.79% of total units were sold.
the coronation (15% interest) is another joint venture development project of the group in west kowloon. it comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. as at 31st december, 2016, 99.86% of total units were sold.
kwun tong town centre project (development areas 2 and 3) (10% interest) is a joint venture development project of the group awarded by the urban renewal authority. its total site area is approximately 234,160 square feet. total gross floor area of around 1,853,561 square feet will be developed. foundation work was completed. excavation and lateral support works and pile cap works are in progress and the whole project is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021.
in february 2017, the group has disposed the companies holding the property development situated at no. 12 shiu fai terrace.
mainland china property investment
hilton beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate was approximately 75.88% for the year.
oriental place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to hilton beijing, average occupancy rate was approximately 91.82% for the year.
during the year, the 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately 29,000 square feet in lowu commercial plaza, shenzhen were fully let out. the group has disposed the companies holding such retail outlets in 
in june 2016, the group has disposed the company holding evergo tower, an office and shopping complex in shanghai.
management discussion and analysis

overseas property investment
river court is a grade a freehold office building situated at 116-129 fleet street, london, united kingdom. it provides a total net internal area of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking spaces. it was fully let out as at 31st december, 2016.
in april 2016, the group acquired 14 st george street, a grade a freehold office building located in london, united kingdom. the building comprises approximately 51,861 square feet of office accommodation arranged over lower ground, ground and four upper floors. it was fully let out as at 31st 
in may 2016, the group acquired a mixed use freehold building located in 61-67 (odd) oxford street and 11-14 soho street, london, united kingdom, comprising approximately 55,162 square feet in aggregate. the building provides retail, office and residential accommodation, occupying approximately 33,850 square feet, 13,735 square feet and 7,577 square feet respectively, over lower ground, ground and six upper floors. it was fully let out as at 31st december, 2016.

the groups strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for treasury management. the groups primary objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the abilities of the entities in the group to continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for shareholders of the company. the groups strategy for future investments is to invest in a diversified portfolio with attractive yield, good liquidity and issuers from reputable entities, so as to maintain a healthy financial status and grasp every good investment chance.
the gain recognised on securities investments for the year was hk$1,075.4 million. details of the performance of securities investments are disclosed under financial operation review of this annual report.
the group will continue to closely monitor its portfolio of securities investments to achieve satisfactory returns.
other information and events after
the reporting period
disposal of a subsidiary holding massmutual tower major 
the group has on 12th november, 2015 entered into an equity and debt transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly- owned subsidiary of the company that ultimately held the commercial property known as massmutual tower (now known as china evergrande centre) located in wanchai, hong kong to a subsidiary wholly-owned by evergrande real estate group limited (now known as china evergrande group), an independent third party (the pioneer time disposal). pioneer time disposal constituted a major transaction of the company under the rules governing the listing of securities on the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the listing rules). pioneer time disposal was completed on 15th january, 2016 at the final consideration of approximately hk$12,448.3 million. details of pioneer time disposal were set out in the companys announcement dated 12th november, 2015 and circular dated 3rd december, 2015.
disposal of a residential unit of 55 conduit road connected 
as announced on 21st december, 2015, the group accepted a tender submitted by ms. amy lau, yuk-wai, a non-executive director (ned) of the company, to purchase a residential unit together with a car parking space of the groups luxury residential development located in mid- levels west, hong kong, namely 55 conduit road at the purchase price of hk$124,118,000 (before cash rebate). the transaction constituted a connected transaction of the company under the listing rules.
completion took place on 5th april, 2016.
other information and events after
the reporting period (cont'd) disposal of subsidiaries holding windsor house major and 
as announced on 23rd december, 2015, the group has on 23rd december, 2015 entered into sale and purchase agreements, in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company that ultimately held the property known as windsor house located in causeway bay, hong kong to the companies wholly-owned by mr. joseph lau, luen-hung (mr. joseph lau), the then substantial shareholder and controlling shareholder of the company (the windsor disposal).
windsor disposal constituted major and connected transactions of the company under the listing rules and was approved by the independent shareholders of the company at the special general meeting of the company held on 2nd february, 2016. windsor disposal was completed on 1st september, 2016 and the final considerations had been disclosed in the announcement of the company dated 5th october, 2016. details of windsor disposal were set out in the announcement of the company dated 23rd december, 2015 and the circular of the company dated 15th 
acquisition of a property in the united kingdom in march 2016, the group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to acquire a freehold property situated at 14 st george street, london, united kingdom at a consideration of gbp121.7 million. completion of the acquisition took place on 15th april, 
acquisition of a property in the united kingdom discloseable 
as announced on 21st march, 2016, the group has on 21st march, 2016 entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to acquire a freehold property situated at 61-67 (odd) oxford street and 11-14 soho street, london, united kingdom at a consideration of gbp182.8 million (before rent top up and allowance for stamp duty land tax of the united kingdom). the acquisition constituted a discloseable transaction of the company under the listing rules. completion of the acquisition took place on 20th may, 2016.
other information and events after
the reporting period (cont'd) acquisition of equity interest in shengjing bank co., ltd.
the group has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party on 6th may, 2016, in relation to the acquisition of 577,180,500 h shares in shengjing bank co., ltd. (stock code: 2066), at a consideration of approximately hk$6,926.2 million.
disposal of a subsidiary holding evergo tower, shanghai the group has on 19th may, 2016 entered into an equity transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company that held the office and shopping complex known as evergo tower located in shanghai, the peoples republic of china (the prc) to an independent third party, at the final consideration equivalent to approximately hk$1,355.8 million. completion of the disposal took place in june 2016.
change of building name of principal office
as announced on 30th november, 2016, the name of the building where the groups head office and principal place of business in hong kong are located has been changed from massmutual tower to china evergrande centre with effect from 1st december, 2016.
disposal of subsidiaries holding the property development situated at no. 12 shiu fai terrace and 79 shops of lowu commercial plaza, shenzhen major and connected 
the group has on 5th december, 2016 entered into sale and purchase agreements, in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company that ultimately held (i) the property development situated at no. 12 shiu fai terrace, mid-levels east, hong kong; and (ii) 79 shops of lowu commercial plaza located in shenzhen, the prc to the companies wholly-owned by (i) ms. chan, hoi-wan, an associate of mr. joseph lau and an associate of directors at the time of entering into relevant sale and purchase agreement (the hk property transaction); and (ii) mr. lau, ming-wai, the chairman of the board and a ned of the company (the prc properties transaction) respectively.
other information and events after
the reporting period (cont'd) disposal of subsidiaries holding the property development situated at no. 12 shiu fai terrace and 79 shops of lowu commercial plaza, shenzhen major and connected 
hk property transaction and prc properties transaction constituted major and connected transactions of the company under the listing rules and each of them was approved by the independent shareholders of the company at the special general meeting of the company held on 13th january, 2017. hk property transaction and prc properties transaction were completed on 10th february, 2017 at the final consideration of approximately hk$889.6 million and hk$352.2 million respectively.
details of hk property transaction and prc properties transaction were set out in the announcement of the company dated 5th december, 2016 and the circular of the company dated 28th december, 2016.
restructuring of shareholding in the company on 1st march, 2017, after the distribution of all the shares in the company indirectly held under a discretionary trust (the share trust) founded by mr. joseph lau to certain eligible beneficiaries of the share trust, mr.
lau, ming-wai and ms. chan, hoi-wan (as trustee for her minor children) indirectly hold shares representing approximately 24.97% and 50.02% of the total issued share capital of the company as at 1st march, 2017 respectively. details of the restructuring of shareholding were set out in the announcement of the company dated 1st march, 2017.

the company is continuously committed to maintaining good communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to ensure their thorough understanding of the groups strategies and business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor 
the company maintains a companys website (www.chineseestates.com) to make the companys information available on the internet, including the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important information to the investing public on corporate governance structure, policies and systems, profiles of the directors and senior executives as well as terms of reference of board committees.
investor relations (cont'd) the up-to-date information of the group is available for public access on the companys website. the company encourages its shareholders to take advantage of the companys website and welcomes suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to share their views and suggestions by contacting the company at 
shareholders can raise their enquiries to the board or the company secretary of the company in writing by sending such written enquiries to the principal office of the company in hong kong at 26th floor, china evergrande centre, 38 gloucester road, wanchai, hong kong or by email at investor.relations@chineseestates.com . shareholders also have right to raise questions at general meetings.

with the generally unexpected outcome of the presidential election of the united states of america in early november 2016 as well as the potential rise of economic or trade protectionism, the uncertainties surrounding global markets have been intensified; whilst the federal reserve in the united states of america decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate by a quarter percentage point to 0.5% to 0.75% in mid of december 2016 and a further increase in 2017 is also anticipated. as a result of such changes in the macro-environment, adverse impact seems to be inevitable.
the residential property market in hong kong had been moving upwards for over the past ten years. the hong kong government has introduced new measures in november 2016 to curb and control the seemingly overheated residential property market, whereby a new flat rate of 15% for the ad valorem stamp duty is being imposed on second-home buyers.
unless there is a substantial change on the housing policy by the hong kong government upon election of the new chief executive, downturn of the property market in hong kong is quite likely under the shadow of increasing mortgage interest rate.

subsequent to the disposal of the companies holding property development situated at no. 12 shiu fai terrace in february 2017, total assets and total liabilities of the group are expected decreasing in the year 2017. in addition, subsequent to the disposal of the companies holding shops of lowu commercial plaza in shenzhen in february 2017, contribution of rental income from this property to the group in the year 2017 will be significantly lowered.
notwithstanding the said changes, the foundation of the groups investment properties is strong and the groups financial condition is sound and stable. our past performance proves that the groups broad vision is conducive to carrying out businesses and its successful 
looking ahead, the group will continue to monitor local and overseas market conditions, endeavour to participate in land auctions and tenders as well as to capture opportunities for acquiring local and overseas premier investment properties with optimistic return in order to strengthen its investment property portfolio. the group will grasp every good investment chance continuously in future.

i would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their continuing support. i would also like to express my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their dedication and hard work.

hong kong, 9th march, 2017 