the board of directors (the board) of kunlun energy company limited (the company) hereby reports the annual result for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year) of the company and its subsidiaries (together, the group) to the shareholders of the company (the shareholders). during the year, facing the severe and complex economic situations, under continuing sluggish international oil prices and the fall in natural gas price in the prc, the group actively optimised and adjusted its business structure and assets structure and focused on its core business of natural gas utilisation by facilitating innovative development and vigorously implementing all-around, whole-process, all-element measures to control cost and improve performance. the synergies from acquisition of petrochina kunlun gas co., ltd. (kunlun gas) began to show. the overall platform of the group was better than expected. during the year, the groups sales revenue was hk$81,882 million; profit before income tax expense was hk$7,115 million; and profit attributable to the owners of the company was hk$659 million, representing decreases of 15.00%, 5.82% and 55.80%, respectively, as compared with last year (restated). basic earnings per share for the year were hk8.16 cents.
as the domestic lng market recovery was slower than expected, the group made a provision of hk$4,602 million for impairment of assets including lng plants. excluding such factor, core profit before income tax expense for the year would be hk$11,717 million, representing an increase of 26.27% as compared with last year (restated). core profit attributable to shareholders and basic core earnings per share were hk$4,392 million and hk54.41 cents, respectively, representing increases of 36.69% and 36.71% as compared with last year.
in may 2016, the group completed the acquisition of kunlun gas, and became a financing platform and investment vehicle for cnpcs natural gas business and a management platform for its natural gas utilisation business. its natural gas utilisation business covers 31 provinces and cities across china, with the capacity of the annual natural gas sales volume of nearly 18 billion cubic metres and lpg sales volume of over 6 million tons, loading and unloading volume of lng terminals of 12.5 million tons, lng plant capacity of 5.8 million tonsyear, and over 1,200 cnglng stations, leading in the prc in terms of the number of gas stations.
during the year, the group made use of the synergies to facilitate management consolidation, further improved its threelevel management model of kunlun energy provincial companies project companies, and optimised resource allocation, adopted strong measures to reduce cost and enhance efficiency. as a result, it has initially realised centralised operation, professional management and integrated development. during the year, labour cost decreased by 5.44% and selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by 11.04% as compared with the restated amount for last year, reflecting initial results for its management integration.
during the year, the group successfully issued 3.35 billion rmb-denominated us dollar-settled convertible bonds, which are the first convertible bonds issued in overseas markets that are linked to offshore renminbi. the group has made the application with the national association of financial market institutional investors of the peoples republic of china for registration of rmb10 billion panda bonds. the group has obtained a1, a+, and a ratings from moodys, standard & poors and fitch respectively and also obtained aaa from china lianhe credit rating co., ltd.
exploration and production
during the year, the sales volume of crude oil in the exploration and production business reached 15.22 million barrels, representing a decrease of 1.53 million barrels or 9.13% compared with the volume of 16.75 million barrels for last year.
the revenue was hk$1,753 million, representing a decrease of hk$826 million or 32.03% as compared with the revenue of hk$2,579 million for last year; mainly due to the realised crude oil selling price for the year of us$34.66barrel, which represents a decrease of us$8.35 or 19.41% as compared with us$43.01barrel for last year. profit before income tax expense was hk$14 million, representing an increase of hk$3,893 million or 100.36% compared to loss before income tax expense of hk$3,879 million for last year, mainly due to the provision of hk$1,679 million made for the impairment of oil and gas assets as a result of the decrease in average crude oil selling price in 2015.
natural gas pipeline
during the year, the transmission volume of natural gas pipeline business was 35,731 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 566 million cubic metres or 1.61% as compared with 35,165 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. the revenue was hk$13,742 million, representing a decrease of hk$301 million or 2.14% as compared to hk$14,043 million (restated) for last year. profit before income tax expense was hk$9,461 million, representing an increase of hk$81 million or 0.86% as compared to hk$9,380 million (restated) for last year.
during the year, the transmission volume of petrochina beijing gas pipeline co., ltd. under the group (beijing pipeline company) was 33,627 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 2.11% as compared with last year. the trunk line of no. 4 shaanxi-beijing pipeline, which is invested by beijing pipeline company, commenced construction in july 2016. despite unfavourable factors such as tight schedule and difficulties in external coordination, the baodi-xianghe-xiji connection line had the gas supply channel in east beijing built in less than 100 days, enhancing total natural gas transmission and distribution capacity in beijing, tianjin and hebei.

during the year, the sales volume of lng terminal was 4,859 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 891 million cubic metres or 22.45% as compared with 3,968 million cubic metres for last year. the revenue was hk$1,727 million, representing an increase of hk$237 million or 15.91% as compared with hk$1,490 million for last year; profit before income tax expense was hk$704 million, representing an increase of hk$300 million or 74.26% as compared with hk$404 million for 
the second phase projects of jiangsu and dalian lng terminals were completed and put into operation, which has realised the storage of lng resources in summer for use in winter and effectively improved the emergency peaking capability in winter. dalian lng terminal actively conducted third-party storage and transmission business. relying on the resources of jiangsu lng terminal and existing projects in jiangsu province, a regional lng trading management and resource coordination platform has been established.
sales of natural gas and lng processing
during the year, the sales volume of natural gas was 23,755 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 796 million cubic metres or 3.47% as compared with 22,959 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. the revenue was hk$65,452 million, representing a decrease of hk$14,028 million or 17.65% as compared with hk$79,480 million (restated) for last year; loss before income tax expense was hk$2,084 million, representing a decrease of hk$4,334 million or 192.62% as compared with profit before income tax expense of hk$2,250 million (restated) for last year. excluding the effect of the provision for impairment of assets in respect of lng plants, core profit before income tax expense for this business segment would be hk$2,463 million, representing an increase of 7.32% as compared with hk$2,295 million (restated) for last year.
during the year, the sales volume of natural gas (excluding lng processing) was 23,233 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 953 million cubic metres or 4.28% as compared with 22,280 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. the revenue was hk$63,975million, representing a decrease of hk$13,435 million or 17.36% as compared with hk$77,410 million (restated) for last year; profit before income tax expense was hk$3,238 million, representing an increase of hk$120 million or 3.85% as compared with profit before income tax expense of hk$3,118 million (restated) for last year.
of which: city gas business recorded fast growth with sales volume of 9,225 million cubic metres, representing 38.83% of total natural gas sales volume and representing an increase of 11.00% as compared with the restated amount for last year.
sales volume in three areas including hebei, jiangsu and shandong exceeded 1.5 billion cubic metres each. the development of the no. 4 shaanxi-beijing pipeline and the east pipeline between china and russia was planned for in advance, and the group actively participated in the construction of key projects in beijing, tianjin and hebei.
lpg sales improved in terms of both sales volume and efficiency. in order to maximise overall performance, we fully optimised resource allocation manners. its self-operated level three stations had all realised profit. lpg terminal sales increased by 10.6%.
the natural gas branch pipeline construction was progressing in an orderly manner. a new 280 kilometre branch pipeline and the qinzhou petrochemical industrial park branch pipeline commenced operation. tengchong, xiangyun and shidian branch pipelines of yunnan were almost finished. yangzhou power plant branch pipeline, bengbu branch pipeline and taihe branch pipeline were having steady progress. four new branch pipelines such as changsha-liuyang branch pipeline and lianyuanxinhua branch pipeline commenced construction. the sales and sales volume of kunming east branch pipeline, kunming west branch pipeline, xiangtan-loudi-shaoyang branch pipeline significantly increased, further showing their market 
major progress has been made for the development of the natural gas power generation and distributed energy project.
with controlling major gas supply pipeline of power plants and investing in power plants as the major model, the company accelerated strategic cooperation with major power generation companies including china huadian corporation and china power international, and entered into cooperation framework agreements for 8 natural gas power generation projects and 4 distributed energy projects.
the group strived to increase the production volume and performance of cng and lng segments. in order to actively respond to market downturn, the group adopted multiple measures to develop users and expand marketing channels. three cng primary stations in fushun, xiaogan and zhijiang commenced operation. the company also partnered with refined oil sales enterprises in inner mongolia, anhui and jiangxi to facilitate the joint construction of 109 oil and gas joint stations.
during the year, the sales volume of lng processing was 522 million cubic metres, representing a decrease of 157 million cubic metres or 23.12% as compared with 679 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. the revenue was hk$1,477million, representing a decrease of hk$593 million or 28.65% as compared with hk$2,070 million (restated) for last year; loss before income tax expense was hk$5,322 million, representing an increase of hk$4,454 million or 513.13% as compared with loss before income tax expense of hk$868 million (restated) for last year. excluding the effect of the provision for impairment of assets, core loss before income tax expense for this lng processing business would be hk$800 million, representing a decrease hk$68 million or of 7.83% as compared with hk$868 million for last year.
the group had made a provision of hk$4,522 million for the impairment of lng processing business related assets, which would affect the profitability of the group for 2016 but would not have any impact on its operating cash flows. the group will continue to implement its cost control strategy, improve its operational efficiency through technical and management innovations, and accelerate the building of integrated operation advantage with relevant industries supporting each other, in order to avoid the negative impact of economic environment on the groups results.

the group believes that while the impact of the international financial crisis still exists and will continue to exist in the foreseeable future, the world economy is gradually recovering from in-depth adjustment, and chinas long-term economic fundamentals remain strong. in particular, the chinese government actively advocates the one belt, one road initiative and the implementation of five major development concepts, vigorously implements national strategies including innovationdriven development, which has created a good environment for the development of energy enterprises. the chinese government has adopted strict measures to control air pollution, and vigorously promoted the market-oriented natural gas reform. it introduced a series of relevant reform policies such as grant of access to oil and gas pipeline network and facilities, monitoring and review of pipeline distribution price and natural gas utilisation reform, which will have positive impacts on stimulating natural gas consumption. during the 13th five-year plan, natural gas consumption as a percentage of primary energy consumption will increase from 6% to 10%. chinas government work report this year clearly specifies that the government will tackle both symptoms and root causes and fight pollution with all of its might in order to make the skies blue again. it will promote clean heating in winter in northern china. china will also accelerate the large-scale and efficient utilisation of natural gas in four major areas including urban gas, industrial fuel, gas power generation, transportation fuel, promote the coordinated development across the industrial chain from upstream to downstream and make natural gas become the major energy in chinas modern energy system. as a result of favourable policies such as lng vehicle tax incentives and inclusion of cng and lng vehicle into the green procurement list of government, the vehicle lng market will gradually recover. as a clean, low carbon-emission and green energy by adding natural gas power generator, natural gas will play an important role in chains efforts to make the skies blue again. there is still broad room for development for the prc natural gas utilisation market and the group will embrace the unique opportunity for development.
cnpc accelerates the development of natural gas and pipelines business as a strategic and value-added business. as an important part of the natural gas industrial chain of cnpc, the group will receive stronger support in terms of resource protection, business allocation and network construction from cnpc and achieve faster growth relying on its overall advantages. in the future, the group will actively seize the development opportunities of the prc natural gas industry and accelerate the release of benefit brought by the comprehensive in-depth reform of cnpc. it will promote development led by innovations in an effort to make new breakthroughs in terms of the system reform, structure optimisation and capital 
for natural gas pipeline business, the group will actively adopt measures to maintain the steady operation of its existing trunk pipelines, strictly control quality, safety, construction phase and investment to ensure that no. 4 shaanxi-beijing pipeline will commence operation as scheduled.
for lng terminal business, the group will accelerate the development of the emergency peak protection project. the group will closely monitor the developments of the third-party access policies for lng terminals and strive to obtain the spot sales right in the window period to expand sales volume.
for natural gas utilisation business, the group will focus on optimising urban gas business, developing natural gas branch pipeline business, actively participating in natural gas power generation and distributed energy business, actively developing lngcng terminal business, optimising lng processing, storage, transportation and trading business, as well as refining lpg sale business, so as to realise the combination of production with capital, greatly improve the quality and fully improve its image and enterprise value.
for city gas business, it strives to register over 700,000 new customers. for branch pipeline development, it will complete and commence operation of over 10 branch pipelines including changsha-liuyang branch pipeline. for natural gas power generation and distributed energy business, the group will speed up its cooperation with major power generation companies, seek opportunities to provide gas supply to national projects, and continue to promote the cooperation between gas and electricity companies and the development of distributed energy projects. for cnglng terminal business, it will strengthen the practical cooperation with refined oil sales enterprises in gas refilling for vehicles and vessels, keep a close eye on the transportation fuel upgrading projects and capture the new round of development opportunities brought by the oilto-gas conversion. for lng processing, storage, transportation and trading business, the company will conduct in-depth research of coordinated development of the lng industrial chain, coordinate the development of terminal, plant and end business, establish a mechanism for integrated operation of regional plants and stations, and increase the overall load of lng plants. for lpg sales business, the group will strive to increase the percentage of end sales to above 25%.
in the meantime, the group will adhere to its development concepts of safety and environmental protection, compliance, cooperation and sharing and open integration, vigorously implements its five major strategies in respect of market, resources, capital, quality and innovations. with providing clean energy to serve a harmonious society as its corporate missions, the group will continue to implement a sound health, safety & environment system and build an appropriate and effective environmental, social and governance risk management and internal control system. it will further strengthen its sustainable development ability, accelerate its development towards a world-class natural gas utilisation company with a leading position in the prc and create values for shareholders through outstanding performance.

the board recommends the payment of a final dividend of hk7.4 cents per share (2015: hk6 cents per share) to shareholders whose names appear on the companys register of members (the shareholders register) on 14 june 2017 (wednesday) subject to the approval at the annual general meeting of the company (the 2017 agm). the payment will be made on or before 30 june 2017. the proposed 2016 final dividend amounts to a total of approximately hk$597 million and 2015 dividend of hk$484 million was paid in 2016, which represents a payout ratio (dividend per share divided by basic earnings per share) of approximately 90.69% or 13.60% of core earnings per share (2015 restated: 32.43% or 15.08%).
closure of shareholders register
for the purposes of determining shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 agm, and entitlement to the final dividend, the shareholders register will be closed. details of such closures are set out below: during the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. to be eligible to attend and vote at the 2017 agm, and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the companys branch registrar in hong kong, tricor secretaries limited, at level 22, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, hong kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.
annual general meeting
the 2017 agm will be held on 2 june 2017 (friday). the notice of the 2017 agm, which constitutes part of the circular to shareholders, will be sent together with the 2016 annual report. the notice of the 2017 agm and the proxy form will also be available on the websites of the company and the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange).
by the order of the board 
chairman & executive director hong kong, 28 march 2017 