chairman s statement
for the year ended 31st march, 2004, the group recorded a turnover of hk$159.8 million, representing a decline of 14.4% when compared with the previous year.
despite a decrease in turnover during this financial year, profit before taxation was relatively stable at hk$20.4 million (2003: hk$21.5 million). the decrease in turnover was attributable to the slowdown of manufacture and sale activity, which was offset by the gain on the disposal of an investment property amounting to hk$6.3 million.
following the completion of the tax review by the inland revenue department during the year and without further accounting for additional tax provision as in the last year, profit attributable to shareholders was amounted to hk$18.9 million when compared with hk$10.9 million last corresponding year.

the directors proposed the payment of a final dividend of hk1 cent per ordinary share (2003: nil) for the year ended 31st march, 2004. subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held on 25th august, 2004, the final dividend will be paid on 9th september, 2004.
closure of register of members the register of members of the company will be closed from 23rd august, 2004 to 25th august, 2004 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the company will be effected. in order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, had to be lodged with the company s registrar, secretaries limited, at ground floor, bea harbour view centre, 56 gloucester road, wanchai, hong kong, not later than 4:00 p.m., on 20th august 2004.

for the financial year under review, the group s core activity of sale of bags and pouches for photographic equipment had experienced challenging time. fierce competition and pressure on margin continued to be the order of the day. despite all these adverse conditions, the management was managed to introduce increasingly tighter cost control measures and to boost up higher productivity of all manufacturing bases so that the group s profit margin was not materially affected and the distribution and administrative costs were also controlled and cut down in this challenging financial year under review.

despite the challenges facing ahead, the group is confident to maintain its leading position in the photographic industry.
in response to the continuous pressure from the photographic market, the group has re-distributed and diversified more marketing and manufacturing resources into electrical and multimedia markets, for which the group has acquired good knowledge and experience in these markets over the past several years. reacted by the management s working in a down- to-earth manner, striving proactively and providing the best services and products to customers, the management is optimistic about business prospects for the coming financial year.
whereas the group financed development project in the prc has commenced to generate cash inflows, the directors consider that the prc property portfolio refinement will maximize the returns to the shareholders in the long run.

we wish to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and staffs for on-going support and for sharing the company s confidence and commitment.

