c hairman s s tatement 
2006 was another successful year for kingboard chemical holdings limited (the group). benefited from the buoyant global economy, the groups three core businesses, namely, laminate, chemical and printed circuit board (pcb) had continued to enjoy strong growth. the group achieved record revenue and profit for the fourth year in a row with consolidated sales reaching hk$16.8 billion which was 28% higher than that of the previous year. the groups earnings before interest and tax (excluding the gain from the spin off of laminate business and discount on acquisition) exceeded hk$3,028.8 million which was 47% higher than the 
beyond the delivery of a solid financial performance, the group reached another milestone following the spin off of the laminate business under the name kingboard laminates holdings limited (kingboard laminates) on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange) on 7 december 2006. the separate listing of kingboard laminates would enable investors to appraise and assess the potential and performance of the respective business units distinctly within the group. in addition, the success of the initial public offering of kingboard laminates enables it to access to the international capital markets so as to capture additional growth opportunities as they arise.
with a strong balance sheet, the group is in a better position than it has ever been to seize future growth opportunities for both pcb and chemical divisions.
as a diversified group, kingboard is mindful of the need for management control over a wide geographic span with myriad businesses, which in turn enhances corporate governance and shareholders return. i shall now elaborate our continuous effort to sustain the groups earnings growth.

we reported excellent results for 2006. given our persistent focus on capacity growth and capability upgrading in the last few years, the group had successfully ridden on the robust global demand for the consumer electronics product. being the largest laminate producer in the world, the group was able to take full advantage of its vertically integrated business model with a competitive cost structure to continuously gain share in the global laminate market.
as a result, revenue (including inter-segment sales) for the laminate division recorded a 40% growth to hk$8,243.3 million.
earnings before interest and tax (ebit) rose even higher by 48.5% to hk$1,807.4 million over previous year. volume sales were up by around 14% with the average monthly shipment reaching 7.3 million square meters. revenue growth had outpaced volume growth because of tight supply of upstream raw materials which resulted in higher average selling price of laminate in the year. in addition, the capacity expansion located in fogang, guangdong province with lower operational cost base had contributed positively to our margin expansion.
with regards to pcb division, we saw surging demand from most key market segments due to upturn in emerging market economies as well as the continuous business migration from other parts of the world to china. as a result, our major manufacturing sites had been operating near full capacities during the year. backed by a global customer base, revenue for pcb division was up 25.8% to hk$6,650 million. though oil and commodities price increases had brought higher material costs, ebit had increased in tandem to hk$686.2 million as compared to previous financial year. the outstanding performance of kingboard pcb division clearly demonstrated our unequivocal position as the largest pcb manufacturer in china and one of the top ten pcb manufacturers in the world.
the chemical division achieved revenue and ebit growth of 25.5% to hk$4,011.4 million and 102.5% to hk$342.0 million respectively in 2006. benefited from increasing economies of scale and the significant cost advantages we had by being an early mover in certain chemical project investments, our ebit margin expanded by 3.2% to 8.5% in spite of higher feedstock costs. the newly completed projects such as the caustic soda plant expansion at hengyang, hunan province and the cokemethanol plant in hebei province had performed more profitably than previous year. our joint venture with china bluechemical limited in hainan province started commercial production in december 2006 and, with its strategic location, is exporting methanol to south-east asian countries such as malaysia in addition to domestic sales.
liquidity and capital resources
the groups consolidated financial position changed distinctly following the successful listing of kingboard laminates on the stock exchange on 7 december 2006. the group received net proceeds of approximately hk$6 billion from the spin off exercise of kingboard laminates. in addition, the group received about hk$854.6 million from the conversion of around 42.7 million warrants to new shares of the company. as a result, the group had net cash of hk$715 million as at 31 december 2006 which was contrary to last financial years net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash to total equity) of 58%.
furthermore, the retained group (excluding kingboard laminates and elec & eltek international company limited) was at a net cash position of hk$3,060.3 million.
the net working capital cycle improved from 103 days as at 31 december 2005 to 96 days as at 31 december 2006 on the following key metrics: inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 73 days as a result of more raw material being purchased for the expanded production capacity across the core businesses (31 december 2005 66 days) trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, improved to 97 days (31 december 2005 106 days) trade and bills payable, in terms of creditors turnover days, improved to 74 days (31 december 2005 69 days) as at 31 december 2006, net current assets and current ratio of the group were hk$9,467.1 million (31 december 2005 hk$2,857.3 million) and 2.90 (31 december 2005 1.56), respectively. the mix of bank borrowings between short term and long term bank borrowings stood at 24%:76% (31 december 2005 33%:67%). around 2% of the bank borrowings was denominated in renminbi and the rest in hong kong or us 
our recurrent operating cash inflow was strong and positive even after funding working capital requirement, capital expenditure and payment of interest and tax during the year. in 2006, the group had invested hk$2,393.2 million in new production facilities across core businesses so as to ride on new business opportunities.
the group continued to adopt prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rate swap contract to minimize the exposure to fluctuation in interest rates movement. there is no material foreign exchange exposure to the group during the year under review. the groups revenue, mostly dominated in hong kong dollars, renminbi and us dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

as at 31 december 2006, the group had a global workforce of over 42,900 (31 december 2005 37,600). the increase in headcount was in line with our ongoing expansion blueprint.
other than offering competitive salary package, the group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our financial achievement and individuals performance.

our remarkable operating performance has put the group in an excellent position to invest in future earnings growth.
nevertheless, the group is not complacent and will continue its relentless effort on cost management and efficiency 
after some brief softness in demand for laminates at the start of 2007 due to seasonal effect of chinese lunar new year, our laminate order book has picked up since march 2007 and our plants are operating near full capacity. the group plans to further expand production capacity of laminates and upstream component materials so as to increase our market share and capture new business opportunities in the global market place.
our plant expansion in fogang, guangdong province and jiangyin, jiangsu province would increase the glass epoxy laminate monthly production capacity by 29% by the end of 2007.
for the pcb division, management experienced slower market demand from the computer and peripherals segment over the first two months of 2007 due to post-festival inventory correction while demand from other business segments remained healthy.
although the group enjoys a significant presence in the single side to 6-layer count product segment, we are now proactively planning to extend our core competence into the higher profit margin product segment including hdi and higher layer count pcb. we plan to expand our multi-layer pcb production capacity by about 20% in 2007. the co-operation and alliance of different pcb shops within the group, among others, will remain one of the key objectives to move forward.
the group will continue to expand the chemical division. the methanol project in chongqing has progressed smoothly and expects to be completed by end of 2007 which will provide an additional methanol output of 37,500 tonnes per month. the other two joint venture methanol projects in shanxi province will add another 16,700 tonnes monthly production by first half of 2008. with the huge success of phase one of the cokemethanol plant in hebei province, we have recently commenced construction of phase two with similar production capacity as phase one and expect it to be operational in 2008. to capitalize on the lower cost structure of caustic soda plant in hengyang, hunan province, capacity expansion is underway with a targeted completion date by the first half of 2008.
in addition, the phenolacetone plant in huizhou, guangdong province shall commence operation in year 2007. with all these chemical expansion projects coming on stream, the group is well poised to seize further growth opportunities in the chemical division which will contribute greater value to the group.

finally, on behalf of the board of director (board), i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the group.
cheung kwok wing

hong kong, 29 march 2007 