it gives me great pleasure to report that kingboard chemical holdings limited (the group) continues to grow from strength to strength. our focus on core business and values has brought us another year of record-breaking turnover and profits in financial year 2005, for the third year in a row.
the integration of elec & eltek group into the group following our acquisition in last financial year end went on smoothly and effectively. since april 2005, we have started supplying critical raw materials such as prepreg, copper foil, copper clad laminates and other essential materials to elec & eltek group. in addition, the synergy brought by the alliance of all our printed circuit board (pcb) subsidiaries including elec & eltek group has enabled us to enhance our technical capability and flexibility as well as to obtain better terms from suppliers. besides, our business spectrum has further widened by taking over the other two business segments of elec & eltek group, namely liquid crystal display (lcd) and magnetic products. in short our enlarged business via this acquisition benefits from more new dynamic opportunities and synergy in core competencies, geographical presence, technology, customers and suppliers.
with a good spread of businesses across the core product segments, our performance for the year reflects the groups resilience through challenging times and the importance of maintaining a balanced business portfolio. we have also raised the standards of our internal business processes and internal controls which will certainly put us in good stead as we move 
in late 2005 for the six consecutive years the group was named by the forbes magazine as one of the worlds best small companies. it may be the last time for us to receive this honour as the groups sales is now beyond the entry criteria of annual sales being less than us$1 billion.
amidst the many challenges in the present volatile world economy, 2005 was a year of excellent performance for the 
including the contribution from elec & eltek group, the kingboard groups revenue and earnings before interest and tax (ebit) rose 85% and 53% to hk$13.1 billion and hk$2,063.2 million respectively. profit for the year attributable to equity holders of the parent, despite adversely impacted by higher interest expenses, effective tax rate, and profit sharings with minority interests, increased by 30% to reach hk$1,435.8 million in the financial year just ended.
excluding contribution from elec & eltek group, the group recorded a 42% improvement in revenue to hk$9,519.2 million and, after deducting the interest expenses incurred for the acquisition of elec & eltek group, a 15% increase in net profit to hk$1,251.6 million.

all key business segments experienced different patterns of fluctuation in order booking throughout the year. this reflects the inherent value of the groups balanced business portfolio.
despite a slow start in 2005 the electronics industry was considered to perform well in most part of 2005 amidst the interest rate hikes and rising oil price. we continued to broaden our market share in both paper and glass epoxy laminate businesses. the laminate division recorded 41% growth in revenue to hk$5,884.8 million, and 16% increase in ebit to hk$1,217.3 million in this financial year. volume sales were up by around 25% with monthly shipment hitting 6.4 million sq. meters, indicating our continued momentum to gain market share. ebit margin fell slightly to 20.7%. the new glass yarn capacities coming on stream worldwide during the first half of 2005 had been gradually absorbed by the emerging market demand, allowing more balanced supply and demand of glass yarn and hence reversing the down-trend of glass epoxy laminate prices. paper laminate market conditions were favorable throughout the year. our unrivaled and leading position in the paper laminate industry continued to enable the group to enjoy a satisfactory return.
with positive growth in the global pcb demand, coupled with continuous outsourcing of components in china, the group becomes a clear beneficiary of this expanding regional business opportunity. bolstered in part by the successful integration with elec & eltek group, the group achieved a 188% increase in revenue in this financial year to hk$5,284.2 million and ebit margin improved to 10.7%. excluding contribution from elec & eltek group, the pcb business of the group posted a 23% solid revenue growth. the growth was broad based across all of major applications with particular strength noted in the 
the groups investment in the chemicals division in the previous years continued to bear fruits in 2005. leveraging on economies of scale, the group managed to absorb the escalating feedstock and energy costs without an adverse impact on profitability. the caustic soda plant in hengyang of hunan province completed its expansion in august 2005 and the increased output has been fully taken up by its customers in the southern china region. revenue for the chemicals division, excluding contribution from coke, rose to hk$2,472.3 million in 2005, 32% higher than last financial year. ebit margin improved to 8.4% from 6.1% a year ago. including the contribution from coke, revenue for the chemicals division surged by 70% to hk$3,195.3 million and ebit margin reduced to around 5.3%. the coke-methanol plant, adversely affected by the delayed ramping up and start-up costs of methanol production facilities, incurred losses in the financial year but has become profitable in the first two months of the 
liquidity and capital resources
our consolidated financial position continued to be healthy.
as at 31 december 2005, net current assets and current ratio of the group were approximately hk$2,857.3 million (31 december 2004 hk$206 million) and 1.56 (31 december 2004 1.03) respectively.
net working capital cycle increased slightly from 102 days as at 31 december 2004 to 103 days as at 31 december 2005 on the following key metrics: inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, shortened to 66 days (31 december 2004 80 days) trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, improved to 106 days (31 december 2004 107 days) trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, decreased to 69 days (31 december 2004 85 
the groups ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash to equity attributable to equity holders of the parent (net gearing ratio) decreased to 67% (31 december 2004 96%) and further dropped to 58% if excluding bank borrowings of eeic on non-recourse basis. this improvement was achieved mostly through a mix of the issuance of 40 million new shares to institutional investors and the conversion of around 20.0 million warrants to new shares, raising the net proceeds of more than 
the groups borrowings portfolio has shifted towards longterm based funding after refinancing one-year bridging loan facilities with 5-year term loan and revolving loan facilities in june 2005. the mix of short term and long term bank borrowings was 33%: 67% (31 december 2004 53%: 47%).
approximately 1% of the bank borrowings were denominated in renminbi and the rest in hong kong or us dollars. the group has entered into interest rate swap agreements, covering more than 65% of the groups borrowings, to manage the increasing interest rates with a weighted average duration of 1.8 years at the end of december 2005.
the appreciation of renminbi against the us dollars had posed minimum impact on the groups performance since the groups revenue are substantially denominated in hong kong dollars, us dollars and renminbi in a proportion closely matching with the groups operational expenses.

as at 31 december 2005, the group had a global staff force of over 37,600 (31 december 2004: 31,600). the increase in the number of employees was mainly due to our continuous business growth. apart from the competitive salary package, share options and discretionary bonuses are also granted to eligible employees based on the groups financial achievement and individuals performance.

2006 looks set to be another exciting year as the current macro-indicators are still auguring well for the groups business developments, and all manufacturing facilities within the group have been operating near full capacity since the beginning of the current year.
robust demand for both paper and glass epoxy laminates remains unabated. the group stands ready to capitalize on our leading market position established over the past years. we will further expand our production capacity of glass epoxy laminate in fogang, guangdong province and will soon start the construction of a new glass epoxy laminate factory in jiangyin, jiangsu province. in addition, the installation of new paper laminate production line in kunshan, jiangsu province and the relocation of paper laminate facilities from shenzhen to fogang, guangdong province are expected to complete by the first half of year 2006. these new capacities will enable the group to ride on more business opportunities in china as well as overseas markets including the fast growing indian market.
demand for pcb manufactured in china is expected to continuously grow faster than the rest of the world, as the pcb facilities located in high cost countries such as north america, europe and japan have become less competitive. our established global footprint supported by the groups combined pcb production facilities being the largest in china will warrant us to be the prime beneficiary of the current globalization trend.
new production line installation at various plant locations is on schedule and projected to add an additional monthly capacity of 1.4 million square feet by the end of 2006. in addition we will continue to focus on strengthening the alliance of different pcb shops under the group in order to take advantage of the economies of enlarged scale.
the groups chemicals division continues to anticipate substantial growth over the next few years. a new epoxy resin plant alongside the planned glass epoxy laminate factory will be set up in jiangyin, jiangsu province. the construction of the methanol plant by our joint venture with cnoocs chemical division in hainan province is on schedule with trial production target in the third quarter of 2006. the setting up of the methanol plant in chongqing and the phenol and acetone plant in huizhou, guangdong province is underway and both plants will commence operation in 2007. in furtherance, the group is exploring the opportunity to utilize our know-how of coke-based methanol production process to manufacture methanol in shanxi province.
the electronic components business comprising lcd and magnetic products is expected to deliver another set of favorable performance in the current year. the group will continue to build on our strong partnership with customers by aligning our new product design closely with customers technology roadmaps as well as offering breakthrough process capabilities. on this front our new production facilities in qingyuan and luoding, guangdong province for our lcd and magnetic products respectively will help meet the growth of 
it has been a challenging yet fulfilling mission to keep the group at the forefront of the industry on the global platform.
for that i, on behalf of the board, would like to express gratitude to our shareholders, customers, and business associates for their continuous support. in addition i would like to thank our employees for their passion and dedication in preparing the group for future growth. last, but not the least, i personally wish to thank our fellow board members for their invaluable contributions to the group.
cheung kwok wing

hong kong, 28 march 2006 