chairman s letter first pacific s growth continued in 2013.
compound annual growth rate of 21% has been realized over the past 2013 saw first pacific maximize its returns to shareholders at record levels. while contribution growth was slightly disappointing and earnings declined due to non- recurring causes, we saw first pacific return a record share of recurring profit to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. i regard this as a commitment to deliver stronger results in 2014 and further ahead.
cash flows remained strong in 2013 with dividend income of more than us$300 million for the third year in a row. in addition to dividend payout, the company is further committed to spending up to 10% of recurring profit on share repurchases.
dividend payments amounted to record high 35% of 2013 recurring profit. this lifted the total return to shareholders cash dividends plus share repurchases to an historic high 45% of recurring profit.
first pacific continues to deliver on its commitment to enhance shareholder value.
returning earnings to shareholders is a critical part of this commitment. equally critical is investment for growth, where first pacific has taken some key steps forward.
our investment in pacificlight power will begin making a contribution in 2014, while our investments in a thai toll road operator and in the philippines biggest sugar company signal new areas of contribution growth going forward.
first pacific s growth continued in 2013. compound annual growth rate of 21% has been realized over the past 10 years. first pacific s capital-raising exercise in the form of a rights offering in 2013 significantly boosted funds available for mergers and acquisitions and we are keenly looking forward to their deployment. investments made in the near term will be essential for maintaining and increasing dividend flow to first in all, the future looks bright for the group. organic growth is strong and steady, and new investments are already contributing to earnings. nothwithstanding factors outside our control such as exchange rates and commodity prices, the first pacific group looks to the future with optimism.

25 march 2014 