it is with great delight that i present china merchants port holdings company limited (the company) and its subsidaries (the group) 2016 annual report and its audited financial statements for the year ended 31 december 2016.
in 2016, the global economy continued its deep adjustment.
the economic growth rate further slowed down and the risks arisen from various changes further increased. growth momentum varied with different developed economies, while the overall growth rate of the emerging markets and developing economies gradually stabilised. international trade remained sluggish and the growth rate of port industry continued to slow down. albeit the adverse macroeconomic environment, the group had, with the construction of a comprehensive port ecosystem as a pivot, adhered to our strategic plans and the six breakthroughs, the key objectives proposed at the meeting held at the beginning of the year, to pursue various designated tasks in a comprehensive and effective manner and successfully accomplished various 
in 2016, the overall operating performance of the group can be summarised by five merits, namely a steady and orderly kickoff, well-planned consolidation, successful port networking, innovation-in-progress and powerful dual drives. in terms of ports operation, the domestic and overseas projects in which the group invested delivered a record-high container throughput of 95.77 million teus in aggregate, up 14.5% from 2015, among which the container throughput handled by the groups overseas ports grew by 5.7% year-on-year to 16.96 million teus, with colombo international container terminals limited (cict) in sri lanka continuing a significant growth and achieved a breakthrough of 2 million teus. in terms of designated tasks, overseas expansion including in djibouti has made substantial progress. the consolidation of domestic ports operation, through the equity investment in dalian port (pda) company limited (dalian port), becoming the largest shareholder of zhanjiang port (group) co., ltd. (zpg) with the interests held by the group and its parent company, promoting the strategic cooperation in the region with shanghai international port (group) co., ltd. (sipg), (zhejiang pg) and (shantou pg), have also achieved preliminary results. through the 
, silk road e-merchants information technologies co., ltd.
(silk road e-merchants), shenzhen baohong ecommerce integrated services co., ltd. to participate in innovation projects such as an integrated electronic bulk trading platform for grains (exgrain.com), a comprehensive global trade service platform (silk road station) and the crossborder e-commerce integrated service platform (globex e-services) have shown promising development signs, and capital management in existing portfolio that were driven by integration of industry with elements of finance have provided solid support for the enhancement of the groups results.

profit attributable to equity holders of the group in 2016 amounted to hk$5,494 million, representing an increase of 14.3% from 2015. of this amount, recurrent profit note1 totalled hk$4,581 million, an increase of 2.7% from 2015. the proportion of ebitda note2 derived from the groups core port operations increased from 77.7% in 2015 to 78.6% in 2016.

the board of directors of the group has resolved to propose at the forthcoming annual general meeting the payment of a final dividend of 65 hk cents per ordinary share which, together with the interim dividend of 22 hk cents per share already paid, will give a total dividend of 87 hk cents per ordinary share for the whole year, representing a payout ratio of 41.5%. subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the final dividend for ordinary shares will be payable on or around 18 july 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company as at 9 june 2017.review for the year the year under review was a turbulent year filled with black swan events around the world. the progress of globalisation faced tough challenges, such as regional turmoil, struggles among major countries and development of geopolitical landscapes. against this backdrop of macroeconomic environment, the global economic growth was lower than expected and appeared to vary with different economies, resulting in increased uncertainties. according to world economic outlook report published in january 2017, the international monetary fund (imf) revealed that global economy grew by 3.1% in 2016, down 0.1 percentage point from that of 2015. of this, that for the developed economies grew 1.6%, down 0.5 percentage point from that of 2015, which was lower than expected while emerging markets and developing economies recorded a growth of 4.1%, which remained at the same level of 2015. global trade volume (including goods and services) grew by 1.9%, representing a further decrease of 0.8 percentage point from that for 2015.
in 2016, chinas gdp grew by 6.7% for the year and its economic growth rate remained at the top position among major economies. the economic development trend is broadly stable with steady growth. attributing to soft external demand, negative growth was seen in chinas total export and import value for the year, with total trade value amounting to us$3.68 trillion, a decrease of 6.8% over that of 2015. however, it demonstrated a positive upward trend for the year, which has been stabilising quarter by quarter. in the fourth quarter, both import and export values recorded a positive growth. container throughput handled by ports of significant scale in china totalled 218 million teus during 2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6%, or a decrease of 0.5 percentage points over that of 2015 in growth 
in light of unfavourable global economic and trade environment, the global ports growth continued to slow down in 2016. benefitting from the contribution from newly acquired projects, as well as the volume growth of projects in hong kong, taiwan and overseas, the groups ports operation was able to outperform the industry by registering a total container throughput of 95.77 million teus, which represented a 14.5% year-on-year rise and bulk cargo throughput of 460 million tonnes, representing an increase of 30.2% yearon-year.
looking into the regional performance, container throughput handled by the groups ports in mainland china totalled 71.93 million teus, up 17.0%. ports in hong kong and taiwan handled a combined container throughput of 6.88 million teus, up 12.0%, while overseas operations delivered a container throughput of 16.96 million teus, up 5.7%. among the major ports in the groups portfolio, sipg, handling a container throughput of 37.13 million teus, or a year-on-year increase of 1.6%, continued to be the worlds largest operator for seven consecutive years. container throughput handled by the groups terminals in west shenzhen was 10.97 million teus for the year, up 2.0%, which was 3 percentage points higher than the overall growth of ports in shenzhen. in the overseas arena, cict in sri lanka delivered a noticeable growth of 29.1%, handling a container throughput of 2.02 million teus, while lom container terminal s.a. in togo handled a container throughput of 0.53 million teus in 2016, up 5.1%.
ports de djibouti s.a. handled a container throughput of 0.99 million teus, up 10.1%. terminal link sas disposed its 35% equity interests in container handling zeebrugge in belgium by the end of 2015 and handled container throughput of 12.35 million teus during the year, representing a decrease of 
in 2016, the group insisted on following the strategic guidance and adhered to the three strategic directives of focus on domestic markets, overseas expansion and innovation, seeking to achieve breakthroughs among six major aspects including homebase port development, ports consolidation, overseas expansion, capital management in existing portfolio by integration of industry with elements of finance, operational transformation and business innovation.
the group has achieved remarkable progress over the past year thus ensuring the sustainable growth of the groups core ports operation and its business performance.
with respect to homebase port development, the phase ii of tonggu channel widening project has commenced construction in november 2016 and will be completed by the end of 2017. the project will be of significant importance to the improvement of navigation conditions in accommodating the trend of deployment of mega-vessels. synchronisation of operations within west shenzhen port zone was further facilitated by establishing a financial resource sharing centre to unify the accounting operation in order to share financial workforce. since the cooperation between west shenzhen port zone, sinotrans guangdong co., ltd. and chu kong
shipping enterprises (group) company limited in respect of domestic feeder business has made substantial progress, the groups influence in such regions was further enhanced, which was beneficial to the implementation of one-stop service model in the pearl river delta. regarding the innovation on customs clearance regulatory model, the group has reached a consensus on the development of certain new businesses including finance lease, bonded display, e-commerce and parallel import of cars with the customs.
as for ports consolidation, based on regional consolidation and enhancement of synergy, the group proactively captured the opportunities arising from the consolidation and reform of the ports along coastal regions in china. on 12 january 2016, the group entered into a share purchase agreement with dalian port, after which the group becomes its second largest shareholder. this marked a major step forward to further expand in bohai rim in the future. for yangtze river delta region, the group actively discussed with sipg and zhejiang pg to strengthen the cooperation on ports operation in the region. for pearl river delta region, the group and its parent company became the largest shareholder of zpg by virtue of their interest in the company, while at the same time, the group put greater efforts in the strategic cooperation with shantou pg, which is favourable for the group to promote resources consolidation for ports operations in pearl river 
regarding overseas expansion, on the basis of optimising the projects as a whole, the group continued to focus on promoting the development of the projects and strengthening its presence in overseas markets, with the goals to solidify ports layout in asia, improve ports network in africa, expand footprint in europe and acquire new exposure in americas. in 2016, the group discussed with the togolese government on further cooperation in togo. the group also made proactive efforts to participate in djibouti free trade zone project and has made substantial progress. as for various ports projects in europe, central and south america, south asia and africa,
the group has followed up closely on the progress. in 2016, the groups overseas projects, contributing 17.7% of its total container throughput, has become an important growth driver of the group.
with respect to capital management in existing portfolio by integration of industry with elements of finance, in 2016, the group established the capital management department and a platform company that engages in the investment in and equity integration of domestic ports. besides, meaningful exploration was made in respect of assets optimisation, fair values realisation and asset securitisation and actions were taken accordingly. the gains on capital operation have provided strong support for the growth of the groups results.
in terms of operational transformation, by adhering to the construction of a comprehensive port ecosystem as a pivot, the group completed the top-level design of the ecosystem with the transformation and upgrade of facilities as means, while conducting on-site research and communication regarding the implementation of ecosystem for the major ports in china.
the group also conducted study on and restructuring on the invested companies with a focus on the development of comprehensive port services business.
with regards to business innovation, the groups new businesses demonstrated good momentum of growth in 2016.
for example, silk road e-merchants established a training centre in djibouti, while exgrain.com recorded a cumulative spot trading volume of over 12 million tonnes in 2016 and was rewarded top 50 b2b bulk trading company in china of 2016 (2016b2b 50). besides, the construction plan of e-port project in the west shenzhen port zone was completed and will be implemented in three years, with a view to building a unified service platform for the west shenzhen 
in 2017, the global economy is expected to demonstrate a sluggish recovery in growth with obvious imbalance of performance varying across different countries. although the projections for economic growth in the united states are relatively positive, it will still be tough for the euro zone and japan to get rid of difficulties, and the steady growth of emerging markets and developing economies will remain the major drivers for the global economic growth. on the other hand, factors such as political confrontation, regional conflicts, trade protection and anti-globalisation will add uncertainties to the global economic growth. according to the latest forecast published by imf, the global economy is expected to grow by 3.4% in 2017, up 0.3 percentage point from that in 2016, while developed economies are projected to grow by 1.9%, an increase of 0.3 percentage point from 2016. among which, the projected growth of the united states, japan and the euro zone are 2.3%, 1.6% and 0.8% respectively, an increase of 0.7 percentage point from 2016 for the united states and a decrease of 0.1 percentage point for japan and the euro zone respectively. the emerging markets and developing economies are forecasted to grow by 4.5% in 2017, up 0.4 percentage point from that in 2016, while world trade volume (including goods and services) is projected to grow by 3.8% in 2017, showing recovery to a certain extent as compared to 2016.
chinas economy is expected to grow by 6.5% in 2017 as structural economic reforms continue to deepen.
against the backdrop of a feeble economic recovery and the restorative growth of world trade, the global port industry is again anticipating a picture of slow growth in 2017 with performance varying across regions. the three largest shipping alliances have commenced operation in 2017. the supply glut in shipping industry will persist and the transition from competition to consolidation will be the main development trend for regional ports. it is expected that the groups ports operation will still maintain a relatively positive growth mainly driven by the rapid growth of new projects and overseas 
the year of 2017 is critical to achieving the three-year strategic goal. constantly gravitating upon the strategic vision of to be a worlds leading comprehensive port service provider, the group will further promote the construction of a comprehensive port ecosystem, enhance quality, efficiency and capability, as well as strengthen, optimise and expand the core ports operation. the group will strive for the achievement of three strategies directives of consolidation, port-zonecity and innovation with designed tasks as set out below: firstly, in order to facilitate the development of the homebase port, the group will dedicate efforts to constantly pursue consolidation and unification of the west shenzhen port zone and step up its efforts in improving both the software and hardware of the homebase port. the group will ensure the construction progress of tonggu channel and commence transformation of mawan smart ports as scheduled in order to proactively proceed with the upgrade and transformation of the qianhai-shekou free trade zone. the above measures are in support of the establishment of single window for free trade zones carried out by the municipal government, with a view to improving the customs clearance environment on an 
secondly, in respect of consolidation of ports in china, the group will carry out in-depth study on the five main coastal regions, namely the bohai rim, the yangtze river delta region, the pearl river delta region, the south-eastern coastal region and the south-western coastal region, and seek to capture opportunities for expansion of the ports network layout within china. the group will lead new directions for consolidation of regional ports by focusing on its core strategies and exert every effort in promoting the development.
thirdly, in terms of the expansion of overseas ports network, the group will optimise the layout by leveraging on the strategic investment opportunities offered by the belt and road initiative with an emphasis on enhancing synergy. it will formulate specific work plan as scheduled, while closely monitor the key projects to facilitate the implementation of 
fourthly, with regards to the construction of a comprehensive port ecosystem, the group will nurture a comprehensive port ecosystem by taking e-port as the starting point and step up its efforts to promote a comprehensive port development model of port-zone-city. meanwhile, stemming from the foundation built upon successful experience of its existing internet+ businesses such as silk road station, exgrain.
com and globex e-services, the group will actively explore the port+ operational model with an aim to enrich the groups business propositions as a comprehensive port services provider and thus achieve business transformation and upgrade of the ports operation.
lastly, in terms of the capital management in existing portfolio by integration of industry with elements of finance, the group will continue to apply the dual drivers development model of assets and capital. more efforts will be put in internal research and reinforce the application of capital management by the integration of industry with elements of finance on multiple levels in order to provide growth drivers to upgrade the groups existing operations and business performances, thereby achieving the goal of improving production efficiency through the integration of finance elements.
looking into 2017, with global economy and trade velocity recovering at a slow pace and supply glut in the shipping industry, the prospect for global ports industry remains challenging. nonetheless, we will tackle these situations rationally by taking proactive actions to seek for innovations and changes to overcome all difficulties, and endeavour to enhance the groups operating results with an aim to deliver better investment return for shareholders.

the group, as always, strives to maintain a smooth investor relation through enhanced communication and exchanges with the investment community with a view to raising their timely understanding of, and confidence towards, the group.
more than 670 visits by investors and analysts were received andor met by the group in 2016, including on-site visits and meetings with our senior management. the group also keeps close contact with its shareholders and the investors through regular roadshow activities conducted from time to time across international investment markets, as a means to enhance the groups transparency and, in turn, governance standards, all towards establishing for the group a positive corporate image as a listed company.

standard and poors and moodys, the credit rating agencies, maintained the groups credit ratings at bbb+ and baa1 respectively in 2016.

the group has worked in concerted effort to steer through difficulties and achieve new breakthroughs amid the adverse macroeconomic and trade environment in 2016. all its works were completed successfully and steady improvement was seen in its operating results, which could not have been accomplished without the undivided dedication from all of our staff or the support from our shareholders and investors, business partners and those who have taken to heart the groups interest in the society. for this, i would like to extend my most sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude.

hong kong, 29 march 2017 