on behalf of the board (board) of directors (directors) of kingboard chemical holdings limited (the company), i am delighted to report an outstanding performance by the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the financial year ended 31 december 2016 (fy2016). during the year, a shortage of upstream materials led to an undersupply situation in the laminates market. with a competitive advantage built on a vertically integrated production platform, the groups laminates division was able to significantly lift productions and sales, thereby achieving a major breakthrough in its performance. as the restructuring of the printed circuit board (pcb) division began to deliver positive results, production efficiency was substantially enhanced while orders continued to grow. earnings contribution from this division has grown steadily. with the rally in international oil price, chemical prices have shown significant increases, driving the chemicals division to yield a strong rebound. the property division also reported robust results, with marked growth in the number of units pre-sold. relying on an improvement in the average selling price, the property divisions profit margin improved 
business review (continued) group revenue rose by 9% to hk$35,830.3 million in 2016, registering an underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) of hk$3,283.5 million, a significant increase of 89%. basic earnings per share based on underlying net profit were hk$3.193. during the year, the groups subsidiary, kingboard laminates holdings limited, disposed of a subsidiary holding land for commercial use in shenzhen, guangdong province. as a result, the groups reported net profit surged 205% to hk$5,026.8 million. basic earnings per share based on reported net profit were hk$4.889. the groups financial position remains robust and the board has therefore proposed a final dividend of hk70 cents per share and a special final dividend of hk30 cents per share, subject to shareholders approval. together with the interim dividend of hk30 cents per share paid in october 2016, this will constitute a full-year dividend of hk130 cents per share.

the group has been ranked as the worlds top one laminates producer for more than ten consecutive years. this achievement is attributable to the groups strong and comprehensive vertical integration business model. as a result of undersupply, market prices of glass fabric and other upstream materials rose significantly during the year, leading to several price increases of laminates. the divisions profit margin thus grew significantly. segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) increased by 8% to hk$13,923.1 million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (ebitda) increased substantially by 32% to hk$3,093.0 million.
benefitting from upgrades in telecommunications network equipment, as well as the wide application of smart home appliances and automobile electronics, the pcb division gained strong demand and recorded steady orders growth.
with the conclusion of its restructuring, the elec & eltek group achieved an earnings turnaround for the year, and is expected to be back on track to positive contribution hereafter. the pcb divisions segment turnover was up by 5% to hk$7,478.1 million, delivering an ebitda of hk$873.7 million, an increase of 19%.
the bottoming out of international oil price has driven the increase in the prices of the groups chemical products. chinas further move to reduce excess capacity has also brought evident improvement in the demand-supply dynamics in the market. the profit margins for chemical products have thus rebounded. segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) increased by 3% to hk$10,738.7 million, with ebitda growing 21% to hk$1,106.6 million.

the partial booking of pre-sales from huaqiao kingboard yu garden phase 2, zhangpu kingboard yu garden, kunshan development zone kingboard yu garden phase 3, qiandeng kingboard yu garden phase 2 and jiangyin kingboard yu garden phase 1 contributed property sales turnover of hk$4,860.2 million during the year. together with rental income of hk$625.9 million, segment turnover grew 35% to hk$5,486.1 million with ebitda increased by 72% to hk$1,699.6 million. pre-sales activities during the year generated contracted sales of hk$8,692.5 million on a contracted sales floor area of 650,000 square metres. as at 31 december 2016, the group held a prime land bank in shanghai and kunshan with a gross floor area of over 4 million square metres.
liquidity and capital resources
the groups financial and liquidity position continued to be robust. as at 31 december 2016, net current assets and current ratio of the group were approximately hk$12,176.1 million (31 december 2015: hk$20,190.8 million) and 1.54 (31 december 2015: 2.24) respectively.
the net working capital cycle decreased from 57 days as at 31 december 2015 to 41 days as at 31 december 2016 on the following key metrics: inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, was 23 days (31 december 2015: 30 days).
trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, was 53 days (31 december 2015: 64 days).
trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, was 35 days (31 december 2015: 37 days).
liquidity and capital resources

the groups net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) significantly decreased from 38% as at 31 december 2015 to 24% as at 31 december 2016, while the proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 47%:53% (31 december 2015: 30%:70%). during the year, the group invested hk$840 million and hk$5.1 billion in new production capacity and property development projects respectively. backed by a highly experienced professional management team, a sound business foundation and solid financial strength, management is confident that these investments will deliver stable and satisfactory returns to shareholders over the long term. less than 1% of the groups bank borrowings were denominated in rmb, while the remainder were in hong kong dollars or us dollars.
the group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. it did not enter into any material derivative financial instruments, nor did the group have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. the groups revenue, mostly denominated in hong kong dollars, rmb and us dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating expenses.

as at 31 december 2016, the group had a global workforce of approximately 41,800 (31 december 2015: 43,200). through the continued increase in the level of automation at its plants, the group was able to streamline its manpower. this has enabled the group to raise efficiency while controlling costs. in addition to offering competitive salary packages, the group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the group overall financial achievements and individual employee performance.
the groups continued success relies on a solid human resources strategy, part of which involved the establishment of the kingboard institute of management to provide management training for middle and senior managers of the group. the group also recruits fresh graduates from both mainland china and hong kong each year in its search for talents to nurture. in future, the group will continue its efforts in developing and retaining staff through its management training schemes, in order to sustain its long-term growth 
management has complete confidence in the prospects for the groups development in 2017. the groups multi-year investments in operational enhancements for its four core divisions have put it among the industrys top players in terms of r&d capabilities, production efficiency and environmental standards. riding on the significant recovery of the global business environment, the group looks forward to driving its performance further to deliver greater returns to shareholders.
looking ahead to 2017, the tight supply of upstream materials and laminates is unlikely to improve over the short term due to the lengthy process involved in capacity expansion. thus there is room for upward price adjustments in those products. in view of the strong market demand and considering further supply-demand dynamics in the market, laminates division plans to expand its capacity for glass fabric and other upstream materials, as well as that for 
driven by the replacement demand brought by the upgrading of smartphone devices, the demand for high density interconnect (hdi) pcb remains robust. the proliferation of smart home appliances, coupled with the introduction of new homes to the market, has helped to sustain a growing order for pcb used in home appliances. to cater to the keen market demand, the pcb division plans to add automated production facilities to its plant, while optimizing its product portfolio.
the chemicals division is constantly investing in environmental protection facilities in order to create a highly efficient and sustainable low-carbon production platform. it is expected that china will continue to phase out those chemical enterprises of weak performance in operating efficiency and environmental standards. apart from the tightening of approval for new chemical capacities, the cost of production also increases, which will raise the industrys entry barrier. management therefore anticipates further reduction in market supply, and subsequently steady earnings growth for the division.
shanghai kingboard plaza phase 1, located in changning district, shanghai, was completed during the second half of 2016. the group also acquired a commercial property in london, the united kingdom. these two projects are expected to drive significant growth in the property divisions rental income in 2017. the group has also scheduled the pre-sale of its residential projects in kunshan, jiangsu province, with a view to expediting cash returns from its developments. in respect of its land bank, the group will adopt a prudent and pragmatic approach before considering any expansion plans.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the group in the past year.
cheung kwok wing

hong kong, 24 march 2017 