statement from the chairman 
i am pleased to report that 2016 has been another productive year for kwih, following our solid performance in 2015. strong sales were recorded for the key projects launched by kwih in hong kong and mainland china, as a result of our astute strategies and commitment to excellence and quality. attributable revenue for the year increased by a substantial 95% to hk$12,570 million, the majority of which was from the sales of twin peaks and corinthia by the sea in hong kong, grand summit in shanghai, j wings and
j metropolis phase ii in guangzhou, and silver cove
phase i and ii in dongguan. attributable contracted sales (approximately hk$13 billion) reached more than hk$10 billion for a second consecutive year, of which approximately hk$6.3 billion was recognised in the accounts for the year. the remaining amount of approximately hk$6.7 billion, which is expected to be recognised in the next two years, will underpin future profits of the group.
the groups underlying profit for 2016 soared by 113% year-on-year to hk$2,808 million. profit attributable to equity holders grew by 133% to hk$3,182 million. our board has recommended a final dividend of 13 hk cents per share. together with the interim dividend of 5 hk cents per share, the total dividend for the year amounted to 18 hk cents per share, in line with kwihs commitment to sharing its results with shareholders.
recognition for k. wah excellence

hong kongs property market went through a period of high volatility during the year under review. pent-up demand for residential units returned to the market in march 2016, as sentiments again turned positive amid the continuing low interest rate environment and reduced expectations of a us rate hike. kwih capitalised on this window of opportunity by launching the spectra, a premium project situated next to the mtr west rail line, which received an enthusiastic response. as at the end of last year, close to 90% of the units had been sold and will generate considerable revenue for the group.
with property prices approaching new record highs, in november 2016 the hong kong government announced it would raise the stamp duty to 15% for all residential property transactions. the new measure thus curbed demand by speculators, who mostly remained on the sidelines. nevertheless, hong kongs sound fundamentals, strong availability of funds at low interest rates and consistently high demand for housing properties by residents are all expected to support the stable development of the property market.
in early 2016, the property market in mainland china regained momentum with the easing of the credit supply, the central governments continuation of its destocking policy introduced in late 2015, and additional cuts in interest rates and the bank reserve requirement ratio. the group seized this opportunity to launch several premium projects, which achieved excellent results. in the yangtze river delta region, these included grand summit in jingan district and the palace ii in xuhui district. both of these luxury home projects on prime sites in central shanghai were among the highest sales performers in the citys high-end property market. satisfactory sales were also recorded for the peak, the groups first project in nanjing, after the launch of the first batch of units. in the pearl river delta region, j wings and j metropolis phase iii in guangzhou were well received by buyers, as were silver cove phases i and ii in dongguan. the positive results achieved for these projects were clear evidence that the k. wah brand enjoys strong market recognition for its properties and the quality associated with them.
in september 2016, the central government introduced stringent regulatory measures, such as higher down payments and purchase restrictions, in a number of cities to curb rocketing property prices.
the group is of the view, however, that a stronger regulatory effort by the government will stabilise prices and contribute to the long-term, healthy development of the property market.
the groups recurring income, derived mainly from shanghai k. wah centre, increased by 8% to over hk$490 million. at the end of 2016, shanghai k. wah centre maintained almost full occupancy and stanford residences jing an in grand summit,
shanghai, reported an occupancy rate of over 80%.
both reflected the market recognition of their prime locations and premium services.
building up our landbank
kwih replenished its land reserve in hong kong and mainland china to provide solid support for future sales in a timely manner. in hong kong, kwih acquired kai tak area 1k site 2 in east kowloon in december 2016 for hk$5,869 million. the site is located at the centre of the kai tak development area and will eventually include comprehensive infrastructure facilities, such as kai tak station of the mtr shatin to central link, kai tak sports park and metro park, all designed to promote the area as an alternative core business district for hong kong. along with various other developments in the area, such as the groups k. city project now under construction, kai tak is set to become a vibrant new neighbourhood in hong kong with strong potential for further development.
to consolidate its presence in the yangtze river delta region, kwih expanded in nanjing. the group acquired a premium site and participated in the development of another premium site in december 2016 and earlier this year respectively. one is a residentialcommercial site at g89 jiangning district next to the nanjing south railway station and other transport and residential facilities. the second residential site is located at g87 pukou district, an area designated for hightech companies and innovative ventures focusing on scientific research and technological development. this site has access to strong educational facilities, such as southeast university one kilometre to the north.
seizing new opportunities
the global political and economic climate in 2017 will be underscored by several factors: the anticipated faster pace of us interest rate hikes, the commencement of the brexit process in great britain, the general elections in france and germany, and expectations for the continued devaluation of the rmb, all of which will cause uncertainty in the financial markets of hong kong, mainland china and the rest of the world.
additionally, the market expects there will be increasing outflows of mainland china funds given the rising yields of us dollar assets. in the meantime, at the 2017 central economic work conference it was stated that one of the priority tasks for the year would be to assure the stable and healthy development of the property market, based firmly on the principle of residential properties for owners use but not for speculation.
in view of these developments, kwih will continue to closely monitor trends in the global economy and review its risk management strategies to ensure we are always well-prepared for any challenges that may arise in the market.
with proven experience and solid financial strength, kwih remains committed to the creation of quality space for living. we will continue to launch new projects, subject to market conditions, for our sustainable, long-term business development. in hong kong, we have seen positive sales of k. city in the kai tak development area since its launch in february 2017. in the year ahead, we will launch the palace iii in the xuhui district, windermere in the qingpu district and azure in the pudong district of shanghai, while in the pearl river delta region we will launch huadu jiahua plaza phase iii, j metropolis phase iv in
guangzhou and silver cove phase iii in dongguan.
in addition, the group will continue to expand its investment property portfolio. the two new serviced apartments in shanghai, stanford residences xu hui in the palace and stanford residences jin qiao in
azure, will become operational in the second and fourth quarters of 2017, respectively, and j town, the commercial portion of silver cove in dongguan, is expected to become operational in the second quarter of the year. together, these will bring the total gfa of the groups investment properties closer to its goal of 200,000 sqm gfa for the portfolio.
kwih has maintained a sound financial position in the marketplace, despite volatility. with its robust sales revenue and relatively low gearing ratio of 14% at the end of 2016, strong liquidity is available for the groups business development. we will therefore continue to maintain our prudent yet progressive approach to selecting premium sites in hong kong, the yangtze river delta and pearl river delta regions on a highly selective basis, with a view to fueling our sustainable, long-term business development.
strong corporate governance for
our continuing success
at kwih, we firmly believe that sound corporate governance is essential to the success of our business.
as well as placing strong emphasis on high standards of corporate governance, we maintain effective risk management and internal control systems. the board of directors has played a critical role in this regard, providing the group with their advice and suggestions and helping to supervise the groups business and financial operations to ensure our shareholders interests are protected.
kwih has been able to achieve excellent results in this competitive and challenging era of globalisation thanks to the diligence and wisdom of our management team and the commitment of our employees. on behalf of my fellow directors on the board, i would like to express my sincere gratitude to the management and staff for their continuing efforts and loyal service. this year, as the group celebrates the 30th anniversary of its listing, we look forward to delivering even greater shareholder value and to work together to reach our next milestone of success.
dr lui che-woo

21 march 2017 