chairman & ceos statement after a long period of struggles through different challenges affecting the gaming industry in macau, we finally began to see positive signs of recovery in gaming revenue in the third quarter of 2016, and we even saw signs of improvement in the vip segment towards the end of the year. signifying our faith in macaus long term prospects, in february 2017, melco international has assumed majority ownership of melco resorts & entertainment limited (formerly known as melco crown entertainment limited). with conservative optimism for a stable recovery and long-term trust in the local gaming market, melco international continues to focus its effort in supporting tourism diversification in macau by breaking new grounds at the vanguard of luxury development, and at the same time, we have also been eagerly exploring opportunities in new markets. the series of monumental transformations we had undergone in 2016 has brought us closer to realising our vision of becoming a global leader in leisure and entertainment.
in macau, one of the key milestones achieved in 2016 has been the unveiling of morpheus, the new hotel brand created for the fifth hotel tower at city of dreams. morpheus is to be situated in the worlds first free-form exoskeleton architectural composition designed by the late dame zaha hadid, dbe., and is expected to become an icon in the macau skyline, setting a new benchmark for contemporary ultra-luxurious hospitality. this architectural masterpiece embodies a new sophisticated luxury that illustrates what we have to offer in macaus quest towards becoming a world centre of tourism and leisure.
morpheus is expected to commence operation in 2018.
in addition, we were very excited to launch the highly anticipated new retail area at city of dreams in december 2016, which is three-fold the former retail space. we believe that the new mall, which features the largest shoe salon in hong kong and macau, the largest beauty hall in southern china and a personal stylist team dedicated to guiding individual customers through the latest offerings according to their personality and taste, introduces a new thinking that shapes the future of luxury retail and strengthens our leading position in the premium mass market segment in the region.
studio city, our hollywood-inspired, cinematically-themed integrated resort celebrated its first anniversary in october 2016. since its grand opening a year ago, the asias entertainment capital has attracted over 10 million visitors and garnered more than 35 local and international awards for its enthralling gamut of world-class entertainment offerings and efforts in creating remarkable experiences for visitors to macau. studio city has successfully transformed macaus entertainment landscape and enhanced our non-gaming entertainment proposition by introducing many firsts in entertainment to the city. besides, while studio citys core focus remains on its mass market offerings which are ideally aligned to the demand landscape in macau, we have introduced rolling chip operations there in november 2016 to enhance the propertys gaming proposition. after the ramp-up period, the property is now running in full steam and has significantly broadened the groups income stream. we anticipate that the propertys vip operations will contribute meaningfully to the groups revenue in the coming quarters.outside of macau, city of dreams manila, our integrated resort in the philippines, continues to increase its gaming market share by delivering strong revenue growth across all gaming segments. the improvement in gaming operations together with cost efficiencies identified through our group-wide focus on managing reinvestment and other operating expenses has resulted in a solid financial performance in the fourth quarter of 2016. our decision to invest in the philippines, which continues to be the fastest-growing gaming market in the world, is testament to our commitment to identify and commit to new markets or development opportunities that meet our stringent investment criteria and enable us to expand our gaming and non-gaming network around the region and diversify our income stream. in the russian federation, tigre de cristal, the casino project in which we have an interest, has continued to ramp up, with the main contribution to its profitability coming from the rolling chip business which targets vip customers from northeast asia, enabling us to capture the full potential of the region.
as a bellwether for the integrated resort industry, we take pride in staying at the forefront of our customers minds by providing them with not only unparalleled enthralling entertainment, but also an impeccable hospitality experience. we are immensely gratified that, year after year, astute travellers who look for the highest level of style, comfort and sophistication invariably return to us for the best-in-class services and experiences. certainly, 2016 marks the pinnacle of melco internationals history as a leading integrated resort operator not only did we lead all of macau with the most five-star awards in the latest forbes travel guide, we have also officially topped the authoritative michelin guide hong kong macau 2017 with five michelin-starred dining establishments in macau, again more than any of our peers in that city. separately, city of dreams and studio city were named macaus leading resort and asias leading new resort by the world travel awards 2016 respectively. apart from that, studio city has also garnered the casinointegrated resort of the year award from international gaming awards 2016. these accolades further cement melco internationals unshakable position as a market leader in the leisure and entertainment 
in order to establish the group as a global entertainment and gaming operator, we have always been looking for growth and development opportunities which enable us to expand our global network. leveraging our strong experience and proven track record of creating and operating world-class integrated entertainment and leisure resorts, in may 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary melco gaming assets management (korea) limited, entered into a strategic cooperation arrangement with new silkroad korea development limited on the provision of consultancy services for its casino project on jeju island, south korea.
outside of asia, in cyprus, the multinational consortium consisting of melco international, hard rock international and cyprus phasouri (zakaki) limited, has successfully satisfied the requirements of the tender process of licensing an integrated casino resort in the country in november 2016. the consortium has now entered the final stage of obtaining a 30-year license for the operation of the new casino resort, with a 15-year exclusivity period, from the 
notably, we are also eagerly advancing our plan to secure a gaming license in japan, as the legalization of casinos in december 2016 has paved the way for tremendous business opportunities in this wealthy and populous country.
although the regulatory framework is yet to be set up, we are optimistic about the prospects of japan and are committed to earmark significant resources with the goal of developing a distinctive integrated resort for japan in the 
besides business development and growth, as a responsible corporate citizen, we are very committed to giving back to and creating value for the communities in which we have deep roots as well. we have always placed corporate governance and corporate social responsibility as our top priority. our inclusion as one of the constituent stocks of the hang seng corporate sustainability benchmark index is a strong testimony to our efforts in this regard. in 2016, we have also garnered the best csr award from corporate governance asia magazine. besides, all three of our hotel towers at city of dreams, namely grand hyatt macau, crown towers and hard rock hotel have brought home gold medals from the macao green hotel awards for their outstanding environmental measures.
looking ahead, macaus gaming industry as a whole continues to face market headwinds, including stricter capital controls in mainland china, depreciation of the renminbi, smoking control measures and competition from new casino resorts. nonetheless, there is plenty of room for optimism. the ongoing recovery of macau that we have witnessed since mid-2016 would be underpinned by a pivot of the market towards the mass market segment, which is the bread and butter of our business, thanks to the growing chinese middle class and the transformation of the chinese economy from an investment-driven model to a consumption-oriented one. furthermore, the expected completion of the hong kong-zhuhai-macao bridge and the light rail transit station near studio city by the end of 2017 are set to improve traffic access to city of dreams and studio city, our properties in cotai, macau. all in all, we are sanguine about our prospects in our home market in the 
to maximise our potential, melco international will also continue to enhance our operations in macau, the philippines, russia, south korea, mainland china and panasian markets, advance our expansion plan in cyprus, and explore new opportunities in other countries, such as japan.
as 2017 marks the 90th anniversary of our listing on the stock exchange of hong kong limited, we believe it is destined to be an extraordinary year and we are all looking forward to an exciting ride which will take us to unprecedented new heights.
finally, i would like to thank our board of directors, shareholders, employees and business partners for their unwavering support over the years, without which we would not be able to stand at where we are today. in the coming years, we look forward to further strengthening our global presence and continuing to bring the cream of the crop into the entertainment landscape of asia and beyond.
ho, lawrence yau lung
chairman and chief executive officer
