chairman & ceo s mr. ho, lawrence yau lung chairman and chief executive officer melco group celebrated its 100th anniversary with significant progress in its business results in the year 2010, primarily driven by continued improvements in our core business of gaming & macau . our strategies in driving operating leverage and in improving the profitability of our portfolio of assets in macau, particularly in ramping up our mass market and vip business, have been proven effective, resulting in new records in quarterly rolling chip volume, mass table drop and slot handle in the fourth quarter of 2010. the new operating management structure at melco crown entertainment limited has also shown positive impact on our business within the few months since it has been implemented.
one of our key strategies in enhancing mass gaming infrastructure at our flagship project, city of dreams, was the opening of the house of dancing water in september 2010.
the success of the spectacular extravaganza has created a truly phenomenal attraction in the eyes of general public in hong kong, macau and overseas visitors since its opening. it has not only earned plaudits from audiences and critics alike, but also generated significant positive ripple effects throughout the business including higher property visitation, hotel occupancies, restaurant covers and gaming spends. through the end of 2010, our database grew to more than 560,000 members, and it continues to fuel our growth in the mass market. to sustain this upward trend, we have implemented strategies to further leverage the success of this world- class production and we expect the opening of additional entertainment amenities in 2011, including the largest nightclub across hong kong and macau, club cubic; and the world- famous hard rock caf, to add significant contributions to the resort s visitation and mass market revenue.
looking into 2011, we continue to have a positive outlook as macau s tourism industry shifts its center of gravity southwards to cotai with new resorts opening in the neighborhood, further enhancing the entertainment proposition of this area.
the strong economy in mainland china will continue to be the powerhouse propelling significant growth in the coming year. the expansion of the middle class in china will continue to drive wealth and consumer spending, which provides a strong background for long-term, if not, multi-generational growth. this, combined with the proactive stewardship by the macau sar government, has forged a solid framework for the ongoing development and growth of the macau s tourism and going forward, we expect to continue seeing notable improvement in the performance of our core leisure and entertainment business with melco crown entertainment limited and the full operating results of its comprehensive portfolio comprising city of dreams, altira macau and mocha as a major player in the leisure and entertainment sector in the greater china region, melco group will continue to maintain the highest corporate governance standards and to honor its corporate social responsibilities. although our business continues to be dynamic with innovative business strategies, our ultimate goal remains unchanged delivering satisfactory and long-term returns to shareholders.
finally, on behalf of the board of directors, i would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management team and staff for their commitment and contribution to the group s business in the past year. i would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to all our bankers, investors and business partners for their continuous support and trust.
ho, lawrence yau lung chairman and chief executive officer
