the growth of gdp of the peoples republic of china (the prc) continued to slow down, with a year-on-year growth rate decreased to 6.7% in 2016. the changes in the political situation in europe and america are affecting the international economic development, resulting in a sharp depreciation of the renminbi exchange rate. costs of certain raw materials increased, and the food and beverage industry has not yet recovered under the pressure of the economic downturn.
amids t the ongoing indus trial s tructural adjus tment, innovative and upgraded products are obviously favoured by consumers. existing products continued to be challenged and compressed, with their growth turning to a slow down or even a recession. changes in consumers preferences intensified, pushing the product life cycle towards a test. making timeless products and establishing consumer-recognized brand value becomes another round of challenges.
in 2016, uni-president china holdings ltd. (the company) and its subsidiaries (together, the group) upheld the spirit of progress through innovation, brand building and operation and continued to promote product upgrading and improve the marginal efficiency prudently. in the second half of 2016, we have implemented sales channel reform, sales rhythm adjustment and organization integration, to strive to reach the business goals set by the board (the board) of directors (the directors) and maximize benefit in a more reasonable and effective way under the new economic situation.
in 2016, the group recorded a revenue of rmb20,985.5 million and profit attributable to shareholders of rmb607.3 million. the revenue of instant noodles recorded a historic high at rmb8,221.1 million, representing a growth of 8.6% when compared to the same period of last year. the market share of instant noodles has made a further breakthrough to 21.0%, in which soup daren grew rapidly under the continuous implementation of mid-high end instant noodles development strategy and became a significant brand priced at rmb5.0 and above. the overall instant noodles business recorded profit due to the increase in revenue when compared to the same period of last year. the revenue of beverages business amounted to rmb12,180.7 million, representing a downturn of 13.3% when compared to the same period of last year. as the overall economic growth has slowed down, the whole beverage market remained sluggish.
classmate xiaoming has successfully driven the rapid development of the ready to drink tea market with selling price of rmb5.0 and above and become a role model in the industry. haizhiyan adjusted its sales rhythm and carried out channel inventory improvement. the scale of existing products reduced because of the changes in consumer trends, and as a result, profit decreased.
the group will insist on satisfying the consumers demands as its priority. by continuously launching differential and innovative products, building brand value, expanding market scale, enhancing integrated efficiency of the organization, the group will take the new round of opportunities in the food and beverage industry to develop a new setup.

having accounted for our overall performance, balances, financial conditions, capital expenditures, etc., the board proposes to declare a final cash dividend of rmb2.812 cents per share (amounting to a total dividend of rmb121.5 million) for the year ended 31 december 2016 at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.

the prcs economy is expected to continue to slow down in 2017, while the gdp growth remains moderate. the uncertain factors in international economic development will increase as the political situations change. raw materials costs are likely to rise, so do the exchange rate risk. food and beverage market will continue industry structure adjustment. the group is optimistic about the development in 2017 and expects the economy will grow steadily. the group will focus on its core competitiveness and leverage on its organizational abilities in innovation to grasp the market trend and consumers preference, and to continue developing high-quality innovative products. it will also facilitate sales channel reform and create reasonable returns for all shareholders.

our groups steady growth is credited to every partys support and dedication. on behalf of the board, i would like to express our sincere gratitude to clients, suppliers, partners, financial institutions and shareholders for their unparallelled support, especially for all my colleagues efforts and contributions in the past year.
mr. lo chih-hsien

24 march 2017 