chairman s statement i am pleased to present the 20122013 annual report to shareholders.
final results for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013, the group s underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, was hk$3,418.1 million, an increase of 27.3% from hk$2,685.6 million in the last financial year. underlying earnings per share was hk$2.194, an increase of 24.3% from last financial year.
the group s reported net profit attributable to shareholders was hk$5,977.4 million (20112012: hk$5,380.8 million). earnings per share was hk$3.837 (20112012: hk$3.536). the reported profit for the year included a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of hk$2,559.3 million compared with a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) of hk$2,695.2 million last financial year.
dividends the directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 38 cents per share in respect of the financial year ended 30th june, 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on 30th october, 2013. together with the interim dividend of 12 cents per share, the total dividend for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013 is 50 cents per the directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. the scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the annual general meeting to be held on 23rd october, 2013; and (2) the stock exchange of hong kong limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.
a circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be dispatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 5th november, 2013. it is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates for the scrip dividend will be dispatched to shareholders on or about 3rd december, 2013.
review of operations the operations under sino land company limited ( sino land ) represent a substantial portion of the operations of the group as a whole. as at 30th june, 2013, tsim sha tsui properties limited (the company ) had 50.79% interest in sino land. therefore, for discussion purposes, we have focused on the operations of sino land.

review of operations
(1) sales activities total revenue from property sales recognised for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013, including property sales of associates recognised by sino land, was hk$14,128.2 million (20112012: hk$7,148.8 million).
total revenue from property sales comprises mainly the sales of residential units in the coronation in west kowloon, providence bay and providence peak both in pak shek kok, park summit in mongkok and le sommet in xiamen completed during the financial year 20122013 as well as those completed in previous financial years. market response to the sales of the units in these five projects was favourable. over 99% of the total number of residential units in both the coronation and park summit have been sold. as for the two projects in pak shek kok, namely providence peak and providence bay, over 80% and 60% of the units have been sold respectively. as for le sommet in xiamen, all of the units have been sold. in respect of projects completed in previous financial years, these mainly included one mayfair, marinella, the palazzo, the balmoral, goodwood park and lake silver as well as car parking spaces in several residential projects including island harbourview, dynasty view and ocean view. contributions from property sales, including property sales of associates recognised by sino land, was hk$4,511.3 million (20112012: sino land continues to seek good opportunities to sell its projects to enhance shareholders value. as for china, over 540 residential units in dynasty park in zhangzhou and 212 units in central park in xiamen were launched for sale during the financial year 20122013 and over 89% and 94% have been sold respectively.
(2) land bank as at 30th june, 2013, sino land has a land bank of approximately 40.1 million square feet of attributable floor area in hong kong, china and singapore which comprises a balanced portfolio of properties of which 64.1% is residential; 23.8% commercial; 5.3% industrial; 3.7% car parks and 3.1% hotels. in terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 27.8 million square feet were properties under development, 11.3 million square feet of properties for investment and hotels, together with 1.0 million square feet of properties held for sale. sino land will continue to be selective in replenishing its land bank to optimise its earnings potential.

review of operations
(2) land bank (continued) since july 2011, sino land has acquired a total of six sites from the hksar government and the development right of a site at long ping station (north) from mtr corporation limited with a total attributable floor area of approximately 1.2 million square feet mainly for residential development. details of the projects are as follows: shatin area 56a, kau to (site a), residential 40% 412,588 2. tkotl 117 tseung kwan o,
3. lot 1949 in demarcation district 221, sha kok mei, residential 100% 249,133 4. yltl 513 long ping station (north), residential 40% 209,575 5. lot 726 in demarcation district no.

6. lot 676 in demarcation district, residential 100% 36,845 7. lot 674 in demarcation district, residential 100% 14,372 review of operations
(3) property development during the financial year 20122013, sino land obtained occupation permits for the following projects in hong kong with a total attributable floor area of approximately 1.1 million square feet. details of these projects are presented as follows: 1. the coronation 1 yau cheung road, south west kowloon 2. providence bay 5 fo chun road, pak shek kok, residential 35% 250,072 3. park summit 88 beech street, 4. providence peak 8 fo chun road, pak shek kok, residential 25% 187,447 5. the graces " providence 9 fo chun road, pak shek kok, as for china, le sommet, a wholly-owned residential project in xiamen with total floor area of 131,700 square feet, was completed during the financial year 20122013.

review of operations
(4) rental activities for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013, sino land s gross rental revenue, including attributable share from associates, increased 8.5% to hk$3,185.1 million (20112012: hk$2,936.0 million) and net rental income increased 9.0% to hk$2,769.4 million (20112012: hk$2,541.5 million). the increase in rental revenue was mainly due to higher rental rates on renewals, as well as improvement in occupancy levels of the existing rental portfolio. overall occupancy of sino land s investment property portfolio was approximately 96% (20112012: 94%) for the financial year 20122013.
sino land s retail rental portfolio in hong kong experienced good rental growth with overall occupancy rate of approximately 97% (20112012: 96%) for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013. a stable labour market and continuous growth in inbound tourism has been supportive to retail businesses. sino land s major shopping malls are located in west kowloon and northwestern new territories and benefit from growing population and local communities in the catchment areas of the west rail. with new malls, namely coronation circle the retail mall in the coronation residences in west kowloon and the retail mall in park summit in mongkok, now opened, sino land has expanded its retail portfolio which will enhance its rental revenue from the sector.
the leasing performance of sino land s office portfolio saw stable rental growth while overall occupancy rate for the portfolio was approximately 95% (20112012: 96%) for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013.
the demand for office spaces continued to grow. looking forward, rental trends remain positive for commercial areas such as kowloon east and tsim sha tsui. as for the industrial sector, leasing performance continued to gain momentum with overall occupancy rate of approximately 97% (20112012: 95%) for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013.
as at 30th june, 2013, sino land has approximately 11.3 million square feet of attributable floor area of investment properties and hotels in hong kong, china and singapore. of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 64.7%, industrial developments 14.4%, car parks 13.0%, hotels 6.3%, and residential 1.6%.

review of operations
the fullerton hotel and the fullerton bay hotel, singapore with the steady growth in both leisure and business travels during the financial year ended 30th june, 2013, the fullerton hotel and the fullerton bay hotel achieved favourable financial and operating results.
sino land will continue to improve the quality of its hotel services to ensure our discerning guests have enjoyable experiences during their stays in the hotels.
conrad hong kong the financial and operating performance of conrad hong kong for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013 was supported by both business activities and visitor arrivals. despite a difficult global economic environment, business activities and tourism in asia remained resilient benefiting hong kong s hotel industry.
(6) china business 20122013 marked a smooth transition of leadership in china and the new central government officials were appointed under the national people s congress in march 2013. the economic and financial reforms shall continue to maintain stability of the country and steer china s economy to grow on a steady path.
following an era of high growth in the past few decades, policymakers in china have set out the roadmap of economic and financial reforms that cover various economic and financial issues including public finance, capital markets, policy enforcement and operational standards within the government. these reforms will optimise resources allocation, minimise economic disparity among cities and regions, improve distribution of income, strengthen the financial sector which in turn will transform the country into a more consumption-led economy. efforts have also been made to ensure that such growth is steady and at the same time, address issues such as environmental concerns.
another key government policy focus is to manage the process of urbanisation. urbanisation is a long-term process and has been progressing alongside with the development of land, housing, town planning, infrastructure, transportation, education, social service, security and environmental protection. increasing population in cities and revitalization of local communities offer tremendous business opportunity not only for properties, but also for a wide range of industries.

review of operations
(6) china business (continued) throughout the years, sino land has completed a number of projects in xiamen and fuzhou. the experience gained from developing and leasing projects in china has also built sino land s execution capability in the country. sino land s projects are situated in cities with good economic and demographic fundamentals. the major property developments in chengdu, chongqing and zhangzhou will be completed by phases over the next few years when expected profit contributions from these projects will be realised.
other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th june, 2012.
finance as at 30th june, 2013, the group s gearing was 5.2%, expressed as a percentage of bank and other borrowings net of cash and bank balances over shareholders equity. of the total borrowings, 34.7% was repayable within one year, 26.5% repayable between one and two years and 38.8% repayable between two and five years. the group, including the attributable share of its associates, had cash resources of approximately hk$20,485.7 million, comprising cash on hand of approximately hk$14,352.0 million together with committed undrawn banking facilities of approximately hk$6,133.7 the majority of the group s debts are denominated in hong kong dollars and us dollars, with the balance in singapore dollars, mainly used to fund the fullerton heritage project in singapore. other than the above-mentioned, there was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the group for the financial year ended 30th june, 2013. the majority of the group s cash are denominated in hong kong dollars, with a relatively small portion of renminbi denominated deposits. the group has maintained a sound financial management policy and foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level.
corporate governance the group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. with the objective of practising good corporate governance, the group has formed audit, compliance, remuneration and nomination committees. the group is committed to maintaining corporate transparency and disseminates information about new developments through various channels, including press releases, its corporate website, results briefings, site visits, participation in non-deal roadshows and investor customer service sino land is committed to building quality projects. in keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, sino land will, wherever possible, ensure that attractive design concepts and features are also environmentally friendly for its developments. management conducts regular reviews of its properties and service so that improvements can be made on a continuous as a committed corporate citizen, sino land has been actively participating in a wide range of community programmes, voluntary services, charitable activities and green initiatives to promote environmental protection, art and cultural events, and staff team-building activities. in recognition of its continuous efforts in promoting sustainability and high standards of performance in environmental, social and corporate governance aspects, sino land company limited was selected as a constituent member of the hang seng corporate sustainability index in september 2012. sino land has published its second annual sustainability report that highlights sino land s corporate sustainability footprint and initiatives to demonstrate sino land s commitment to engaging its stakeholders in building a greener future.
sino land has been a long-standing partner of a number of organisations serving the community. sino land encourages staff of all levels to serve the community and care for those in need; this commitment is extended to support staff in joining voluntary service for at least one day a year during office hours. in recognition of its efforts and commitment to corporate social responsibility, sino land received a number of awards and certifications.
continuous efforts have been made by sino land to make its properties more environmental-friendly through architectural planning, energy saving and estate management initiatives. during the financial year 20122013, sino property services won a number of awards in recognition of its works on this dedicated to promoting local art and culture, sino land initiated sino art (formerly art in hong kong ) in 2006. sino art organises art exhibitions and activities at various properties of sino land. by providing local and international artists and arts groups with more platforms and opportunities to showcase their visual, community and performing arts talents, sino art aims to add vigour to a more creative and culturally vibrant hong kong.
during the financial year 20122013, sino art collaborated with local and international artists to hold thematic events at sino land s properties to bring art to the daily life of the general public.
in march 2008, the ng family, the major shareholder of the group, set up a non-profit-making organisation named hong kong heritage conservation foundation limited ( hcf ). in december 2008, hcf won the tender to revitalise and convert the old tai o police station, a grade ii historic building, into a boutique hotel. named tai o heritage hotel ( hotel ), the hotel commenced operations in march 2012 and has nine colonial- style rooms and a glass-roof restaurant. the hotel operates as a non-profit- making social enterprise, dedicating to the sustainability of tai o through local employment, use of local ingredients and craftsmanship as well as conservation of cultural heritage.

prospects global economic environment remains uncertain despite some positive economic signs of financial stability in certain advanced economies. with world economic growth likely to continue to be weak, management expects there to be challenges in the short and medium term.
the united states economic data have shown that both domestic economy and the financial sector have been improving. labour market has shown signs of recovery and household spending has advanced. market has reacted somewhat positively with a view that economic activity is likely to pick up gradually. as stated in the meeting statements of the federal open market committee, it will maintain an accommodative monetary policy with federal funds rate being kept at low level until there are sustainable evidences of in the euro zone, the inauguration of the european stability mechanism in 2012 and the concerted policy actions at national and european levels to tackle the crisis have improved the financial conditions and restored confidence in the region. although the economic growth is expected to strengthen gradually over time as policymakers continue to introduce policies to address the structural weaknesses and challenges, there may still be volatility going forward.
as for china, the central government continues its economic reforms for the purpose of building a more resilient, healthier and balanced economy and society. the reforms are important from the perspectives of urban development, income distribution and resources allocation. not only do they improve people s standard of living, but also help tackle challenges arising from the domestic economy and changes in global economic environment.
the meeting convened by the political bureau of the communist party of china central committee held in july this year reaffirmed the direction of central government s policy stance on economic growth and reforms, and has sent a positive signal to the market for a more sustainable economic and property market outlook.
the hong kong property market has been going through a period of change as a result of economic and property-related policies. sino land is mindful of the upcoming uncertainties in a challenging market and management will be responsive to market changes. sino land s recurrent businesses, namely rental, hospitality and property management services continue to be resilient. with a good financial position, sino land is well-positioned to face challenges ahead. as there will be more land for private housing development, sino land will also benefit from this opportunity and will continue to acquire land with good development value at the appropriate time.

management will continue to optimise earnings, enhance efficiency and productivity and improve the quality of products and services. in respect of property development and property management, sino land will incorporate more environmentally friendly elements in our projects. sino land will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and shareholders value.
staff and management on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support. i would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
robert ng chee siong
hong kong, 28th august, 2013 