the asset-light strategy we adopted three years ago was key to our groups performance in 2016. despite growing market uncertainties we were able to unlock the value of our portfolio, seek new partnerships and enhance returns from our long-term master-planned development projects.
this refined strategy has made us a nimble company that is better positioned to seize new growth opportunities. it has put us in a strong position going into 2017, when shui on land will focus on strength, balance and performance amid a rapidly changing and challenging market environment.
the strength of shui on land helped it weather the considerable global economic and political uncertainty.
our increased asset turnover rate generated a robust income stream and cash flow, reduced our debt gearing and strengthened our balance sheet.
the group continues to strike a good balance between long and short term goals as well as between property sales and recurrent income from our solid rental portfolio. we are balancing our asset-light strategy with plans for future 
we aim to continuously enhance performance in management efficiency and decision-making which will result in better financial return and profitability.

during the year under review, turnover increased by 172% to rmb17,600 million, as property sales recognised as turnover substantially increased by 256% to rmb15,604 million.
in addition to the property sales recognised as turnover, the group completed rmb5,700 million of asset disposals recognised under disposal of subsidiaries (the disposal of corporate avenue 3 at shanghai taipingqiao).
rental and related income increased by 6% to rmb1,716 million. the increase was a result of continued leasing progress made at newly completed properties as well as higher occupancies and rental growth from the existing investment property portfolio.
gross profit increased by 250% to rmb5,905 million in 2016, while operating profit surged by 427% to rmb5,272 million.
meanwhile, gross profit margin increased by 8 percentage points to 34% in 2016.
profit attributable to shareholders was rmb1,088 million in 2016, representing a 38% increase compared to rmb788 million in 2015. the increase reflected our strong sales during the year, and a decline in minority and convertible perpetual securities ownership interests.
complementary to our asset-light approach,
we will also partner with other investors,
landowners or developers in new and existing
projects to optimise the use of our financial
resources and leverage our brand and
management expertise. such partnerships are
a key piece of our strategy for the future.
a challenging market
in contrast to the sharp rise in prices in early 2016, the implementation of progressively tightened measures restricted the purchase of potential home purchasers and investors, resulting in a sharp decline in transaction volume and a much slower market towards the final quarter of 2016.
global economic and political uncertainty is expected to cause instability in the chinese economy going forward. tight government restrictions on residential property purchases will continue to slow sales. if the economy slows down, regulators may decide to ease controls as the real estate industry is an important pillar of the chinese economy. this could lead to a slight improvement in the market in the latter half of 2017.
however, overall sales will still be lower in 2017 than they were in 2016 due to government restrictions. we expect our projects in shanghai to drive sales performance in 2017.
record sales performance
we produced an impressive rmb22,975 million in contracted property sales and other assets disposal in 2016, the highest in the groups history, with residential sales contributing rmb16,300 million. total sales rose 7% year-on-year but fell just short of our goal of rmb24,000 million as market cooling measures took effect, significantly impacting sales towards end of the year. we recorded rmb1,576 million of subscribed property sales at the end of the year, which are expected to turn into contracted property sales in the following months.
rui hong xin cheng (rhxc), our master-planned integrated community in shanghai, remained a key driver of overall sales. the upper and the gallery, phase 6 and 7 residential developments at rhxc, received an overwhelming response from the market. in february we launched 352 units of the upper, and they were all sold on the first day. in june we launched 320 units of the gallery, nearly all of which were sold by year-end. rhxc achieved more than rmb7.3 billion in residential contracted sales. this made it the second highest amount in shanghai. the 2016 average selling price was rmb85,500 per square metre, 24% above last years price.
lakeville luxe is our premium residential project located in downtown shanghai, close by the xintiandi commercial area.
built on the concept of living with art, it features luxurious modern design and customised services. out of the 184 units launched from december 2015, 150 residential units, or 82% of the total units launched, were sold by year-end of 2016 at an average selling price of rmb133,360 per square metre.
total contracted sales came to rmb4.75 billion.

shui on land builds innovative mixed-use properties that keep the group ahead of the competition through changing market conditions. our renowned city centre master-planned communities model, including the exemplary xintiandi historic redevelopment area, enjoys continued success. the knowledge communities, another of our development models, represented by the knowledge and innovation community (kic) in shanghai yangpu district, where we have been working for the past 12 years, creates an eco-system fostering innovation and entrepreneurship while facilitating the districts economic transformation. the newly upgraded innospace+ within the kic, consisting of innospace as the incubator, innowork co-working space, ipo club startup caf, innomaker for hardware innovation and innoapartment for living, is a comprehensive, one-stop solution for young entrepreneurs. it was ranked the top maker space by shanghai government, and has received an even more enthusiastic response since its upgrade in september 2016.
based on the success of these projects, the group is creating a new development model by introducing the knowledge element into integrated communities. we believe the new knowledge community + xintiandi (kc + xtd) model will cater to the needs of young entrepreneurs and professionals who enjoy working and learning as much as indulging in lifestyle and fashion. the new model creates spaces for likeminded people to gather and share ideas.
we will also continue to enhance existing developments with the above-mentioned model. examples include the introduction of the naked hub co-working space into shanghai xintiandi and the revitalisation programme of the jiangwan sports centre at kic.
complementary to our asset-light approach, we will also partner with other investors, landowners or developers in new and existing projects to optimise the use of our financial resources and leverage our brand and management expertise.
such partnerships are a key piece of our strategy for the future.
geographically, we are exploring new opportunities primarily in shanghai and wuhan, as we are most optimistic about the property markets in these two cities over the long term.
the recent joint-bid of a prime parcel of land, located in the central area of optics valley central city in wuhan, is a litmus test of this new partnership model, and a rare opportunity in one of our prime target cities.

our asset-light strategy has strengthened shui on lands balance sheet, making us financially prepared for uncertain times, domestically or internationally.
the weakness of the renminbi to the us dollar has been a challenge for us, and for other players in the market.
balancing risk management and cost, we have reduced our us and hk dollar debt and will continue to do so. usd1.05 billion and hkd2.2 billion have already been refinanced in renminbi and our overall renminbi debt exposure has risen to 60% from 54% one year ago.
to strengthen management capabilities and better meet our business needs, we have integrated the commercial asset management of our knowledge community into china xintiandi (cxtd), creating a single commercial asset management platform for greater efficiency. this helps clarify roles within the group, with shui on land as the developer of properties and cxtd as the commercial asset manager.
we have also promoted a new generation of executives to run the asset management business. stephanie lo became chair of the cxtd executive committee. jessica wang was appointed managing director of cxtd and allan zhang was named chief operating officer of cxtd.
our reorganisation has put us in a position to more effectively manage the business and produce growth amid market uncertainties. all eyes are on building our strength, remaining balanced and generating high performance in the coming year.
thank you for your loyalty
i am grateful to our employees, clients, shareholders and partners for their tremendous loyalty and patient support as we have pursued our refined strategy in the past year.
we have made a lot of progress since i took back the executive leadership position and began this refined strategy.
the group is now in a much stronger position, financially and in terms of company culture, with younger executives taking on leadership roles. all of this has truly been a team effort, and i am confident that we are ready for the next phase of the groups growth.
a big thank you to all those who are taking the lead and initiative in the groups new direction. with a continuous concerted effort we will strive for a future of innovation and success at shui on land.
vincent h. s. lo

hong kong, 22 march, 2017 