as a result of our ongoing efforts to establish a global platform, realize synergies, enhance capital structure and promote management efficiency, we enlarged our scale and improved our competitiveness. going forward, we will continue to drive good performance and deliver value to shareholders.

2016 was a year full of challenges yet also achievements.
notwithstanding a complex and dynamic macro environment, we delivered a record earnings relying on our integrated business chain and effective operating management. i am pleased to report that, the groups operating profit increased 14.8% from one year earlier to us$1,788 million in 2016. net profit was up 24.4% to us$1,238 million. the board has recommended a final dividend of hk$0.21 per share for 2016. together with the interim dividend already paid, our total dividend in 2016 is hk0.26 per share, an increase from hk$0.125 per share in 
during the previous year, we primarily adopted the following 
strengthen management to tackle challenges in 2016, our operation in china was facing the pressure of slowdown in economic growth, lackluster consumption as well as surge in hog prices as a result of decreased supplies. our operation in the u.s., on the other hand, headed to overcome the risk of having volatile performance coupled with commodity price movements as in the past.
against such backdrop, we maintained stable margins in chinas fresh pork and packaged meats businesses in spite of the strong increase in hog prices year over year.
we attained remarkable growth in the u.s. even though our hog production business was loss marking this year.
the consolidated results of the group was also performing well. hence, the groups results in 2016 was indeed a valid testing ground of our management effectiveness.
continue integration to advance competitiveness the results of the group in 2016 was also driven by the progress that we made on our various integration programs.
in china, we remain committed to structural transformation to become more market oriented and consumer-focused by developing new products and improving our product mix.
during the year, we introduced the smithfield brand into the chinese market. meanwhile, we also invested in process innovation and improvement to promote efficiencies and 
likewise in the u.s., we pursued one smithfield and operational excellence as our management principles.
we strived for fully unleashing the benefits of having vertically integrated business and enhancement in operation to increase our overall efficiencies and bring about considerable growth in our fresh pork and packaged 
promote synergies to crystalize benefits being an emerging global player, to excavate the potential values and realize the synergies of our businesses around the globe is one of the important tasks of the groups management team. in 2016, we achieved considerable synergy effects out of our china and u.s. businesses. the export volume of pork from u.s. to china continued to go up significantly. it increased our sales and profits in u.s.
on one hand while lowered our costs of production and enhanced our marketing power in china on the other hand, resulting in the growth of our groups performance.
improve balance sheet to enhance credit benefitting from our strong operating cash flows of the group, our capital structure kept strengthening. debt to ebitda ratio maintained at below 2 times in 2016. the improved credit profile of the group was recognized by the three international rating agencies in their first assignment of corporate ratings to the groupcompany.
to conclude, despite the fact that the macro and industrial environments were challenging, our results in 2016 broadly matched our expectation. another exciting accomplishment for the group in 2016 was that we debuted in the fortune global 500 list. this opened a new horizon for us. we will cautiously consider the opportunities brought by industry consolidation, geographical expansion and business diversification. we will further integrate resources and advocate globalization. with branded packaged meats as our core business, we will continue to turn ourselves into a consumer goods company. these strategies will eventually lead to sustainable growth, solidify our global leadership and create better value for our shareholders, employees 
chairman of the board and chief executive officer 