chairman s statement with our dedicated and resourceful people in all positions, wh group s strategy will continue to deliver sustainable values and returns for chairman and chief executive officer
2014 was a remarkable year for wh group. on august 5, wh group was listed on the stock exchange. going public enhanced our capital strength to promote a promising future. 2014 was also a record-breaking year for both our operations in china and the united states. with their contributions, we raised 17.7 million hogs, processed 47.2 million hogs and sold 3.2 million tons of packaged meat products in 2014. the consolidated turnover and net profit of wh group reached us$22 billion and us$1 billion, inherit decades of success over the past thirty years we have seen the transformation of our operations in china from a small local slaughtering plant into a capital-market-driven multinational corporation, underpinned by sustainable and rapid growth. regardless of changes in the environment, from small to large, from infertile to strong, our china operations have withstood the test of time. acquisition of smithfield in 2013 enabled us to achieve a global presence and solidified our leading position in the global pork market under the umbrella of wh group. in 2014, with a common vision, we achieved an increasing level of consistency of management mechanism in the combined group; we confirmed the earnings potential of our u.s. operations; and we saw the realization of consolidation synergies gradually becoming visible.
turn challenges into opportunities although the operating environment is challenging and short-term volatility is hard to eliminate, wh group remains a growth story. as china s economy enters into a new normal of slower and healthier growth, consumers purchasing power and consumption patterns will change accordingly. we will sharpen our focus on upgrading of our brand and market position; innovation and development of new products to optimize our product mix as well as expansion and adjustment of our distribution network to achieve scale in china. our operations in the u.s.
comprised a number of independent operating companies and brands in the past. to unlock value and accelerate growth, we will align our internal structure to unify efforts; increase marketing to evolve into a branded packaged meats company as well as enhance efficiency to improve cost structure in the u.s.. we are confident that these strategies will lead to solid performance of wh group in the create a sustainable future wh group is committed to providing quality food in a responsible way and maintains robust policies and practices on food safety, animal care, environmental protection, community involvement and employee safety. we believe our fully integrated operations, coupled with our stringent quality control standards and production safety systems ensure consistent and high quality products. we are in the process of undergoing a voluntary, ten-year program to phase out individual gestation stalls at our company-owned sow farms and replace individual gestation stalls with group pens. we are constantly improving our environmental management systems to reduce the use of key resources, including water, energy and land. going forward, wh group will continue its commitment to sustainability.
increase shareholders engagement wh group values open, constructive and effective communication with our shareholders. we will continue to engage investors to promote greater transparency of our strategies, operations and corporate governance. with our dedicated and resourceful people in all positions, wh group s strategy will continue to deliver sustainable values and returns for shareholders.
finally, on behalf of the board, i would like to express my appreciation to all employees for their steadfast support to the company. wh group is proud to look back on decades of outstanding achievements, while at the same time looking forward to many more years of growing our group with our shareholders, employees and communities.

chairman & ceo, wh group limited our principal business objective is to maintain and strengthen our industry leading position as the world s largest pork company, to allocate our global resources to speed up global expansion, and to provide consumers with high-quality, delightful packaged meat products. key strategies for reaching our " global expansion strategy to become bigger and stronger.
" global resources consolidation strategy to achieve complementarity and " global brand consolidation strategy to improve brand influence and product " strict controls over food safety to secure 