on behalf of the board of directors of byd electronic (international) company limited (byd electronic or the company) and its subsidiaries (which are collectively referred to as the group), i hereby present the annual report of the company for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year) to all shareholders.
in 2016, the global economy was clouded by number of uncertainties, and the economic development remained stagnant. during the year, the growth in global smartphone shipments continued to slow down significantly. in 2016, the shipments were 1.47 billion units, representing a yearon-year slightly increase of 2.3%. in china, smartphone shipments in 2016 were 522 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.0%, handsets of domestic brands continued to maintain its leading position in the 
during the year, the group's turnover amounted to approximately rmb36,734 million, representing a yearon-year increase of 25.43%, and the profit attributable to the owners of the parent company was rmb1,233 million, representing an increase of 35.83% as compared with that of 2015. the board of directors recommended a final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2016 of rmb0.069 per share.
as using more metal parts, being thinner and lighter and having bigger screens became the development trends of smartphones, the penetration rate of metal parts in smartphones, tablets and other smart mobile devices market continued to rise. in 2016, leading domestic smartphone brands, with growing sales volume and further enlarged market scales, became a major growth engine of the groups metal parts business. as market penetration rate continued to increase and sales of major customers grew rapidly, during the year, the orders of metal parts business of the group recorded an outstanding performance, enabling the group to achieve a significant growth in revenues and profits. during the year, the group successively received orders from a plurality of global well-known smartphone brands to continue providing them with metal casings, metal middle frames and other handset components for their high-end flagship models, as such the group's position in the industry continued to rise.
as a leading manufacturer in handset components and in the assembly industry, the group has strived to promote the odm business of products covering smartphones, tablets and other smart mobile devices to provide customers with one-stop service covering original design, components manufacturing and complete assembly.
during the year, the group has actively promoted the development of auto electronics business to nurture new growth engines for long-term and continuous development in the future.
looking into 2017, in the face of slow growth in the market and a landscape of increasingly fierce market competition, major handset manufacturers will continue to expand their market shares through product innovations and technology upgrade. in the future, metal casings and metal middle frames are still expected to be the main trend in the industry, whose market penetration rate will continuously increase. it is expected that metal parts business will continue to be an important growth driver for the revenue of the group in the future. meanwhile, the group also actively conducts research and development on new products and new workmanship, including glass and ceramic, enhances the product yield rate and expands its production capacity, in order to be wellprepared for the customers' diversified product needs in the future. moreover, the group will continue to negotiate cooperation opportunities with potential customers, expand the network of customer resources and increase market shares to drive the continuous growth in the revenue and profit of the group.
finally, on behalf of byd electronic, i would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the group. i would also like to thank all the staff members for their concerted efforts during the past year. byd electronic will continue to push forward the development of all its business segments. the group will become an internationally authoritative supplier of handsets and other electronic product components and assembly services with the capability of highly vertical integration. we will spear our efforts to record an outstanding performance and continue to go forth with a goal of maximizing returns for our shareholders in 2017.

hong kong, 28 march 2017 