the group achieved growth in both beer sales volume and average selling price in 
in 2016, the group reinforced its development strategy, continued to strengthen and expand its beer business to maximize efficiency and to premiumize its product mix.
for the year ended 31 december 2016, consolidated turnover of the groups continuing operations increased by 2.6% year-on-year to approximately rmb28,694 million. considering that on 11 october 2016, the company completed the acquisition of 49% stake in china resources snow breweries limited (crsb), and the fourth quarter is usually the slack season for the beer industry, the company recorded a 5.7% drop in consolidated profit attributable to the companys shareholders to rmb629 million in 2016 as compared with 2015. it is expected that the benefit of the acquisition of 49% stake will be fully reflected in 2017. profit after tax in 2016 increased by 6.8% to rmb1,419 million, as compared with 2015.

the board recommends a final dividend of rmb0.08 per share for the year ended 31 december 2016 (2015: nil) payable on or around 16 june 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on 1 june 2017, to show its appreciation to shareholders for their support of the group.

the company endeavors to create greater value for shareholders through various means. upon the disposal of all non-beer businesses, including retail, food and beverage businesses, to its parent company, china resources (holdings) company limited (crh) in 2015, the company successfully transformed itself into a listed company that focuses on the beer business. in march 2016, the company announced that it had entered into an agreement with anheuser-busch inbev sanv to purchase the 49% stake held by sabmiller asia limited in crsb for a total consideration of us$1.6 billion. the transaction was completed in october 2016, which did not only mark the groups gaining full ownership of crsb, but also ensured the effective implementation of the groups growth strategies in china. in july 2016, in order to reinforce the companys capital base and to provide greater flexibility to capture development and expansion opportunities that may arise, the company announced the launch of a proposed rights issue (rights issue) on the basis of one rights share for every three existing shares at the subscription price of hk$11.73. the rights issue was fully underwritten by crh (beer) limited (crh beer), the companys controlling shareholder and a wholly-owned subsidiary of crh, demonstrating crh beers confidence in and commitment to the companys future and growth prospects. in addition, the company believed that the rights issue provided the companys shareholders with an equal opportunity to participate in the long-term growth of the company and guaranteed that their shares were not diluted.
in the end, the rights shares were oversubscribed and raised over hk$9.5 billion. trading in the shares started on the stock exchange of hong kong limited in august 2016. the net proceeds were used to fund the acquisition of the crsb 49% stake, as well as for working capital and other general corporate purposes.
in 2016, the overall beer market capacity was dampened by the sluggish macro-economic growth and the decline in consumer spending appetite. the weather condition varied during the year under review. the market capacity was affected by the flooding in the cities along the yangtze river and parts of southern china in the first half, but benefited from a warmer-than-usual summer in the third quarter. the performance on sales volume of the group was better than the industry average. the group also carried on the premiumization of its product mix, leverage of its economies of scale, and maintaining close communications with distributors and points of sales to gain insights in market changes. the group focused resources on its flagship brand snow to penetrate various cities in china. meanwhile, it further improved its profitability, thanks to execution capability of its highly efficient team. during the year under review, the group achieved growth in both volume and average selling price, of which the increase in average selling price was benefited from the product mix upgrade. furthermore, the reduction of certain raw material costs further improved gross profit margin.

the economy of china and the world in 2016 has been impacted by several significant global events, including renminbis inclusion in the special drawing right (sdr) basket, the election of the new united states president, as well as the brexit vote.
in 2017, great uncertainties in the economic outlook remain in view of the changes in political and economic policies in some key regions, such as the unclear policies and direction after the new united states president took office, or the elections in some important member countries of the eurozone.
despite the expected fluctuation in future china beer sales volume, the group believes that there is still room for growth in the sales volume of mid- to high-end beers in view of progressive consumption upgrades in the medium to long term, as compared to other mature countries. thanks to that, we are confident of the development of the china beer industry, and thus will continue to advance through both organic expansion and grasping appropriate acquisition opportunities to consolidate the market, in order to reinforce our market leadership across the nation and enhance our core competitiveness.
through implementing strategies for innovative developments and for sales and marketing, lean sales, capacity optimization etc., the group is determined to expand the proportion of its midto high-end beer products and canned beer products, and to optimize its brand strategy, with a view to enhancing the products gross profit and the effectiveness of its selling expenses. on the operations front, in anticipation of the pressure from the possible rise in costs for raw materials, packaging materials, transportation etc., the group is dedicated to optimizing its production capacity, reinforcing its central procurements and improving its production efficiency and lean management. it is committed to improving its talent staff reserve, to staff training in technical advancement and to optimizing its staff composition. the group is resolute in further strengthening its risk management awareness in order to cope with the complexities and multiple changes in 2017.
we look forward to leading the business progress and building a better life together with our consumers, shareholders, staff and business partners and make the group a trusted and beloved beer 
on behalf of the board, i would like to express our special gratitude to sabmiller plc and its team for their contribution to the group in the past 20 odd years. we would like to thank all shareholders for their support. we are grateful to our management and staff for their dedication as well as our customers and business partners for their long-term trust. we will continue to be fully committed to delivering quality products to our customers and bringing attractive and stable returns to our shareholders.

hong kong, 21 march 2017 