letter to shareholders the financial year 2009 was very much a year of two halves. in the first half, we achieved higher revenue despite a slowing us economy.
although raw material prices and labour costs stayed high, we were able to maintain a stable gross however, in the middle of september 2008, the global economy began to deteriorate dramatically. consumer confidence plunged and demand shrank. this occurred when the bulk of our products for the holiday season had already been to respond to the sudden change in market conditions, we moved swiftly to step up retail level promotions to stimulate sales. although margins were affected, it enabled vtech to end the full year with lower inventory than last year. in addition, our balance sheet remains strong, with our net cash position as at 31st march 2009 slightly ahead of the previous financial year. our decisive and aggressive action enabled us to establish a solid financial position from which to move forward.

group revenue for the year ended 31st march 2009 decreased by 6.7% over the previous financial year to us$1,448.2 million. profit attributable to shareholders declined by 33.6% to us$143.2 million. the decrease in profit was mainly due to lower sales, increased price promotions and an exchange loss of us$27.6 million arising from the group s global operations in the ordinary course of business, as the euro and sterling weakened sharply against the us dollar. excluding the impact of exchange differences, profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 16.7% over the previous basic earnings per share decreased by 34.6% to us58.5 cents, compared to us89.4 cents in the financial year 2008.
the board of directors (the board ) has proposed a final dividend of us41.0 cents per ordinary share, as compared to us51.0 cents per ordinary share in the previous financial year.

revenue at the telecommunication products (tel) business for the year declined by 9.8% over the financial year 2008 to us$620.7 million.
in north america, still the largest market for our tel business, revenue declined as consumer demand was weak. retailers also reduced inventory in view of the slowing economy. despite the decrease in sales, vtech continued to be the largest supplier in the us cordless phone market, and we expanded our market share further during the in europe, we continued to work on an original design manufacturing (odm) basis with major fixed line telephone operators and well-known brand names. the european market was more stable than that in north america, and we managed not only to gain market share, but also to increase revenue. the sole supplier agreement we signed in september 2008 with deutsche telekom ag (deutsche telekom) helped us to increase our presence in germany.
revenue at the electronic learning products (elp) business dropped by 7.9% over the financial year 2008 to us$566.9 million. the elp business initially saw rising sales in the first half, but sales quickly turned negative owing to the rapidly deteriorating market conditions.
in europe, sales declined more as the european business was further affected by the steep depreciation of the euro and sterling against the us dollar. in response to the worsening market environment, we moved aggressively to step up price promotions to stimulate sales and despite a slowing second half, revenue at the contract manufacturing services (cms) business managed to increase by 5.0% over the previous financial year to another record of us$260.6 million. this was a considerably better performance than the global electronic manufacturing services (ems) industry, which has been badly affected by the global slump in our superior performance was due to higher sales to existing customers, as some of them outsourced more production to vtech in search of lower costs. we also continued to gain new customers, who were attracted by our growing reputation.
senior management change our group chief operating officer, mr. edwin ying lin kwan, retired on 1st january 2009. i would like to express my sincere gratitude to him for his valuable contributions to the group. following his retirement, mr. andy leung hon kwong, chief executive officer of our cms business, was appointed as executive in addition, dr. pang king fai, our group chief technology officer, was promoted to group president on 1st january 2009. he continues to hold the position of executive director.

there seems little doubt that consumer sentiment will remain weak throughout most of the calendar year 2009. the international monetary fund estimates that global gdp will contract by 1.3% for the year, and the decline is likely to be even more severe in many of our top line growth will therefore be very difficult to achieve in the financial year 2010, even though economies may recover and we anticipate increasing market shares for our tel business. we are, however, cautiously optimistic that profitability will improve, as the euro, sterling and renminbi show stability. we are also benefiting from the fall in raw material prices and labour costs, which will ease cost pressure.
to drive growth for the group, we will continue to pursue our strategy based on product innovation, gains in market share, geographic expansion and operational excellence.
we are cautiously optimistic that profitability will improve, as the euro, sterling and renminbi show stability. we are also benefiting from the fall in raw material prices and labour costs, which will ease cost pressure.

the tel business is expected to perform well as industry consolidation strengthens our market lead even further. for the branded business, we expect to see the full benefit of the exit of a major competitor in north america. for the odm business, we have recently signed a licensing agreement with telstra, a leading telecommunications and information services company in australia, to become its direct supplier of fixed line handsets. the agreement will further increase our presence in the australian market. in addition, the sole supplier agreement with deutsche telekom will start to make a full-year sales contribution.
in addition to gains in market share, the second half of the financial year should also see contributions from two new product categories. the enterprise phone for small and medium sized business in the united states will allow vtech to enter the commercial sector. another potential new growth area is integrated access devices, which we are developing jointly with funkwerk enterprise the market for elps is likely to remain challenging, and consumers are expected to look for deals. in response, we will step up our efforts to deliver products that offer tremendous value. across our product ranges, we will continue to support sales with aggressive retail level promotions.
we expect margin pressure to be partially offset by lower raw material costs, especially of plastics, and by our proven ability to engineer for product innovation will remain an important factor in driving sales for the elp business. for standalone products, following the successes of the infant category in recent years, we are introducing jungle gym .
combining electronic learning, fun and physical activities, jungle gym products continue the push outside the learning aisle, giving the elp business new avenues for growth.
our platform products will be augmented with a new reading system, bugsby, which offers pen- touch technology and ease-of-use at an affordable price. children will be able to read along with bugsby and interact with their favourite characters in stories that build early although the global ems market is forecast to contract in the calendar year 2009, we expect the group s cms business will continue to outperform the global ems market. our position in the professional audio segment will continue to increase following the establishment of a new state-of- the-art audio laboratory at our r&d centre in shenzhen. staffed by specially trained engineers, the facility enables our customers to design, test and fine-tune products on site, giving a great advantage over the competition in time-to- market for new products. we also expect considerable momentum from solid-state lighting, where the market is growing and our existing customers are expanding their it has been a year of unprecedented volatility in both the financial and consumer markets. i would like to thank my fellow directors, employees, customers and suppliers for staying the course as we navigate the turbulence. as a company with market leadership, excellent r&d, efficient operations and a strong balance sheet, we are very well placed not merely to ride out the storm, but to grow even stronger as global economy eventually recovers.
allan wong chi yun hong kong, 15th june 2009 as a company with market leadership, excellent r&d, efficient operations and a strong balance sheet, we are very well placed not merely to ride out the storm, but to grow even stronger as global economy eventually recovers.

