letter to shareholders 
in the financial year 2017 vtech achieved record revenue, surpassing the us$2 billion mark. a relatively favourable cost environment saw gross margin improve, although profit was affected by one-off costs associated with the integration of leapfrog enterprises, inc. (leapfrog). the group also laid the ground for future growth, with the completion of three 
results and dividend
group revenue for the year ended 31 march 2017 increased by 12.0% to us$2,079.3 million, supported by higher sales in north america, europe and asia pacific.
profit attributable to shareholders of the company decreased by 1.3% to us$179.0 million. the fall in profit was mainly due to the one-off costs associated with the acquisition and integration of leapfrog, including the professional and legal costs associated with the investigation by the uks competition & markets authority. this investigation was initiated in april 2016, with final and unconditional approval given in january 2017. the expenses related to the cyber-attack that occurred in november 2015 also contributed to the decline in profit.
basic earnings per share fell by 1.2% to us71.3 cents, compared to us72.2 cents in the previous financial year.
the board of directors has proposed a final dividend of us53.0 cents per ordinary share, providing a full-year dividend of us70.0 cents per ordinary share. this 66.7% increase from the us42.0 cents declared in the previous financial year reflects a rise of the dividend payout ratio from 58.2% to 98.2%, a return to its historic level.

for the financial year 2017, the gross profit margin of the group improved to 33.2%, from 31.4% in the financial year 2016. this was mainly due to the change in product mix, a relatively favourable cost environment and productivity gains.

the group completed three strategic acquisitions during the financial year 2017.
the acquisition of leapfrog, a leading developer of educational entertainment for children, was completed in april 2016.
leapfrog is a strong educational toy brand, and its product ranges complement those of vtech. the acquisition allows vtech to offer the broadest portfolio of products that enhance the education and development of children around the world, and positions vtech for higher growth.
leapfrogs industry-leading content development, education, product marketing, consumer insight and infrastructure teams have been retained at its office in california, where they continue to develop the curriculum-based educational content for which the company is renowned. its back-end operations have been integrated into vtechs global organisation.
production has been consolidated, with the majority of leapfrog products now being manufactured in-house.
combining vtech and leapfrog products, the share of total electronic learning products (elps) revenue from platform products, including related software, increased to 23% in the financial year 2017, from 16% in the previous financial year.
standalone products continued their strong performance.
growth was led by higher sales of core vtech infant, toddler and preschool products. there was also a contribution from leapfrog standalone toys. this has reaffirmed vtechs leadership position in the industry. in the calendar year 2016, vtech strengthened its position globally as the number one supplier of electronic learning toys from infancy through toddler and preschool 1.
in november 2016, the group completed the acquisition of snom technology gmbh (snom, formerly known as snom technology ag), a german company which is a pioneer in voice over ip (voip) phone development. there will be strong synergies from combining snoms technical expertise and well-established sales channels in europe with vtechs engineering and manufacturing capabilities. this acquisition will enable vtech to become a major player in the growing market for voip phones.
group revenue is expected to be higher in the financial year 2018, with sales increases across all three product lines.

group revenue is expected to be higher in the financial year 2018, with sales increases across all three product lines. the trend in gross margin is more difficult to predict. there are likely to be strong headwinds from foreign exchange movements.
cost of materials is also expected to be higher. meanwhile, direct labour costs and manufacturing overheads as a percentage of group revenue are forecast to decrease slightly.
the growth in elps will be driven by higher sales of both standalone and platform products. standalone products will be boosted by the expansion of the vtech baby, infant, toddler and preschool lines, supported by the launch of more learning toys under the leapfrog brand. growth in platform products will be driven by the introduction of new platforms. the vtech brand will see launches of new childrens communication devices and kidizoom smartwatch. for leapfrog, the new leappad ultimate, a first tablet for children, will be complemented by leapfrog epic (academy edition), an enhanced version of the tablet that caters to older children.
the leapstart interactive learning platform will also expand.
leveraging leapfrogs expertise in education further, the group plans to launch leapfrog academy in major english-speaking countries in the second half of the calendar year 2017. this is a subscription-based guided learning system designed by educational experts. at launch, it will offer over 1,000 curriculum based activities for children aged 3 to 6 years.
tel products are also expected to achieve growth in the financial year 2018, with higher sales of commercial phones and other telecommunication products. the acquisition of snom will be a key driver. its strong brand and extensive sales network, particularly in europe, will accelerate the groups introduction of new voip phones into this growing market.
the migration from traditional public switched telephone network (pstn) to voip telephony is supporting the much wider adoption of cat-iq (cordless advanced technology internet and quality) handsets, particularly via major telecoms operators. this will boost sales of cat-iq products globally. the strong momentum in vtech baby monitors will be maintained through the introduction of the innovative new models and increased product placements. hotel phones and conference phones will also continue their positive trend. although sales of residential phones will again decline, the pace will moderate as vtech gains more shelf space with us retailers.
cms is also positioned for growth. sales are expected to rise on the back of increasing orders from existing customers in professional audio, hearables, industrial products, solid-state lighting as well as medical and health products, offsetting a further decline in switching mode power supplies. the medical and health products category is expanding rapidly and showing particular promise. to target the growing opportunities, a new strategic business unit for medical and health products has been set up. vtech began producing entire diagnostic ultrasound systems for a japanese customer in the second half of the financial year 2017 and orders have been ramping up for the financial year 2018. the group is also beginning to produce hearing aids for a european customer, adding another product to this category. contributing to the overall momentum in cms, there will be a full-year sales contribution from the newly acquired high precision metal 
finally, i wish to thank my fellow directors and our teams around the world for their tremendously hard work in successfully completing the three acquisitions and integrating the businesses during the year. i also want to thank our colleagues for their dedication and our business partners for their valued support. with our strong commitment to sustainability, vtech will continue to bring out innovative products, increase market share, expand geographically and strive for operational excellence to enhance shareholder value.
allan wong chi yun

hong kong, 16 may 2017 