this past year has seen some of the most difficult markets in our industrys history. low growth in most regions and an overhang of excess supply led to challenging conditions in many trade lanes for most of 2016.

this past year has seen some of the most difficult markets in our industrys history. low growth in most regions and an overhang of excess supply led to challenging conditions in many trade lanes for most of 2016.
as fuel prices rose in the second half of the year, industry performance was badly affected by freight rates that frequently sank below the levels seen in 2009.
the financial results reported by the industry as a whole give a clear indication of just how severe conditions became. a quarter-by-quarter or halfby-half analysis of industry results since the middle of 2015 paints a picture of strengthening 
in this environment, i have to report that ooil generated a loss attributable to shareholders for 2016 of us$219.2 million (2015: profit of us$283.9 million), with 2016 loss per ordinary share of us35.0 cents (2015: earnings per ordinary share of us45.4 cents).
the board of directors has decided not to recommend the payment of a final ordinary dividend for 2016.
the year 2016 turned out to be eventful. the wave of consolidation through mergers and acquisition, as well as the collapse of hanjin, might bring what has for many years been an extremely fragmented industry several steps closer to being a more stable environment with greater likelihood of consistently better 
beyond the positive moves in the structure of the industry, there are some credible indicators that 2017 could be better for container shipping than 
the consensus view for us economic growth has turned positive over the last six months. if employment, wages and consumer spending data continue to improve, this could be the beginning of a more sustainable recovery. for oocl, having a significant presence in the trans-pacific trade, this is encouraging news.
in europe, lower unemployment, resilient if unspectacular economic growth, as well as the first hints of the return of some inflation suggests some early signs of economic improvement.
against this backdrop, the asia-europe trade appears to have begun to turn the corner out of the low growth (and sometimes negative growth) pattern that it endured for much of 2015 and 
the slowdown in growth seen in several of the larger asian economies has not caused any hard landings, and we draw some reassurance from the growth in asean volumes as well as the improving dynamics of certain trades, such as the australian trade. beyond this, if the east-west trades do indeed continue to pick up, we should see a beneficial effect on intra-asian volumes.
nevertheless, growth in intra-asia trade remains largely anaemic, with rates further challenged by the ongoing introduction of cascaded vessels into many of the intra-asia trade lanes.
while not dismissing the significance of gradually improving data, we cannot afford to ignore the risk factors that could yet affect the outlook for the coming year. the global environment remains very uncertain. protectionism, trade and geopolitical friction, and a slowdown in the growth of globalisation could all challenge the outlook for our industry.
the industry supply and demand balance remains one of the largest risk factors. expectations for net growth in 2017 suggest improvement in the situation, but time may be needed to absorb the existing supply overhang.
in t hes e turbu lent t imes, wit h indust r y consolidation occurring at a pace that few, if any, had expected, oocl continues to build its future on the twin pillars of alliance membership and the efficient operation of the most appropriate vessels for each trade lane.
we are delighted to be forming the ocean a l l i an c e w it h c o s c o, c m a c g m an d evergreen. the ocean alliance will begin operations in april 2017. working together with these sizeable and like-minded partners will enable us to continue to offer the highest standards in the most cost-effective manner.
moreover, the ocean alliance enables oocl to grow its business in a considered and measured 
our 20,000 teu class vessels enter service in 2017. our investment in these vessels demonstrates our commitment to growing our business intelligently, and allows us to gain economies of scale in all our major east-west trades. at the same time, we will maintain our focus on continuous cost improvement and further efficiency gains. we continue to invest in it, as a means of improving not only our internal processes, but also our customer interaction and 
the first phase of our middle harbor redevelopment project in california commenced operations in april 2016. we are pleased with the kpi achieved thus far, and we continue to work on improving operations as we look forward to the opening of the second phase, towards the end of 2017.
final completion of the project is scheduled to occur in 2020. we are pleased to note that our new state-of-the-art terminal will be able to ensure the highest levels not only of operational efficiency but of environmental friendliness and 
oocl logistics continues to perform profitably in what is a competitive sector, and we remain committed to building up our activities in this sphere. we were pleased to add air freight forwarding services to our offering in 2016, and we continue to grow oocl logistics further, not least as opportunities related to e-commerce 
after this turbulent year, the benefit of a strong balance sheet has become more obvious to and important for not only our shareholders and financiers, but also our customers. we are pleased to be able to provide such robust comfort to our stakeholders, by means of our consistent policy of maintaining solid financial status.
while the outlook remains uncertain, we will continue with our long-established strategy.
excellent customer service, operational efficiency, cost management, it development and scale benefit achieved through alliance membership and careful deployment, all built on solid 
with this approach, and with a more consistent track record than most of the industry, we believe that we can continue to grow successfully, through these challenging times, and into the upturn to come.

hong kong, 10th march 2017 