although chinas economy maintained steady growth in the first half of 2016, its food and beverage industry was under a certain degree of pressure in the second half of the year arising from increasing costs of raw materials in both domestic and international markets and the change in trends in domestic demand. however, the group still showed signs of stabilizing, and will continue, particularly in times of such macro environment, to take a long-term view, insist on effecting its transformation and upgrade in a steady manner and monitor any change in the groups free cash flow, so as to achieve its objective of consolidation, development, innovation and safety.
in the fourth quarter of 2016, the groups profit recorded a yearon-year significant improvement. in 2016, the groups revenue was us$8,371.9 million, profit attributable to owners of the company was us$176.9 million and earnings per share was us$3.16 cents. the board will recommend the payment of a final dividend of us$1.58 cents per share. total amount of final dividend for the year 2016 will be us$89 
although the groups market share was slightly below target in 2016 due to factors like the implementation of upgrade procedure, the group showed signs of continual recovery in the second half of the year.
members of the board and i still hope that our operation team will insist on effecting transformation and upgrade of the group, accelerate the process of promoting young talents, optimize channel management model, continue to carry out the multi-price band strategy and increase the flexibility in operation in 2017, so that the group will be able to respond rapidly to market development, promote the future source of growth, lead the upgrade of the industry and satisfy the diversified needs of customers.
all members of master kong will uphold integrity, pragmatism and innovation as the corporate culture value, and be, as always, dedicated to work to offer a wide range of healthy and high quality products to customers. the group will also adhere to the concept of pursuing sustainable development and contributing to the community, continue to put a strong emphasis on food safety and discharge its corporate social responsibility in a practical manner. i wish that our consumers, employees and shareholders will continue to give their support to master kong, so that together we could move towards a more sustainable and brighter future.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt appreciation to all fellows of the board, the management and all staff and customers.

shanghai, the prc 27 march 2017 