in 2016, the global economy was recovering moderately and developing steadily. chinas economic growth was slowing down but still strong. with the deepening of the supply-side structural reform internally and the steady progress of rmb internationalization externally, chinas annual gdp growth rate maintained at around 6.7%, continuing to lead the worlds economic growth. as a result, doubts about chinas economy encountering a hard landing were dispelled and the financial market was gradually stepping out of the rock bottom. in domestic market, due to the pulling effect of strong domestic demands, the consumer goods market continued to grow and the consumption of urban and rural residents also increased steadily. the emerging industries, such as online retailing, have been developing rapidly and highlighted a series of new concepts, such as quality consumption, green consumption, fashion consumption, etc. the structure of the consumer goods market has been further optimized and the trend of the consumption upgrade has become 
during the reporting period, the group proactively grasped the trend of the consumption upgrade, gained an insight into customer needs, established a platform based on customer needs and innovation capabilities and formed five business segments comprising flavours and fragrances, tobacco raw materials, aroma raw materials, innovative tobacco products as well as other businesses, which built a good foundation for the sustainable development of the group.
in terms of production efficiency, the group will comprehensively implement a new performance assessment system, enhance its industry benchmarking, optimize its management structure as well as improve its management efficiency. meanwhile, the group will further push forward its internal reorganization, lean production, cost control and efficiency enhancement to make sure that the overall strategic development target is comprehensively implemented.
in terms of capital market operations, during the reporting period, the group made efforts to push forward the proposed spin-off and separate listing of huabao flavour by way of the proposed a share listing on the growth enterprise market in shenzhen stock exchange. the proposal was approved by hong kong stock exchange and the related resolutions have been passed at the extraordinary general meeting with a high passing rate, but it is still subject to the approval from relevant prc regulators (including csrc) and has to satisfy other conditions. in addition, the group is actively considering establishing an industry fund, through a combined funding method of the company-owned funds, bank leverage and the merger and acquisition industry fund, to make mergers and acquisitions in the industry chain, to integrate industry resources, and to try its utmost to realize the rapid growth of its business and promote the development of its core businesses segments.
in terms of the construction of corporate culture and human resources, in order to coordinate with the groups development and strategic upgrade, the management has made drastic improvements.
the group will gradually establish a performance-oriented corporate management culture, which will cover the entire corporate management and routine work. through the management structure adjustment, the group will gradually build a new core team with young and promising members, daring to struggle and daring to innovate, which will really benefit the groups transformation and 
i am strongly optimistic about the groups new development layout and future prospect. i also deeply realize that huabao should firmly seize the opportunity of the consumption upgrade, establish consumer insights, focus on the consumer goods industries benefiting from the consumption upgrade, and integrate industry resources through mergers and acquisitions in the industry chain.
meanwhile, we will strengthen the integration and penetration of channel resources, combine our industry expertise and integrating capability with social capital, through multiple capital platforms, multiple cooperation channels and multiple investment cooperation models, and make efforts to achieve new growth and create greater 
finally, on behalf of the board, i would like to extend sincere gratitude to all shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuing support. my gratitude also goes to the directors, executives and employees who have been dedicating to the development of huabao. i am grateful for your invaluable contributions. i am confident that i will be able to lead the groups management team, upholding the spirit of huabao innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative, to build huabao into a great investment holding group based on the consumer goods market.
chu lam yiu
chairwoman & chief executive officer hongkong, 16 june 2017 