letter from chairman over the past twelve months, the group maintained its clear focus to execute the most complex and critical phase of our strategic plan to restore the long term competitiveness of esprit. we implemented a vertical model to reduce product development lead-time and simplify our supply chain so that it is leaner and more cost effective. the ultimate goal of all of the initiatives behind our vertical model is to enable the group to consistently deliver outstanding value for money products to our customers. additionally, we started to introduce the necessary changes to develop an ambitious omnichannel model for our distribution, which aims to maximize sales performance across all our channels (offline and online).
while more work is still needed in both the vertical and omnichannel areas, the intense efforts of the past year have laid the foundation of our future business model and have resulted in positive progress, giving us confidence that we are on the right track to building a sound platform for growth. our commitment to move forward with our strategic plan remains intact as we firmly believe that this plan is vital to creating long term shareholder value.
during the financial year (fy1415), the overall challenging market conditions adversely affected the group s performance. in europe, our largest region, the unusually warm winter put pressure on the sales of our autumnwinter collections and resulted in a highly promotional and discount driven market environment during the entire season. in asia pacific, deceleration of growth in china s economy broadly impacted consumer spending in the region. the significant depreciation of the euro against our reporting currency, the hong kong dollar, also placed considerable pressure on the group s financial results.
against the backdrop of this difficult operating environment, the group s turnover decreased to hk$19,421 million, representing a year-on-year decline of -11.5% in local currency (-19.8% in hong kong dollar terms) and resulting in an operating loss of hk$3,683 million.
this included non-recurring provisions and impairments, majority of which are non-cash, totaling hk$2,965 million (comprised of an impairment of china goodwill of hk$2,512 million and a provision and impairment for underperforming stores of hk$453 million as highlighted in the profit warning announcement in may 2015). as the group recorded a loss for the full financial year, the board has not recommended the payment of a final dividend.
in parallel to the challenging business performance, the board has been closely monitoring the implementation of the strategic plan and we have seen first-hand good progress achieved in such a huge undertaking. while the results of fy1415 were certainly not what we all hoped for, we are encouraged by the improved trend of sales performance since the arrival of the new springsummer 2015 collections, the first ones produced under the vertical model. as these new collections only arrived in our stores towards the later part of the financial year, the group s fy1415 results do not reflect as much positive impact from the collections as we expect to see in the coming financial year and beyond.
meanwhile, the group s balance sheet remains healthy with a net cash position of hk$5,017 million and zero debt. now that esprit is on a firmer footing, and in anticipation of improving product performance, we are ready to deploy some of this cash reserve to fund the final phase of our turnaround strategy, which will focus on driving sustainable top line growth. in gearing up for this new phase, the board has approved a plan that is expected to complement our improved products by accelerating our marketing efforts and aggressively pushing forward our omnichannel strategy. we are confident that our continued focus and determined execution of the strategic priorities will gradually be reflected in the group s on a different note, this year, we were fortunate to be able to expand the board s membership to bring further skill, insight and value to esprit. i am delighted to inform you that the board appointed dr jos mara castellano ros as an independent non-executive director in december 2014. dr castellano is a veteran of the international fashion and apparel industry, with over 30 years experience. the board believes that his wealth of industry knowledge and expertise will bring invaluable insight to the group. furthermore, the board has taken a step forward by establishing a risk management committee, effective on 1 july 2015. while the full board retains overall responsibility for risk oversight, it is hoped that the formation of this committee will enhance the group s effectiveness and efficiency in identifying and managing potential critical risks, thereby mitigating our overall risk exposure.
i am also pleased to report that this year we expanded our reporting on corporate social responsibility by publishing our first ever sustainability report. as a responsible corporate citizen, esprit has always been focused on social, environmental and ethical matters as a core part of our dna. we believe that this approach will greatly contribute to the long-term success of our business.
in closing, on behalf of the board, i would like to thank our shareholders for their continued support and patience as we progress through our turnaround journey. special thanks go also to all of our employees for their hard work and commitment during this difficult time of significant change for esprit. the growth phase that we are now embarking upon is not without challenge, but there is much hope and excitement across all levels of our organization as we leverage the strong foundation that we have laid over the last two years.
every successful journey takes time, and we believe that we are nearing our final destination which is to restore the long term competitiveness of our group.
dr raymond or ching faiindependent non-executive chairman 23 september 2015 