letter to shareholders
let s celebrate! year 2008 not only marks 40 years of success for esprit as a brand, but it also marks the 15 th year of being a listed company consistently delivering outstanding performance. we have taken this opportunity to celebrate our remarkable history and share our happiness with our stakeholders. large scale promotional events and advertising campaigns are launched in major cities globally. we have also prepared a special gift for our shareholders a proposed 40% special dividend, together with regular dividend, for a total dividend payout of 80% all on top of the 25.6% turnover growth while maintaining stable profitability.

our story has always been about growth and we saw plenty of growth opportunities that had emerged during this difficult time. this year, we wrote new chapters in all three dimensions of our operations product offerings, geographical reach, and distribution channels. we are still quite insignificant in many countries globally and there are even more countries where we have yet to crack. based on our commitment to accelerate retail growth since last year, we have gathered momentum in expanding our global retail network. in addition, separating edc allows us to leverage on our well-established operational platform and experienced management, expanding the potential to grow our business. all these are possible because i have a winning team! i have spent the past few years grooming our young, but extremely passionate and devoted management team. together, we are an experienced mind with young wings , the perfect combination.
apart from being a successful company, esprit is proud to carry on its heritage of being a responsible corporate citizen and play its integral role in the global community.
we continue to take initiatives in supporting numerous charity programmes and have established notable projects such as the partnership with sos-kinderdrfer project to help children in india. esprit cares for the social welfare of the world and incorporates the world s values into every corporate decision made the world is our culture.
growth story continues...
i strongly believe that even under difficult economic conditions, customers do not stop all purchases; they only become more selective in spending their money. this is the time for the strong companies, like esprit, to show its strength to outperform the competition in attracting customers. to achieve that, we stand by our motto to be the top performer in strategic product categories. it means that we have to make it to the top of our customers shopping list by being a leader in product categories that are most important to them. it means offering the perfect products at fair prices in a pleasant shopping atmosphere by making sure we do everything right from the beginning. from proper positioning, to having a structure of product offering and content of product assortment which maximizes our ability to satisfy customers needs; by rolling our sleeves up to making every detail our first priority, with the aim to create a unique shopping experience to connect with our customers.
looking ahead to the next 40 years, i aim for esprit to continue to rank amongst our top global peers. not only for success s sake but to make the people here proud of their achievements. my wish for esprit s 40 th birthday is that it will keep its spirit and continue to excel amongst its competitors. the people here feel proud because they are winners i wish them and the company to always belong to a winning team.

