i am confident that we are on the right track to restore esprit back to its full potential.
01.1 letter from chairman 
as i complete my first full year serving as chairman, i am pleased to report that esprit has continued its journey of substantial transformation. over the course of the financial year, we announced the realignment of our strategic priorities along with new initiatives to regain market competitiveness and build a stronger foundation for our future. i am confident that we are on the right track to restore esprit back to its full potential, and that the steps we are taking, including the hard work that goes behind them, will translate into sustainable growth and profitability, thereby creating value for all stakeholders.
having had the privilege of being associated with the group for many years, i have seen first hand the evolution of the apparel industry as well as the many ups and downs in the global economies. recently, factors such as the challenging economic conditions in the euro zone and the intensifying competition in the apparel industry have indeed placed much pressure on the groups operating performance. as a consequence, the groups turnover decreased to hk$25,902 million in fy1213, representing a year-on-year decline of 11.5% in local currency. the corresponding operating loss was hk$4,170 million including the non-recurring provisions and impairments of hk$2,722 million (as highlighted in the profit warning announcement in may 2013), as well as higher than expected special items (provisions on doubtful debt, provisions on inventory, and impairments of fixed assets for loss-making stores) totalling hk$855 million. as the group recorded a loss for the financial year, the board has not recommended the payment of a dividend.
the group is currently in the midst of undergoing major changes to address this situation and adapt to the rapidly evolving market and competitive environment. the significant efforts made by the management team in this regard have not yet been reflected in our financial performance. however, since taking over the responsibility to lead the board in june 2012, i am delighted to report that the board and the management team have successfully accomplished three important and critical tasks during fy1213.
firstly, in august 2012, we announced the appointment of jose manuel martnez gutirrez as our new group chief executive officer and executive director. mr martnez has worked with the management team to promptly put in place the strategic measures to (i) stabilize the business by radically reducing costs and stabilizing the operations in the short term; (ii) reignite growth by installing a high performance product engine in the medium term; and (iii) develop a platform for future growth which includes, among other initiatives, further development of our business in china and expanding the edc brand in the long term.
the board is encouraged to see the initial results from the short term cost savings plan, the most noteworthy being a significant reduction of the groups cash utilization, as evidenced by a cash consumption of only hk$42 million, net of dividend payment of hk$281 million, in the second half of fy1213. this represents a considerable reduction when compared with cash consumption of hk$1,552 million in the first half of the financial year.
secondly, in october 2012, we were fortunate to find a window of opportunity to raise approximately hk$5.1 billion under a successful rights issue. this has strengthened the groups cash position, providing required funding for the execution of our transformation.
indeed, i would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their strong support on this rights issue.
thirdly, as i mentioned in my last letter to you, the board strives to expand its membership to achieve a well-balanced mix of executive and non-executive directors who bring further skills, insight and value to esprit. i am delighted to inform you that mr norbert adolf platt and mrs eva cheng li kam fun were appointed on 6 december 2012 and mr carmelo lee ka sze was appointed on 25 july 2013 as independent non-executive directors of the company. with their wealth of experience and expertise in the consumer retail industry, the china market, and the best practices in corporate governance, i am sure that they will bring invaluable insights and contributions to the group.
looking ahead, the road to recovery is still full of challenges. however, the board fully supports the strategic priorities laid down by the management. with the continued dedication, commitment and hard work of our executive management team and our employees, i remain confident that we are on the right path to restore the groups sustainable profitability, to build the foundation for our future growth, and to achieve our goal of re-establishing esprit as a leading international fashion brand.
raymond or ching fai independent non-executive chairman
10 september 2013 
