despite the challenging economic environment, the vitasoy group delivered another year of steady performance in fy20162017.
due to the divestiture of the north american mainstream and san sui business (the north american divestiture), the group registered a sales decrease of 3% (flat on a constant currency basis). excluding the impact of the north american divestiture, revenue increased by 6% year-on-year to hk$5,360 million, and 8% on a constant currency basis. profit attributable to equity shareholders of the company increased by 16% to hk$618 million, mainly due to the gain from the north american divestiture. net of the impact of the north american divestiture, the underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders of the company grew by 2%.
in view of the groups business growth and healthy financial position, the board will recommend a final dividend of hk27.1 cents per ordinary share and a special dividend of hk4.2 cents per ordinary share at the annual general meeting to be held on 6th september 2017. together with the interim dividend of hk3.8 cents per ordinary share, this brings the total dividend for fy20162017 to hk35.1 cents per ordinary share (fy20152016 total dividend: hk30.3 cents per 
delivering sustainable growth
the business performance of fy20162017 reflects the execution of a steady sustainable growth strategy, which has weathered volatile market conditions in our core markets as well as rising competitive pressure to deliver measurable gains. the group will continue to adhere to this proven strategy, supplemented by significant capital investments made in recent years, to deliver long-term value for our shareholders, business partners and key stakeholders.
steady performance across markets
mainland china remained the largest contributor to the groups revenue at 49%. during fy20162017, sales revenue grew by 11% to hk$2,666 million. adjusting for currency fluctuations by reporting in rmb, sales grew by 17%.
on a comparable basis, the hong kong sales remained flat and a slight drop of 1% in operating profit was recorded. after re-clustering the post-divestiture north american business under hong kong, revenue increased by 5% to hk$2,168 million. focusing on growing our main vitasoy franchise, we augmented our presence through increased distribution channels and new innovative products.
australia and new zealand delivered a satisfactory result with revenue up 12% to hk$472 million. with a solid core business and a disciplined, well-tailored commercial strategy, we have improved in-store execution, promotion strategy, distribution and our product range to enhance our market leadership in australia.
the past year was a year of transition for the singapore business, with sales slowing by 5% to hk$100.4 million as we changed to another import distributor for ambient beverages. part of this decline was due to a planned decrease in inventories as we switched to the new 
expansion into the philippines the group has formed a joint venture with universal robina corporation in the philippines to sell soya milk. our joint venture partner is well connected in the market, and brings established distribution capabilities to the new venture. we look forward to bringing vitasoys high quality plant based nutrition to the healthconscious consumers in the philippines.
focus on sustainability after publishing our first sustainability report two years ago, we have since re-articulated our sustainable plant-based nutrition vision, identified specific areas of action in our product portfolio and our operations, and set measurable key performance indicators through 2025. with sustainability firmly integrated into the groups corporate positioning, our third sustainability report, to be published in july 2017, describes our continual progress towards making the right products and making products the right way.
the year ahead
going forward, vitasoy will continue to focus on implementation and execution of our sustainable growth strategy. we are committed to investing in the long-term development of the business, and will maintain efforts to expand our operations and generate solid returns for our investors. although the current and foreseeable market conditions remain challenging, the group is well positioned to deliver disciplined growth and sustainable success.
appreciation and welcome
on behalf of the board, i would like to welcome mr. paul jeremy brough, who joined us as an independent non-executive director on 3rd september 2016. mr. brough brings a rich background of business and financial expertise to the board, and has served as chairman of the audit committee and a member of the remuneration and nomination committee since his appointment. i also wish to take this opportunity to welcome dr. roy chi-ping chung, mr. peter tak-shing lo and ms. may lo, who will join the board on 24th june 2017. our new board members bring valuable financial, business and technical expertise, knowledge and experience to vitasoy group as we move forward in achieving innovation, sustainability and growth.
i wish to extend my sincere thanks to the board, the management team and our staff for their tireless dedication, enthusiasm and commitment; as well as our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continued support.
winston yau-lai lo

23rd june 2017 