i am pleased to report that for the year ended 31st march, 2007, the groups profit attributable to equity shareholders of the company was hk$174 million, representing a moderate increase of 1.2% year-on-year. total turnover was hk$2,693 million, up 6.9%. the groups gross profit for the year increased to hk$1,563 million, up 5.5% from the previous year. earnings per share were hk$0.173. the groups earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation expenses (ebitda) stood at hk$344 million, up 3.3%, while ebitda margin was 12.8% of sales.

the board of directors is recommending a final dividend of hk6.7 cents per share at the annual general meeting on 6th september, 2007. this, together with the interim dividend of hk2.8 cents per share, will mean that the groups total dividend for fiscal 20062007 will be hk9.5 cents per share (20052006: hk9.5 cents per share). in addition, the board is recommending a special dividend of hk10.0 cents per share (20052006: hk10.0 cents per share). it is the fifth consecutive year that we are paying a special dividend. this decision of the board is in line with our commitment to create higher value for shareholders. it also reflects our consistently healthy 
in the year under review, the operating environment in most of the groups key markets remained basically positive. despite the various challenges that still existed, we forged ahead with the implementation of our growth and development strategies in these markets and achieved a better financial performance as a whole. our core strategy focused primarily on the development and introduction of value added new products that would appeal to a wider spectrum of consumers. to ensure its success, we matched it with aggressive marketing and brand building in markets worldwide. as a result, we saw remarkably strong growth in the burgeoning markets of mainland china, australia and new zealand. in hong kong, we were able to benefit from the prevailing economic upturn to maintain our market leadership in core businesses while achieving steady sales growth. in north america, however, because of adverse market conditions which naturally hindered business growth and product diversification, a slight drop in overall sales was recorded together with the widening of the operating loss.

in hong kong, the business environment was largely upbeat in the past year. domestic consumption was strong, driven by improved employment and tourism. investment sentiment was bullish as evidenced by active stock trading while external trade was boosted by growing demand from mainland china and the asia pacific region. the local non-carbonated beverage market recorded a growth of over 5% in terms of sales and the upward adjustment of beverage prices became possible in certain areas.

we will maintain our advantages in areas we excel in and further enhance our market positions in various markets.

last year we saw steady sales growth in hong kong and, more importantly, we managed to maintain our operating margin, despite an increase in costs. total sales in the local market increased by a healthy 3.8% in the full year, which was primarily driven by the introduction of new products that drew keen response from the market.
the groups tuck shop business in hong kong under vitaland services limited continued to perform well. by the end of fiscal 20062007, the number of vitaland tuck shops reached 303, versus 292 a year ago, and we commanded a significant market share in the school tuck shop business. the catering business of our subsidiary, hong kong gourmet limited, also sustained its growth trend as we continued to drive penetration in the local market.
the groups exports from hong kong improved further. export sales grew by 5.7% year-on-year. exports to macau rose considerably while sales in singapore also increased after the change of distributors.

as already mentioned, the performance of the groups operation in north america was hindered by an unfavourable market environment. in 2006, total soy food sales in the us shrank by 2% due mainly to declining tofu sales.
sales revenue generated by the groups north american operation decreased slightly by 0.2% in fiscal 20062007.
while there was an increase in revenue coming from new products as well as imported goods and pasta, the sales of aseptic soymilk and tofu decreased. all in all, the operating loss widened due mainly to the launching of two new product lines, namely, refrigerated sauces and salad dressings, that did not perform as satisfactorily as expected. in view of that, these product lines were subsequently discontinued.

in mainland china, the operating environment was conducive as the nationwide economy continued to flourish. there has been a growing tendency for consumers in the major cities to be more health-and-quality conscious, which implies the existence of an expanding market for pre-packed high-quality beverages like those offered by the vitasoy group. capitalising on the groups unique market position and brand superiority successfully built up in recent years, we forged ahead full steam to implement the focused strategy of core business, core brand and core city in the mainland china market. we also introduced a wider variety of products from hong kong under closer economic partnership arrangement (cepa) to meet the demand in mainland china. the enthusiastic response we received was one of the key factors that accounted for sales growth in the mainland china market.
the results we achieved in the mainland china market in fiscal 20062007 were outstanding. in the year under review, sales revenue generated from the mainland chinas domestic market registered a hefty growth of 38.6% year-on-year.
australia and new zealand
the australian and new zealand markets continued to increase in importance to the group in terms of revenue and 
leveraging our track record in product innovation, marketing, pricing and branding, we succeeded in increasing our sales revenue in australia and new zealand by over 20%. operating profit surged by a hefty 53.8%. these increases would have been even more substantial were it not for the capacity constraint we encountered in the first half of the year due to higher-than-forecast demand. we responded to that by immediately embarking on an expansion project in our wodonga plant, which was completed on schedule in 
our focus is product innovation and development of high-growth products through introduction of new flavours and 
outlook and strategy
looking ahead, we believe the operating environment will vary from market to market. our challenge will be to maintain our advantages in areas we excel in and further enhance our market positions in various markets. at the same time, we will refine our business focus where necessary to ensure viability and long-term development.

the hong kong economy is expected to prosper and fuel domestic consumption in general which should in turn benefit the beverage sector. we are pleased to see that the market demand for non-carbonated and healthier beverages has been growing. concurrently, consumers needs are becoming increasingly sophisticated while competition in terms of product innovation and pricing to meet such needs is also intensifying. while inflation is not considered a major issue for hong kong as a whole, we realise that we must manage our operating costs proactively in view of fluctuating raw material prices, higher staff-related expenses and, to some extent, imported inflation from mainland china.
to maintain and enhance profitability, our focus in hong kong is product innovation and the development of high-growth products such as tea and wellness drinks through the introduction of new flavours and added value. tofu, a new category, has been added to our product portfolio in hong kong in may this year under the vitasoy san sui brand.
uniquely positioned as an organic food item that is made from organically grown beans, it has particular appeal for young to middle-aged consumers who are more health-and-quality conscious. this new product line comes with a variant with scallop flavour which is also exclusive in the local market. in addition, we will continue to grow our tuck shop and catering business progressively by targeting more schools and expanding into more outlets.

we will increase our investment in brand building to further enhance our market position and corporate image as the soy expert 
for north america, the operating environment is expected to remain challenging in view of the market condition. the soy food market, however, might expect to see only slight growth 
our goal in the coming months is to narrow the operating loss substantially. we will achieve that through a three- pronged strategy. firstly, we will re-focus on core products and core competencies to increase sales revenue. we will reinforce the market position of nasoya as a dominant tofu pasta brand. to drive tofu sales, we will put more resources on the emerging growth channels such as food service and club stores. leveraging our heritage and product innovation, we shall introduce more variants of seasonal soymilk and develop private label programmes for tofu. we will also enhance the image of vitasoy as a healthy beverage innovator to grow the sales of aseptic soymilk. secondly, we will focus on the reduction of overheads with a view to improving the cost base. thirdly, given the strong market positions established by our nasoya and azumaya product lines in north america, we find that there is room for price revision. this move, to be taken in july 2007, should allow us to improve our operating results.

the fast-expanding mainland china market is likely to maintain its pace of growth. greater affluence and health awareness should create higher demand for quality products, including functional beverages that carry the health and natural concept.
at the same time, the immense growth potential of this market will inevitably attract more competitors. this could also stimulate the demand growth and we are confident to benefit from this healthy competition.
in the year ahead and beyond, we will continue with the strategy of core business, core brand and core city in mainland china. given our strong sales and profit-making momentum, we will increase our investment in brand building to further enhance our market position and corporate image as the soy expert. we are in the process of rolling out more cepa products to drive sales in mainland china. we have enjoyed a remarkable track record in capturing the market of southern china through successful brand building and product launches. we are aiming to capitalise on and replicate this model of success in eastern and northern china, particularly in shanghai and the provinces of jiangsu and zhejiang. at the same time, the groups co-packing business will continue to play an important role in maximising the mainland china plants capacity utilisation.
australia and new zealand
similarly, we will continue to envisage high growth in our australian and new zealand markets. we are also aware that competition, especially where pricing is concerned, is likely to intensify. in the coming year, we aim to achieve healthy growth in both sales and profit in these markets. now that our production capacity in australia has been substantially expanded, we are in a good position to re-focus on the development and launching of new products. we will also drive sales through more aggressive marketing and an effective 
vote of thanks
in concluding, i wish to extend my gratitude to the board of directors for their wise counsel and guidance as well as to shareholders and customers for their trust and loyalty. i must also express my deep appreciation to our employees worldwide, whose contribution has been indispensable to the groups continued success.
winston yau-lai lo

9th july, 2007 
