i am pleased to report to our shareholders the results of the group for 2016.
during the year, the market was extremely volatile domestically and overseas with rapid changes in the global political and economic environment. against this scenario, the board and the management of the group have made considerable efforts to integrate its financing activities and business operations and continued to focus on its principal businesses infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products. these core businesses have also been further strengthened to improve operational efficiency. in addition, the group has achieved stable growth for its business segments through developing new business arenas and enhancing its internal control. capitalizing on activities in the capital market, the group has also increased mergers and acquisitions activities and completed a number of material projects, building an excellent asset structure and laying a solid foundation for its long-term 
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the groups net profit amounted to hk$2,903 million, representing a yearon-year increase of 2.7% as compared to last year. the increase was mainly attributable to stable profitability growth for the year of our infrastructure facilities and consumer products businesses. the groups total revenue amounted to hk$22,132 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.4%.
the board of directors has recommended a final dividend of hk46 cents (2015: hk45 cents) per share for 2016.
together with an interim dividend of hk36 cents (2015: hk36 cents) per share and a special dividend of hk10 cents per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to hk92 cents (2015: hk81 cents) per share.
during the year, the group continued to build up a good momentum for the development of its three core businesses and achieve satisfactory growth. of these, the toll roads business maintained a strong cash flow, water services business expanded rapidly, and the infrastructure facilities business recorded a profit of hk$1,397 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.9%. furthermore, the toll roads and water services businesses acquired a number of high-quality assets through capital injections from the parent company as well as mergers and acquisitions in the market, further strengthening profitability for its core businesses.
the real estate business recorded a profit of hk$752 million for the year on the back of rapid developments in the domestic real estate market. it however represented a decrease of 15.4% over the previous year which was mainly attributable to extra profits recorded for the disposal of a 10% interest in the four season hotel shanghai during the last financial year. excluding the impact from the extra gains, profits actually increased by 2.5% over last year.
the consumer products business maintained steady growth against a difficult external environment, recording a net profit of hk$1,075 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.5%.
infrastructure business continuing to grow and expand its asset size in september 2016, the group acquired 23.0584% interests of bridge company from its parent company at a consideration of hk$1,803 million. this connected transaction was approved unanimously by the independent shareholders of the company at an extraordinary general meeting. the acquisition has resulted in the injection of high-quality assets into the groups toll road business, helping to enhance its future profitability.
during the year, the groups three existing high-quality toll roads continued to generate stable cash flow and recorded sustained growth. traffic flow and revenue also increased overall, benefiting from a rising number of cars and tourist traffic. considerable efforts were made to improve operational efficiency such as enhancing management standards for its roads, improving road maintenance and monitoring and to effectively prevent traffic jams.
for the water services business, the group continued to expand its asset size as planned and to improve the quality of its assets, further consolidating its market share in the industry.
in october 2016, the company and si environment acquired 20.2344% and 32.6562% shareholding interests totaling 52.8906% in longjiang environmental for a cash consideration of rmb518 million and rmb836 million, respectively. together with the 42.1094% shareholding interests already held by the group, the acquisition brought the groups shareholding interests in longjiang environmental to 95%. in february 2017, a further acquisition of a 3.75% interest in longjiang environmental from an independent third party for a cash consideration of rmb96 million was made, bringing the groups shareholding interests to 98.75%. longjiang environmental is a leading company in the water services industry in heilongjiang, and such acquisition represents an important strategic move in respect of the groups investments in the water services industry in the northeast china region.
to increase the scale of investment of its water and environmental operations, in january 2017, the company subscribed for 350,000,000 shares in si environment at s$0.63 per share, upon which the company will hold approximately 45.95% of si environments enlarged issued share capital. the acquisition is now pending approval from independent shareholders of si environment.
in addition, in february 2017, the company subscribed for 300,000,000 shares in canvest environmental at hk$3.50 per share. the total investment is hk$1,050 million. together with the 2.42% shareholding interests originally held by si environment, the group holds a total of 15.28% interest in canvest environmental after the subscription. canvest environmental is a leading waste-to-energy enterprise. the increase in shareholding in the company represents a significant move for the groups infrastructure sector in the adjustment of its investment strategy in solid waste projects.
through shanghai galaxy and galaxy energy, the group has wholly owned or is now owning controlling shares of eleven photovoltaic power generation projects nationwide, with a total asset scale reaching 560mw, an increase of 50mw from last year. among which, an aggregate of 410mw are qualified to obtain governmental subsidies on 
real estate business optimising its asset structure and enhancing operational 
during the year, the groups real estate enterprises capitalized on opportunities arising from rapid developments of the property market and achieved satisfactory results. this has been achieved through effectively strengthening its business development and marketing capabilities as well as improving the quality of its assets and streamlining its asset portfolio. at the same time, efforts were made to promote the development of emerging industries and to prevent operational risks.
the private placement of si development was completed satisfactorily, raising a total proceed of rmb3,902 million for the group. accordingly, the proportion of the companys shareholding in si development was diluted from 63.65% to 48.60%. in addition, si development issued corporate bonds with grade aa ratings amounting to rmb1,000 million at a very low coupon rate of 3.23% for the prevailing period, resulting in the improvement of its financial structure. during the period, a total of 426,000,000 shares from the companys capital reserve was converted to its share capital at a ratio of 3 shares for every 10 shares for its shareholders, raising the total share capital of the company to 1,845,000,000 shares. while enhancing its share capital, the company also shared its operating rewards with its investors.
in 2016, si urban development disposed of its 35% and 40% interests in the u center in shanghai by way of withdrawing from the green carbon fund and public bidding respectively, bringing a total pre-tax disposal gain of approximately rmb2,000 million to shanghai urban development. during the same period, shanghai urban development issued a six-year term corporate bond package amounting to rmb1,700 million at a rate of 3.9% while si urban development obtained a loan of rmb3,000 million from a syndicate of banks at a rate of 3.8% respectively. the proceeds of such financing arrangements will be used partly for the repayment of shareholders loans denominated in foreign currencies, and partly to optimize si urban developments debt structure and to minimize the impact of the fluctuation of the rmb exchange rate on it.
to enhance the quality of its land reserves at a reasonable cost and to consolidate its strategy of focusing on developments in shanghai, si urban development acquired contemporary art villas and contemporary splendour villas in 2016 at a consideration of rmb2,350 million. both residential villa developments are located in minhang district, shanghai with a respective site area of 116,308 sq.m. and 120,512 sq.m. the residential portion of todtown phase 1 under the metro superstructure project jointly developed by si urban development, sun hung kai properties and the shanghai government, are planned to be launched in 2017.
consumer products business expanding new arenas and promoting operational 
in 2016, nanyang tobacco experienced considerable changes in the external environment. through continuous improvement of equipment technology, the company increased production capacity, reduced costs and enhanced efficiency. it also strived to optimise its product mix, and has met the target of successive growth in total sales volume, sales revenue and net profit.
for wing fat printing, despite unfavourable conditions in the tobacco and wine packaging markets, the company achieved satisfactory results as the exquisite-moulded fiber-packaging box manufacturing base was built and put into operation as scheduled. in the second half of the year, wing fat achieved better operating efficiency and moved a big step forward towards the companys strategic business transformation.

the group will continue to streamline the management of its infrastructure business and make considerable efforts to constrain cost and increase efficiency. plans will also be made to promote the integration of its financing activities and business operations in order to enhance capital return. for the water services business, we will continue to promote acquisitions and mergers in an orderly manner through capital operation to further increase its asset size while continuing to explore new business areas.
for real estate, the group has laid a firm foundation for this business by restructuring and revitalization of its assets over the past few years. following rapid developments of the mainland market in 2016, the real estate market is expected to face challenges such as potential regulatory policies imposed on the real estate sector and fluctuations in the capital markets in europe and the united states in the coming year. under the circumstances, the group will carefully monitor the pace of its development, further revitalize its assets and accelerate the operation and efficiency of its commercial assets platform. it will also expand the size of emerging industries to create higher returns for the 
nanyang tobacco will maintain its leading position in technology, strengthen its internal management, control cost, and prevent exchange risk. wing fat printing will strive to lift service standards and profitability of its traditional cigarette and wine packaging businesses, and at the same time enhancing its market expansion capability, r&d capability and investment returns for its new exquisite-moulded fiber business.
finally, on behalf of the board of directors, i wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.

hong kong, 29 march 2017 