year 2016 was a year of twists and turns for the global economy. to the company, it was a year of making suitable readjustment, strengthening its foundation, continuing with innovation and sailing against the wind. building on its accomplishments in year 2016, each line of business of the company became more sophisticated and together offered a well-balanced, diversified and one-stop service. this laid a foundation for the companys long term development strategy.
in year 2017, the companys goal will continue to be building a leading asia focused investment and financing platform. the company will keep abreast of changes in our concerned industries, boost our core businesses competiveness, enhance the user experience of our products, thus providing better financial services to more clients.
a defined direction amidst 
the world is ever changing and year 2016 was no exception. last year, there were a number of black swan events such as the increase in volatility of the global financial market, suspension in growth and subsequent growth of the economy and change in direction of policies from currency focused to fiscal focused. the economy is struggling to recover and this poses not just new threats but also new opportunities.
against this background, chinese and some other economies are still doing well and bringing hope to the global economy. this includes the progressive implementation of the belt and road initiative, the increased interaction between china and asian markets, and the inclusion of renminbi currency in the special drawing rights basket as an international currency. all these help to open up capital markets.
the increased interaction with the rest of the world in 2016 was a turning point for chinese enterprises overseas strategy; the focus of enterprises changed from exporting products to exporting capital and there were attempts of strategic mergers and technical breakthroughs, all of which set the scene for establishing a cross border business. in this process, hong kong remains a bridgehead for mainland china to connect with the global market as well as a key region where capital exports and overseas mergers take place. the company will make full use of its geographical location to assist chinese enterprises understand and move into the global market, as illustrated by its vision established in hong kong, connecting china with the world.
in view of the current economic situation, individuals are also experiencing unprecedented changes. in the financial sector, fintech started to emerge in the united states, china and other countries and developed rapidly in different ways. the development of fintechfinancial technology allowed the interaction between individuals themselves and between individuals and corporates to go beyond physical contact, and this is transforming the way we live and how we invest. fintech stimulated a shift in the investor landscape whereby inclusive finance targeting ordinary individual investors has already developed into a huge market. private banks are also making a change. there are still opportunities in the market, for example there is still a lack of provision of tailor made products for the middle class. given how the company positions itself, the company invests heavily in financial technology and is dedicated to create a professional and convenient one-stop service financial services platform.
looking back at 2016 year 2016 marked the companys completion of its strategy planning and technical platform building.
combining our knowledge and experience in the internet business and the financial field, the company has completed the setting up of its five lines of business, namely securities trading, employees shareholding service, wealth management, investment research and corporate finance. further to the introduction and upgrading works done in 2016, all five lines of business are now on-line and synchronised.
in 2016, the company launched its first end-user software on mobile devices designed for securities trading clients, youyu stock, and has invested substantial resources in improving it. the software has since been upgraded from version 1.0 to version 1.8 offering new functions including streamlined online transactions, real-time market information inquiry system and data analysis tools which enhanced users 
in 2016, the company established a new line of business, employees shareholding service. this is one of our core businesses which sets us apart from other financial institutions and gives us a competitive edge.
this line of business offers a tailor-made employee equity management system based on corporate clients actual needs. in 2016, the employees shareholding service has gone online with a strong back-end support system. a number of breakthroughs have been made in streamlining the processing and cross-selling this service with our other products. the service offers immense convenience to corporates and the company has already secured its first batch of clients in the first 
the companys wealth management line of business also made substantive progress in 2016. after having analysed the global financial market, we shortlisted and connected with over 50 international top grade fund managers and added closed to 10,000 funds to our database. in 2016, we completed developing and testing version 1.0 of our end-user software on mobile devices and carefully selected 145 funds as its first batch of products.
our wealth management business has also made substantive progress offline. in end-2016, we successfully issued our first private equity fund of fund product designed for professional investors. we partner with top grade private equity fund managers who invest in the commercial real estate debt market and the private direct lending market in the united states which we believe are good investment opportunities. we have successfully locked in a handful of rare investment targets and have received numerous subscriptions by different categories of investors including professional institutional investors, small and medium sized enterprises investors, and high net worth individual investors. we expect to receive investment returns which are better than the markets overall performance. this project not only demonstrated our market power and competitive edge in selecting financial products in the global market but also provided actual market experience in issuing a yunfeng financial product thus showcasing our capabilities in building a leading financial platform in 
our corporate finance team provided advisory services to 30 corporate clients during the year. we believe that there will still be a large number of such capital market demands in the future as a result of corporate development in mainland china and hong kong. we are committed to provide listing and merger support as well as financing and consultancy services to our client. our corporate finance team will also use its experience and connection to provide support to the companys other lines of business.
our investment research business has completed building its team in the second half of 2016 and provides support to our other lines of business in a number of areas including investment decision making, research and analysis, and investment education and training. with the high quality analysis reports and featured research articles, our research teams influence in the market has significantly increased.
within a few months of its launch, our corporate wechat public platform account which contains contents contributed by our investment research team has become one of the most popular professional financial wechat public platform accounts.
in 2016, we have also completed the official renaming of our group. yunfeng financial, as the companys new name used on the hong kong stock exchange and other platforms, has an enhanced brand recognition and corporate image.
the company has formed a solid employee base in 2016 by increasing the number of staff to over 220, out of which the number of technical development experts has multiplied compared with the previous year. our technical development experts provide invaluable support to our business and product development. at present, the company has hired the top notch talents in the fintech field. through their technical skill, knowledge, experience and deep understanding of the operation of financial technology, they are here to enhance the quality of financial products.
looking forward to 2017 we will continue to upgrade our products by using our knowledge in the internet and financial businesses.
we will make the best use of online technology in the provision of financial services, as well as our overseas wealth management experience in asset management.
as far as our lines of business are concerned, apart from business development, we will focus on building a unique brokerage service and completing our multiplatform trading system and value added services projects. at the same time, we will enhance our uniqueness and product user experience and will prevent ourselves from falling into the commission trap. the company will make the best use of our wealth management expertise, and select the best fund managers in the world and identify sought after products. as part of our plan, we will launch new functions on our investment application. against the background of hong kong being a leading financial centre, our corporate finance business will reallocate the companys shareholder resources and assist chinese enterprises to go global in the areas of listing and mergers. the company will expand its employees shareholding service business by promoting it to corporate clients. with regard to technology development, we will commit to placing resources in this area to streamline account opening, funds transfer, transaction processing and investment 
in 2016, we have reached a number of milestones. in 2017, we will promote our several lines of business to the market by using cross selling effects, yunfeng financials shareholders expertise in financial technology and big data, and cross-border resources.
on the other hand, to realise the development strategy of the group, different course of corporate plan will be considered including through acquisition or self-developed projects related to personal wealth management business, financial technology and other projects having synergic impact on our the existing business lines. as a result, the company has kept abreast of market opportunities and has also been examining the feasibility of different projects (including acquisition project) and the strategic cooperation with other companies. we anticipate that 2017 will be a difficult year due to the uncertainty in the global economy and chinas rapid economic downturn.
however, we will as a team embrace the changes ahead. we believe that top notch companies and individuals will flourish no matter how challenging is the situation. we hereby express our heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders and partners for their support and 
chief executive officer
hong kong, 28 march 2017 