chairmans and ceos statement dear fellow shareholders:
with a strong close to the 2014 calendar year, reorient has provided proof of concept for the unique approach to investment banking that we launched in 2011. we reversed two years of losses with a solid performance and profit.
in our year-end reviews for 2012 and 2013, we detailed the build-out of our execution platform.
these efforts have been rewarded with solid and diverse sources of revenue during 2014.
2014 was a strong year for chinas equity markets, which turned in the best performance of any of the worlds major equity markets.
chinas reform program accompanied by necessary monetary easing won a clear vote of confidence from the chinese investing public as well as global money managers. reorient benefited both from the increased appetite of chinese firms for business expansion as well as global demand for chinese assets. the firm originated a number of high-profile transactions within china and overseas, and concluded the year with profits derived from a diversified base of business.
two of reorients verticals contributed substantially to consultancy and advisory revenue: investment banking and corporate finance. principal positions in equity received as compensation for origination, banking services and advisory work were the largest contributor to revenue. reorient has and will continue to align the firms interest with our banking customers by taking a portion of fees in the form of equity. notable among the merchant banking transactions were kuangchi science (hk 439) and frontier services (hk 500). they reflect the reach and diversity of our business. kuangchi, a high-tech research firm, has developed near-space technologies that could transform broadband transmission.
frontier services offers secure logistics to chinese and other firms in africa and other 
the performance of reorients merchant banking fund containing our investments in companies we served contributed the preponderance of the firms 2014 earnings.
although a large contribution came from our investment in kuangchi, substantial gains were recorded from several other investments, again reflecting the diversity of our business.
reorients investment banking division participated in several high-profile transactions during 2014. we acted as the sole advisor to the house of fraser, a british department store chain, in its acquisition by sanpower group (nanjing cenbest). we advised chinavision on its acquisition by alibaba. in addition, we acted as advisor in southwest securities acquisition of tanrich, a hong kong-listed securities firm.
the house of fraser transaction was the largest-ever acquisition of a foreign firm in the retail space by a chinese privately-owned enterprise. we anticipate that the environment for chinese m&a activity will improve through 2015, as state-as well as privately- owned enterprises increase their appetite for acquisitions. a challenging regulatory environment during 2014 made chinese managers cautious about acquisitions in 2014.
with the strong rise in chinese stock market capitalization, the volume of m&a activity should increase substantially. we will continue to position the firm to take advantage of these 
2014 was a difficult year for equity sales and trading globally. one of asias largest equity brokers closed its business with several thousand redundancies. reorient was no exception to the general rule. institutional sales and trading lagged the firms other verticals.
we anticipate, however, that increased two- way flows between china and global markets will create new opportunities in this space.
we have qualified as a member of the second group of shanghai-hong kong stock connect market participants, an important opportunity to participate in growing cross-border flows.
the market for rmb financial products both in china and overseas will grow rapidly in response to financial market reforms. this will lead to a steady increase in market volume and participants thus augmenting trading opportunities and increasing the need and opportunity for rmb products. we view the shanghai-hong kong stock connect as a very significant step in the future of chinas participation in global markets. this cross border multi-currency trading facility represents the largest opening of a capital account (chinas) since the introduction of the euro in 1999. it reflects heightened confidence in chinas economy and financial system.
reorient is positioned to benefit from these structural changes, with a new york branch now established and the addition of two additional senior equity trading professionals.
as importantly, we aim to leverage the china reform momentum to build out our asset management platform on a major scale offering a variety of equity and fixed income products to both chinese and foreign investors. chinas asset management industry has only recently begun to regain the momentum it lost after the 2007 disappointment with the then postponement of the through-train program.
it has also suffered from a lack of diversity of investment products. reorient asset management aims to the opportunity presented by the development of new rmb products and the demand for such products by foreign and 
we begin 2015 with a promising deal pipeline, a robust platform, and a dedicated enthusiastic team of professionals committed to enhancing 
ko chun shun, johnson
chairman and executive director

ceo and executive director
hong kong, 23 january 2015 