during the year, the gdp growth in china was 6.7%, 0.2 percentage point lower than 2015.
impacted by the soft macro environment, the prime office demand in china was also relatively weak, in contrast to the increasing supply. according to the market reports, though the rents of prime office buildings in beijing and shanghai continued the stable and upward trend, the occupancy rates declined slightly from last year.
despite these challenges, soho chinas property leasing outperformed the general market in both rental growth and occupancy rate on the strength of soho chinas rich leasing experience and quality property management service. as at the end of december 2016, the average occupancy rate was approximately 96% for all investment properties under leasing. rents of the new contracts were approximately 15% to 25% higher than those of the expired ones.
soho china achieved rental income of approximately rmb1,511 million in 2016, which folded approximately 10 times in merely 4 years after we announced the transition of the business model in 2012. the achievement in the past year proved to the market again that soho china has made full commitment to the long-term development strategy and has been carrying forward the model transition with firm steps and unshakable determination.
the office and retail parts of soho tianshan plaza in shanghai were completed in december 2016 and will be the new leasing property for the group in 2017. our goal is to build up its occupancy to approximately 90% in 12 months and we are confident that such goal should be achievable. at the moment, the group still has two projects under construction, which are soho leeza in beijing and gubei project in shanghai. according to the current development schedule, the whole investment property portfolio is expected to be fully completed at the end of 2018, by then soho china will be holding quality offices in prime locations of beijing and shanghai with a total gross floor area (the gfa) of approximately 1.7 million sq.m..
during the second half of 2016, the group took the market opportunity to sell its entire ownership interest in soho century plaza in shanghai at a consideration of approximately rmb3,297 million (value-added tax inclusive), which was approximately 70% higher than the cost and approximately 21% higher than its re-valued book value as at 30 june 2016, implying a capital rate as low as approximately 3.4%. soho century plaza was a nearly completed building when we acquired it in 2011. at the time of the disposal, it had already been mature and under stable operation. given that it only accounted for approximately 3.7% of the groups total leasable area of all investment properties, the disposal of the project would not exert a material impact on the groups overall level of rental income. based on the above-mentioned reasons, we decided to dispose of our ownership interest in soho century plaza at the time when asset prices were high in the market.
the transaction not only served to unlock the asset value and supplement the working capital for the group, but also proved to the market of the high quality, high liquidity and high value of soho chinas investment properties.
we believe the excellent property management service can add value to investment properties. it helps to guarantee the high quality and high rent of the investment properties, thereby increasing their value and market liquidity. soho china established its property management service in 2010, since then it quickly took over the management of almost all soho chinas properties, including both previously sold and currently held by the group. as at the end of 2016, the group managed 24 projects with a total gfa of approximately 4 million sq.m. in beijing and shanghai.
fresh air system is a must for all soho chinas buildings and the reading levels of pm2.5 (particulate matter 2.5) in soho chinas buildings are far below the national standard level in china. we are glad to see people enjoy themselves working under pm2.5 free environment.
to improve the efficiency and quality of property management, the group has developed an energy management system, which made the electricity consumption of soho chinas buildings approximately 15.8% or 58.49 million kwh lower than the national standard in 2016. the group took the lead in the industry to implement the equipment and facility management system, which enables us to monitor more than 250,000 equipments and facilities in real-time, to carry out maintenance on a regular basis, to allocate work, as well as to forewarn, discover and solve operational problems with promptness.
in order to meet the office demand in the internet era, soho china launched a new generation of shared-office product soho 3q in early 2015. soho china has already opened 17 soho 3q centers in our investment properties, with another two under construction, in total offering more than 16,000 seats in beijing and shanghai. soho 3q has become the largest shared office in beijing and shanghai, providing vibrant business community and flexible office space to over 10,000 entrepreneurs. tenants of soho 3q come from various thriving industries, including it, education, finance, consulting, media and culture. in contrast to the weak performance of traditional office leasing market, soho 3q inspired us with robust growth momentum. as at the end of 2016, the average occupancy rate for soho 3q reached approximately 85%.
amid the rapid development of market and technology, the desire of people for beauty remains unchanged. with persistent adherence to the business principle of honesty, openness and fairness, soho china will continue to provide quality office spaces with beautiful architecture, clean environment, convenient facilities and efficient service to the whole society.
