chairmans statementdear shareholders, looking back on 2016, brexit, rampant terrorism, influx of refugees into europe, moderate tension at the korean peninsula, and new policies of the trump administration all cast some uncertainties onto this world. however, the commercialization of artificial intelligence, the momentum of vr and ar as well as the development of bio-pharmaceuticals together prompted some fresh aspirations onto our planet. in 2016, china continued to lead the development of global automotive industry with a robust growth rate of 15.5% in passenger vehicle production. also, selfdriving, new energy vehicles, internet-connected vehicles and car sharing helped to speed up the tremendous changes across the global automotive industry.
lets share what minth has achieved during the financial year ended 31 december 2016 (the review year) with a glance at the following encouraging figures: revenue amounted to approximately rmb9,399,992,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.8%; net profit amounted to approximately rmb1,719,141,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.2%; gross profit margin increased to 34.6% from 31.7% in 
new business orders reached approximately rmb4.4 billion, ensuring a sound development in the future; dividend payout ratio remained at 40% with a final dividend of hkd0.680 per share.
operation and layout
in order to achieve a sound development in the long run, during the review year, minth focused on the following aspects in relation to its operation: 1. further optimised global footprint and improved the operational and management capability of overseas factories, in order to respond to the global changes brought by the new policies of the trump administration; 2. achieved breakthrough in developing business with audi and volkswagen, and completed the initial stage of strategic layout for european customers and luxury 
3. strengthened economies of scale and internal improvement; focused on the enhancement of the operation and management of aluminum products and paid attention to the improvement of overseas operational results; realized a fast recovery in gross profit margin; 4. promoted automation and set up intelligent equipment business unit to initiate a reform of manufacturing model in its factories across the world; 5. established strategic partnership with haartz, fujitsu, clean wave to develop new materials, automotive electronics, electric motors; in order to build a long term development strategy for new products; 6. emphasized and promoted the building of talent pool and the nurturing of talented staff; outlining a blueprint for globalized management framework system.

looking forward to 2017, minth will carry forward its glory and maintain a solid and healthy growth and development. first of all, chinas passenger vehicle industry is still expected to maintain a sound growth rate of 5% to 8%. similarly, the global automotive industry will still enjoy stable growth. we are confident that with new business awarded from previous years, minth will maintain a tremendous growth. additionally, despite the continued pricing pressure from oems and the increase in commodity prices, minth is capable of maintaining its gross profit margin fairly well as a result of the rising proportion of aluminum products in revenue and the improvement in the operational results in overseas factories. moreover, while we strive for more orders, we will further optimise our global presence, realize intelligent manufacturing and achieve an upgrade to our manufacturing model by leveraging our global customer base. besides, we will pay more attention to changes across the automotive industry; invest in auto-parts featuring lightweight, intelligence and electric vehicle application, with an aim to build up a long term product development platform for minth. meanwhile, we will keep nurturing the global talent pool for minth and establish a global management and control system so that we will truly become one of the top 100 enterprises in the global auto-parts industry.
globalization, self-driving, new energy vehicles, internetconnected vehicles and car sharing will become the trending key words in the global automotive industry. amid these momentous changes, minth will endeavor to grasp the development opportunities to make automobiles lighter, prettier and more 
let's join hands to forge ahead with our intelligence put into 
on behalf of the board, i would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contributions to the group during the review year, and i would also like to thank all shareholders for their trust 
shi jian hui

21 march 2017 