on behalf of the board of directors (the board), i hereby present the annual results of kuangchi science limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 december 2015.
2015 was a critical year for the company as it successfully leaped into achieving substantive progress. in our in-depth space business, the completion of research and development, test launch, commercial testing, sales and delivery of our disruptive products signifies the business has fully moved forward towards commercialisation. the group achieved a turnaround from loss. revenue was hk$354 million, representing an increase of 345% from that of last year. the group also generated profit before tax of hk$9,777,000, compared to the loss before tax recorded last year. i am truly proud of all members of the group.
leveraging on our innovative technologies and strong capability in research and development, we have launched a series of in-depth space products for different altitudes. they include the cloud, a high-altitude aerial platform for smart cities; the traveller, the first civil near space flying apparatus in the peoples republic of china (the prc); the manned version of the traveller, a flying apparatus for space tourism; the kuangchi martin jetpack, the first personal flying vehicle in the world; the solar ship, a solar-powered platform for low-altitude transportation; and the u-1, a flying apparatus levitated in space. in-depth space means levitating everything from the ground to reconstruct the world in a multi-dimensional space, in an attempt to continually expand the living space for human beings. with the existing space, we have intensified our efforts in in-depth developments and devised our plan to tap further into and integrate with various industries and sectors, such as indepth space + smart city, in-depth space + surveillance, in-depth space + logistics, in-depth space + certification, and in-depth space + transport and tourism. i deeply believe that our disruptive innovative products will be widely used throughout the world along with their accelerating commercialisation.
moreover, we have made significant breakthroughs in a number of product technologies and we have put our kuangchi technologies into mass production from zero. as innovation is what we embrace, we have set up several kuangchi innovation platforms including the first prc national key laboratory specialising in metamaterials, the national technical committee on electromagnetic metamaterial technology and product standardisation, and the kuangchi postdoctoral workstation. since 2011, kuangchi research institute has implemented its patent strategy. to date, we together with our parent group have a pool of nearly 3,000 kuangchi patents awarded for our innovative technologies that are characterised by metamaterial technology.
we engage high-calibre elites. we foster every kuangchi member to become an innovator and a dreamer. we encourage our kuangchi venture team to pursue their passion and dream of innovation, so as to motivate our kuangchi members to step forward and spare no effort to research and development and innovation.
human resources is fundamental to innovation and we are changing the innovation of the world after the evolution over more than one million years, we, as humans, now possess a more complicated brain and improved thinking skills. and we keep evolving physically through intellectual endeavours. we adapt our livings under varying temperatures and environments with clothing, air-conditioning and constructions; we ride on vehicles, trains, airplanes and ships to spur across the ground, the sky and the ocean; we have become the legendary thousand mile eye and distant hearing with our mobile phones, hand-held smart devices and laptops; and we manage to have superb brain functions and obtain unlimited knowledge through computers, internet and cloud platforms. what we presently enjoy are the fruitful results achieved by our ancestors. the inventions and creations of our predecessors empower people to become a group that no specie can rival. thus, we are in strong confidence that our inventions and creations will also lead to the next boom and bring the next generation for all mankind.
nobody can change the past but anybody can plan for the future. we see a better future ahead with our profound expertise in technology innovation. it is the forecast of kuangchi that in-depth space, spiritual machines and ultimate connection will become the three elements of the matrix. this is what we plan for the future. this is the bright future we bring to everyone through innovation with our wisdom and forces. we are the future planner and dream maker! creating kuangchi community of global innovation to bring future to the present we live in a great era when knowledge is highly integrated; disruptive innovation booms; people has the ability to change through technology innovation for a better future; and it is driven by internet big data intelligence. in this great era, we have teamed up with the most visionary and knowledgeable innovators in the world, to establish a disruptive innovative ecosystem, namely the kuangchi community of global innovation. currently, the community of global innovation has extended its coverage across the world and it strives to develop as a new organisation that initiates revolutionary breakthroughs, and plays a role of an innovation community that plans, realises and shares the future. we seek to achieve revolutionary breakthroughs under the approach of open and collaborative innovation. we inspire and support innovators to realise their common dreams with our enthusiasm in the pursuit of one world, one family. we identify and nurture heroic innovators who are competent to become the world pioneers.
we are in the progress of unprecedented exploration and we are experiencing meaningful time. our team of innovators is diligently committed to change the world through innovation and paying continuous efforts to bring future to the present! dr. liu ruopeng

hong kong, 31 march 2016 