despite difficult market conditions and market volatility during the course of the year, our overall performance was relatively stable, with profit attributable to shareholders down by 2.9% to hk$1,892 million for the year. both our banking and insurance businesses delivered respectable profit performance, with the banking groups attributable profit down by 2.5% for the year, and the insurance groups profit down by 9.5%. as we had contracted to sell our life assurance businesses in hong kong and macau on 2 june 2016, the results of these businesses are included under discontinued operations in our 
our banking groups capital position continued to strengthen from internal capital generation and also an issue of a tier 2 subordinated debt by dah sing banks (dsb) in late 2016, with dsbs consolidated capital adequacy ratio reaching 18.3%, and common equity tier 1 (cet1) capital ratio increasing to 12.7% as at 31 
during the course of the year, the performance of the bank was relatively stable overall. net interest income grew strongly, mainly as a result of lower funding costs during the year, whilst fee and commission income were down. our core retail banking business performed relatively well, although our commercial banking business suffered from relatively slow growth, as well as some increase in credit cost during the course of the year. our treasury business also slowed, mainly due to a lower demand from customers for fx and related products, largely relating to rmb, due to the continuing depreciation of the currency. our macau business showed some growth, whilst our china subsidiary recorded better performance, mainly due to lower credit costs during the year. the performance of our associate company, bank of chongqing, was also encouraging, posting a solid growth in the year. its contribution to our earnings in 2016 however dropped slightly, as our interest in bank of chongqing was diluted from approximately 17.0% to 14.7% at the end of 2015.insurance business even though the results of our insurance business were below those in 2015, with net profit down by 9.5% to hk$294 million for the year, overall they were still considered satisfactory in a year in which markets remained volatile. whilst the overall growth in the new business of our life business was modest in the year, bancassurance sales were up by 8.2% compared with the prior year. in the second half of the year, higher interest rates resulted in a release in our actuarial reserves, although this was offset to some extent by lower 
we contracted to sell our life assurance businesses in hong kong and macau on 2 june 2016, and therefore the results of these businesses are included under discontinued operations in our results announcement. the sale process remains ongoing, and we will make further announcements as and when appropriate.
capital and regulation
in november 2016, dsb issued us$250 million of tier 2 subordinated debt, in advance of the call of its prior issues of s$225 million of lower tier 2 subordinated debt and us$55 million of upper tier 2 subordinated debt for redemption in february 2017. together with the build-up of cet1 through earnings retention, this resulted in capital levels as at 31 december 2016 that were substantially higher than the prior year, at 18.3% overall, with cet1 at 12.7%. it should however be noted that the subsequent call of the two subordinated debt issues referred to above has lowered the overall capital ratio on a pro forma basis by 72 basis points. we continued to comply with the liquidity maintenance ratio (lmr), with dsbs average consolidated lmr maintained at 42% during the year, well above the regulatory minimum level of 25%. we believe that our capital and liquidity ratios are maintained at levels within the market range for both peer banks in hong kong, and indeed for banks internationally.
changes of the board during the year
on 23 august 2016, mr. takashi morimura resigned as a nonexecutive director and mr. eiichi yoshikawa ceased to act as an alternate director to mr. takashi morimura. on the same date, mr.
eiichi yoshikawa was re-designated as a non-executive director and mr. hidekazu horikoshi was appointed as an alternate director to mr. eiichi yoshikawa. the brief biographical details of mr. eiichi yoshikawa and mr. hidekazu horikoshi are set out in the section headed directors and senior managements profile in this annual 
the board extends a warm welcome to mr. yoshikawa and mr.
horikoshi for joining the board, and expresses its sincere appreciation to mr. morimura for his valuable effort and contributions to the board during his tenure of service with the company.future prospects the outlook for 2017 remains uncertain. whilst the us economy continues to recover, and the mainland china economy is likely to grow at a rate above 6% with steadier progress and more balanced development, there are uncertainties over the direction of global trade agreements, and a number of key elections in europe, in addition to the continuing brexit negotiations. at present, it seems that the most likely outlook for the markets and businesses in which we operate is one of relative stability. it is expected that us interest rates will rise, in line with us economic recovery, and whilst in the medium term that should be positive for banks, it is possible that there will be some shorter term margin pressure, as funding costs move upwards. with potential interest rate and currency volatility, there is also the risk that local market liquidity conditions, which have been generally benign for some time, could change.
in hong kong, economic growth is forecast to continue to be moderate, although perhaps improving slightly, and unemployment is forecast to remain low, which is generally positive for credit quality.
the outlook for the housing market is more uncertain, with current high levels of both prices and demand balanced by likely mortgage rate hikes and increases in property supply. the stabilization of the mainland economy has led to more steady credit quality for our mainland subsidiary in the recent past, and macau looks set to continue on a recovering path.
we are therefore taking a balanced view towards the year. whilst we think that there will be some opportunities for growth in our key markets of hong kong, mainland china and macau, we also see both global and local risks ahead of us, as well as the likelihood that the volatile market conditions experienced over the past couple of years could continue. we therefore intend to attempt to take advantage of opportunities for growth that present themselves, whilst monitoring closely key market and economic developments so that the associated risks can be managed appropriately.
finally, i would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
david shou-yeh wong

hong kong, 22 march 2017 