2001 was a challenging year for the financial services industry, and for hong kong in general. deflation persisted throughout the year, and economic conditions remained weak. unemployment continued to rise, with an unemployment rate of 6.1% for the year, and per capita gdp fell by 1.2%. a series of interest rate cuts during the year, to historically low levels, had not revived the economy by the year end.
in these generally difficult circumstances, dah sing performed well in 2001. operating profit was hk$875.5 million, and earnings per share rose 7.0% from hk$3.29 to hk$3.52, and the dividend payment for the year increased by 3.7% to hk$1.12.
despite the difficult conditions prevailing in the market, dah sing is committed to its goals. our primary goal is to improve shareholder value, through teamwork amongst our staff and a high quality service to our customers. our strategy to achieve this goal is by concentrating on our core businesses of banking and insurance. it is our objective to grow and deepen the relationship with our customers through constant innovation and a dedication to the provision of high quality customer service, and the creation and maintenance of a service culture within our organisation.
we believe strongly in building a balanced business with a wide product range capable of generating sustained growth. risk management is an important part of this growth process and a culture of prudent risk management is important for us as a group. dah sing is also committed to continue contributing to the hong kong community.
on the broader economic front, chinas accession to the wto and beijings successful bid to host the 2008 olympic games will, we believe, be of benefit to hong kong in the years to come.
dah sing bank, limited
dah sing bank, limited (dsb), the major operating subsidiary of the group, achieved improved results, with an increase in profit on ordinary activities of 19.6%, to hk$1.022 billion.
dah sing bank, limited (continued) we continued to focus throughout the year on our core banking and treasury operations. we made progress during 2001, through increased receivable balances in credit cards and personal loans, as well as strong growth in fee income. we now have a 5% market share in the credit card business, and more than 600,000 customers in our personal banking 
increases in efficiency are also an important part of our strategy, and we will manage our business in a cost effective manner in this deflationary 
loan growth was slow in hong kong in 2001, and is not expected to recover dramatically in the first half of 2002. we had a good year in treasury in 2001, and expect to see a further contribution to our business this year. as we have become more active in our treasury business, we have also taken steps to improve and strengthen our risk management 
dah sing life assurance company limited
dah sing life assurance company limited (dsla), our wholly owned life assurance company, had a good year, with an increase in net profit generated from the long-term life assurance business of 4.0% to hk$90 million. this higher contribution was mainly achieved by improved sales and higher embedded value. investment performance was flat, with a strong bond investment return more than offset by the lower equity investment performance caused by the poor global equity market in 
as well as the increase in net profit, dsla also generated strong new business growth in 2001. whilst part of this growth was generated through its traditional agency force, the strongest driver of growth has been in sales through our bank branches.
we will continue to devote effort to the expansion of this business in 2002, both through continued efforts in conjunction with dsb, and through the life companys own agency force.
we also plan to increase our range of life and general insurance products, with investment-linked products coming on-stream in the second half of 
mevas bank limited
in april 2001, we launched the active business of mevas bank limited (mevas). mevas is a separate banking subsidiary of the group, with its own branding and value proposition. it is a pure consumer banking business, targeting the retail and middle income sectors and adopts multiple distribution channels including a 24-hour call centre, the internet and other automated channels, and a network of physical outlets.
mevas began its operations with an initiative to attract deposits, and continued the year with further campaigns on credit card and other personal banking products. by the end of the year these initiatives had been successful in attracting more than 20,000 customers to mevas.
board of directors
mr. yoshiaki kawamata succeeded mr. kimisuke fujimoto on 10th may 2001 as a non-executive director to represent the interests of the sanwa bank, limited. mr. gary wang was appointed an executive director of the group on 8th august 2001.
mr. ronald carstairs was appointed non-executive vice chairman of the group on 1st january 2002. mr. carstairs served as managing director of the group for ten years, and has been a major force in building the group into the organisation it is today. on behalf of the board, and all of my colleagues, i would like to express our deepest gratitude to mr. carstairs for his great efforts and contributions to the group.
board of directors (continued) mr. derek wong was appointed managing director of the group succeeding mr. carstairs, and dr. dennis tai-lun sun was appointed as an independent non-executive director on 1st january 2002.
mr. mahito kageyama succeeded mr. yoshiaki kawamata on 5th march 2002 as a non-executive director to represent the interests of ufj bank limited. ufj bank limited was formed following the merger of the sanwa bank, limited and the tokai bank, limited.
i would like to welcome messrs. wang, sun and kageyama to the board and i would like to express my gratitude to messrs. fujimoto and kawamata for their valuable contribution in the past.

2002 promises to be another very challenging year, both for hong kong and for the dah sing group. however we are cautiously optimistic on the outlook for the second half of the year, and wholly committed to our focus on generating value for our shareholders. our strategy is clearly defined, and will, we believe, bring benefits to shareholders in the years 
chinas wto accession, and the forthcoming olympic games in beijing in 2008 are both positive developments for the future.
we believe that the recent high-level discussions between the mainland of china and hong kong to forge a closer economic partnership arrangement (cepa) will be beneficial to both parties.
david shou-yeh wong

hong kong, 5th march 2002 