2016 was a year of adjustment for sihuan pharmaceutical, during which the group strengthened its internal control, consolidated its operational fundamentals and sought advances built on stability.
in 2016, the pharmaceutical market faced challenges brought about by regulatory adjustments. the control of medical expenses, reduction of the tendering prices, and the two-invoice system continued to put pressure on the industry. sihuan pharmaceutical faced extra pressure and challenges caused by competitors of its core product kelinao. despite that, the group adjusted its market strategies according to different changes and implemented them effectively. it consolidated its market fundamentals, maintained steady operations and achieved the operational goals it had set.
the group achieved revenue of rmb3,186 million, representing a growth of 0.6% compared to last year. net profit attributable to shareholders was rmb1,708 million, a reduction of 17.2% compared to 2015. excluding a oneoff investment gain, net profit grew 11.8% year-on-year.
according to ims health incorporated (ims), in 2016, sihuan pharmaceutical maintained its number one position in chinas ccv prescription drug market with a market share of 11.9% and ranked number four in the domestic hospital market in terms of hospital purchases, affirming sihuan pharmaceuticals concrete foundation and leading position in the prescription drug market.
in 2016, following the principle of solidifying our share of the high-end market while vigorously expanding in the low-end market, the groups sales and marketing department achieved marked results through careful planning and lean management. the sliding sales trend for the groups core products was effectively curbed, with the decrease for kelinao narrowed while oudimei rebounded. sales for other major products, such as yuanzhijiu, yeduojia and danshen chuanxiongqin injection, all re-entered positive territory or remained stable. all this contributed to the recovery of the groups annual results. in addition, the group reinforced the marketing and sales system, by enhancing the professionalism and marketing and sales capabilities of its sales staff. the group established departments of medical affairs, academic promotion and pharmacovigilance that centered around the marketing and sales management center. the group also introduced the smart (specific, measurable, achievable, realistic, and timed) marketing analytical system, in the hope of utilizing data analytics to pinpoint product market potential and targets, as well as resources allocation, and, in turn, achieves an efficient market development.
during the period, the group achieved encouraging progress in new drugs r&d. phase i clinical trials of innovative patent drug pirotinib ( ) in the u.s.a. and china progressed smoothly; imigliptin dihydrochloride ( ) obtained approval for phase iiiii clinical trials and commenced phase ii clinical trials. in addition, the group obtained approvals for phase i iiiii clinical trials of category 1.1 innovative patent drugs sirotinib ( ) and fadanafil (). to date, a total of eight category 1.1 innovative patent drugs of the group have obtained clinical trial approvals and entered various stages of clinical trials. good progress was also achieved in generic drugs r&d where the group received 47 clinical trial approvals, of which 35 were for category 3.1 new drugs. the group maintained an ever-growing new drug pipeline while its technology level kept reaching new heights. in 2016, the group received 13 national, provincial and municipal awards for its new drug r&d, demonstrating recognition of the groups r&d capabilities from government entities at all levels.
2016 was the year of advancing internal management. the groups production quality management center was implementing systematic production quality management in all production facilities of the group, thereby not only optimizing production management to ensure product quality, but also efficiently controlling the cost of the production system. the groups audit and compliance center successfully strengthened the groups internal control by conducting audits of financial managment and internal controls over its subsidiaries followed by rectification enforcement, making the groups management more normative and rigorous. in addition, the group engaged an advisory team of ernst & young (ernst & young) to help sihuan pharmaceutical complete the overall risk management project, and set up a systematic risk management system so that the risk management mechanism is normalized. in a word, the groups internal control achieved substantial progress and overall improvements in 2016.
since 2017, health reform in china has intensified. the governments control over excessive medical insurance expenditures are being strengthened. with the launch of the new medical reimbursement price system, the nationwide implementation of medicine mark-ups removal and the second bargain system, drug prices are bound to fall much. together with the implementation of the two-invoice system, the whole industry will face increasing pressure in 
pressure and opportunities always coexist. as it has been known to all, affected by the trend of aging population, accelerated urbanization, environmental pollution, and universal health coverage, the rigid demand in chinas pharmaceutical market keeps growing. according to data from ims, hospital medical purchases increased by 8.1% in 2016, representing an obvious rising trend compared with 2015, which shows that rigid demand of pharmaceutical market is still the impetus of the industrys development. besides, the continuous enhancement of industry barriers and strengthening of industry supervision will further stimulate industry consolidation, which will continue free up some market space and create some potential opportunities for enterprises to grow stronger.
we are confident we can lead all our staff to face challenges and seize opportunities. on the one hand, we shall take proper practical measures to solve the current problems and difficulties, and overcome the industry hurdles.
on the other hand, we will get ready to make strategic adjustments for longterm development. in 2017, we will continue our growth strategies of 2016, stick to the goals we have set, work hard and push forward business growth at a steady pace. at the same time, we will change our business ideas, explore new business models, and further accumulate and optimize business resources to seek new growth opportunities, and lay a solid foundation for long-term sustainable development. we firmly believe that following a relatively difficult period for the pharmaceutical industries, sihuan pharmaceutical will definitely win new growth opportunities and a broader development capacity.
we must say that sihuan pharmaceuticals development and success relies on shareholders understanding and support. sihuan pharmaceuticals steady development cannot exist without all the staffs dedication and unremitting efforts. i would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude for the support and understanding of all shareholders and the public, as well as for the dedication of the staff of sihuan pharmaceutical.
dr. che fengsheng
chairman of the board 28 march 2017 