i am pleased to report that 2016 was a year of progress for the company. during the period, rusal achieved robust earnings and continued to execute its growth strategy. this was accomplished despite the year being marked by a turbulent external environment and is a testament to rusals efficient business model, operational success and focus on our key priorities.
this focus on key strategic priorities meant that rusal was not only able to navigate a period of volatile prices, but was also able to strengthen the business so as to improve the foundations for the companys long term development.
rusals key priorities are described below: priority 1 - maintaining the companys position as one of the most efficient and lowest cost producers worldwide rusal continued to focus on operational efficiency and improvement at every level across the business from bauxite mining and aluminium smelting to logistics and our sales network.
these improvements had a positive impact on our business and helped us to achieve solid results. during the year, our cash cost per tonne decreased to usd1,333 and we reached adjusted ebitda of usd1,489 million with a healthy ebitda margin of 18.65%.
we will continue to implement the rusal business system which ensures that the most efficient production practices are closely followed.
priority 2: increasing sales of value added products (vap). further strengthening rusals position in key markets including europe, asia and the united states, further sales growth in its domestic market in 2016 rusal increased its sales of vap by impressive 7% yoy and made an important investment into vap in order to support its expansion.
at the sayanogorsk smelter, a project to produce 120,000 tonnes of alloys is nearing completion. at krasnoyarsk smelter, two largescale projects to produce billets and slabs are progressing to plan. during 2016, the company developed new types of vap products and improved the quality of some existing products.
our regional network expanded with the opening of offices in singapore and seoul. the russian market also ended the year on a high note. the recently adopted government program to boost demand for high added value aluminium products was supported by the efforts undertaken by the russian aluminium association, and the establishment of aluminium valley in siberia. in addition, an overall improvement in russias economic outlook indicates positive prospects for the winged metal in the region.
priority 3: focus on innovation and technological development a key breakthrough during the year was the launch of ultra-high power ra-550 cells with the best environmental and power indicators for these type of pots at our sayanogorsk smelter. technical solutions help to solve key global problems relating to increasing the amperage of ultra-high power cells. ra-550 is both a technical and engineering breakthrough and all at rusal are extremely proud of it. rusal made significant progress in producing scandium oxide extracted from red mud to produce aluminium-scandium alloys which have huge potential in the aerospace, transport and energy industries. lean-alloyed al-sc alloys have been developed and have already received orders from european customers in 2016.
priority 4: improving the existing capital structure: (1) further reducing financial debt; (2) stable payment of dividends in line with the approved dividend policy in april 2016, the company announced that it had made progress on its debt refinancing.
following the announcement, rusal completed the prepayment of debt to the amount of usd524 million. post the end of the reporting period, in february 2017 rusal completed its debut offering eurobonds with a principal amount of usd600 million and tenor of 5 years.
the success of this transaction is testament to rusals credit strength and its name recognition within the investor community which builds on its ipo several years ago.
in september 2016 the board of directors of the company approved an interim dividend to the aggregate amount of usd250 million (usd0.01645 per ordinary share) for the financial year ending 31 december 2016. the interim dividend was paid on 31 october 2016 obtaining prior consents from certain lenders of the company.
priority 5: responsible approach to use of natural resources and commitment to climate change goals rusal takes seriously its responsibility for addressing regional and global environmental issues and finding cutting edge approaches to solving such problems. all at rusal believe that the companys environmental protection activities are an inherent part of our business and we remain committed to further contributing to sustainable public development projects.
we continued to implement various projects across all our facilities so as to decrease our environmental footprint. the company is proud to have one of the lowest carbon footprints across the industry and we will continue pursuing our goal of moving towards 100% carbon free purchased power in our energy mix by 2020 for smelters in the russian federation.
finally, i would like to highlight rusals active role in addressing social challenges in the regions in which we operate. total charitable donations and investment into social programs reached usd13.8 million in fy2016. of particular note is the companys initiative to support the guinean government in the fight 
i would like to thank our shareholders, employees, board members and all stakeholders for their commitment and support over the year.
looking to the year ahead, global aluminium demand is expected to rise by 5.0% yoy with the aluminium deficit widening to 1.1 million tonnes. the outlook and prospects for the sector are therefore positive. thanks to the work undertaken by the company, we are very well positioned for the future and look to the year ahead with confidence.

chairman of the board 