in the past, despite gome having faced tough challenges, our tenacious people did not give up even at the most difficult time, through strategy refinement and resources re-allocation, we went back on track in 2013. through our concerted efforts, gome achieved growth and progress in various business aspects.
the rising popularity of internet applications and rapid growth of e-commerce has profoundly changed the home appliance retail market in the past two years.
in future, we will carefully consider and strive for the best to fully leverage and integrate our competitive advantages effectively, to ensure internet application is at the forefront of our operational philosophy, while making customers experience and sentiments a priority.
in 2013, we determined the multi-channel retailer strategy, continued to consolidate and strengthen our store network, while actively expanded the e-commerce channels to enhance the integration of gome s online and offline businesses. meanwhile, we executed the company s strategy by giving a new definition to the relationship between the three core indicators: sales revenue, gross profit and expenses.
today, with the advanced development of the internet, sale is defined as the full satisfaction of customers demands, while the broadening of a loyal customer base will create immense market potential for growth. following the above definition, gome operated its business based on customer demand in all aspects, which will serve as the core business model that differentiates us from the competitors in the future. the increase in gross profit will depend on our ability to manage product, gome s business has shifted gradually from contract management model to product management model.
overall gross profit margin is determined by the product mix, an optimal mix of product will achieve both low- price expected by customers and high-margin required by the company. as such, our merchandises must cover high, medium and low-end products so as to enrich our product line in order to increase overall competitiveness.
in addition, cost control reflects the company s internal management ability, the ability to operate at low cost will always be the core competency and always be gome s long-term sustainable management target.
an analysis of the current market environment shows gome s competitive strengths lie in its relatively comprehensive store network which supported by the standardized information system and the logistics platform, as well as the long established supply chain system. in 2013, gome unveiled the three-year development strategy of integrate resources, strategy at the forefront . with this strategy, we set our goal as an online and offline integrated multi-channel retailer which will be achieved in three years. this strategy emphasized the sharing of back-end resources (procurement, logistics network, after-sale service network, members and sap information system) to support a platform that sells both online and offline products. after putting the system into practice for over six months and reviewing the strategy over again, we believed that our strategy should be transformed from a self-supported system to an open strategy which is aligned with the modern era of internet. therefore, gome further upgraded its original strategy to become an open omni-channel retailer . an open omni-channel retailer will open its supply chain platform to the public.
this platform will not only meets the self-operation demands of the online and offline businesses, but also meets the demand from online + offline + mobile terminals + other social channels . moving forward, we will follow the blueprint jointly developed by the board of directors and the management to implement the strategy of becoming an open omni-channel retailer , with a view to creating greater shareholder values in the long run.
i would like to express my deepest respect and appreciation to all gome employees for their unstinting efforts and contributions to the group. i would also like to thank everyone in the community for supporting the group s development. we have always endeavored to serve the interests of shareholders, employees and customers, while pursuing the group s long-term sustainable development. i have full confidence in leading gome towards rapid and steady growth, to overcome all challenges and make gome the most valuable and competitive omni-channel retailer.
zhang da zhong we believed that our strategy should be transformed from a self-supported system to an open strategy which is aligned with the modern era of internet.
therefore, gome further upgraded its original strategy to become an open in 2014, the group will continue to increase its sales by stepping up its effort in network development and product enrichment. it will also focus on improving the supply chain, enhancing the store management as well as the operational capabilities of the stores in the second-tier market in order to provide stronger momentum for the group s stable and rapid network 