a letter from our chairman 
amid challenging market conditions in 2016, li & fung continued to execute our strategies of simplifying the business, strengthening the balance sheet and focusing on organic growth.
these strategies and efforts reflect our belief in nurturing long-term sustainable growth for 
2016 marked the 110th anniversary for li & fung. decade after decade, we have gone through numerous political, business and economic cycles; whereby we maintain our leadership position in global supply chain management for consumer goods. at li & fung, we operate on a threeyear framework. we will be starting a new three-year plan in 2017. every three years, we start our plan on a zero base and fundamentally question our existing practices and reinvent ourselves in response to internal and external changes, and formulate innovative strategies to help our customers navigate the present dramatic changes in the major consumer markets.
on global trade
we are facing a unique period of geopolitical uncertainties which may lead to significant impact on global trade. for instance, the brexit vote will likely pose challenges for europe and countries trading with europe. similarly, the protectionist stance promoted by the new us president is likely to trigger reverberating consequences to trade with america. together with the us withdrawal from the trans-pacific partnership (tpp), potential amendments to the north america free trade agreement (nafta) and the proposal for a border tax on imports, all will have a material impact on global trade flows. brands and retailers will need to reconsider the economics of their entire supply chains amidst greater complexities and uncertainties in the sourcing landscape. with li & fungs vast experience, expertise and unrivaled global network, we are well-positioned to help our customers steer and transition through these volatile times.
on a brighter note, we also saw the recent ratification of world trade organizations trade facilitation agreement. this multilateral trading agreement is expected to boost global trade as the trade process becomes more transparent, streamlined, predictable and less discriminatory.
the importexport process will be shortened as a result, saving time in the supply chain which is in need of shorter order cycles. with china continuing its investment in the one-belt-oneroad initiative and its push for advancing further trade deals in the apec region, we expect the relevance and advantages of the current production countries to be sustained for some time, even if cross-border trade is affected by global political dynamics.
while some of these situations are alarming, they also present opportunities for li & fung, as historically we always thrived when the sourcing landscape becomes more complex. at testing times like these, our breadth and depth of experience in global supply chain management, together with our extensive global network of vendors, both in competitive developing markets and inside importing countries, are particularly valuable.

over the past few years, the retail market has been adjusting to a sea change of disruptions, including the advent of e-commerce and the development of omni-channel strategies by brickand-mortar retailers. we believe these developments are positive for the retail industry as ways to service internet-enabled consumers become more varied. at li & fung, we are exposed to an array of exciting opportunities from new players and channels in the retail space. our trading business is increasingly developing and sourcing private label collections for online retailers who recognize the need for product differentiation in order to stay competitive, while our logistics business has seen tremendous growth in its service offerings in the e-logistics business in asia.
on the one hand, even as the retail marketplace becomes highly digitalized, the global supply chains servicing that marketplace remain fundamentally analog. we have been rapidly digitizing and transforming our supply chains to synchronize with this digitized consumer space where speed, ability to iterate, transparency and traceability are key. in the previous three-year plan, li & fung has been experimenting with and rolling out technologies that digitize and enhance our supply chains, such as rfid tags that trace individual pieces of products, gps-enabled quality control coordination, virtual sampling, online product costing, product lifecycle management platforms and digitization of raw material libraries. in the coming three-year plan, our vision is to create a digital platform that will connect these activities along the entire supply chain to maximize efficiency, greatly improve response speed, and provide end-to-end visibility for our customers.
on our three-year plan in doing so, we will become a global end-to-end supply chain solutions provider, which can enhance speed, innovation and digitalization along the chain. this vision is at the heart of our new three-year plan for 2017-2019. the consumer space is still rapidly changing and evolving.
as a leading orchestrator in the global supply chain, we are in the best position to transform analog supply chains to digitalized ones, in order to serve the digitalized consumer space. in our sourcing services business, we will continue to focus on the development of value-adding supply chain services, which will be an extension of the suite of services that was successfully launched under vendor support services (vss). we envision this to be a complete transformation of our core supply chain business. on our product-based principal business, our focus will remain on the key product verticals with deep product expertise to supply innovative and technologicallyadvanced products to our customers. to enable an intense focus on these two arenas, one offering supply chain services and the other marketing and selling of products, our group ceo, spencer fung, will primarily focus on building a digitized state-of-the-art services organization while i will personally take charge of reinventing the products side of the business. through this reorganization, we will transform our core business with a new focus on global supply chain solutions of the future. this new direction is aligned with our new three-year plan objectives of speed, innovation and digitalization, allowing us to further drive value creation in our customers 
on our prospects our expectations for 2017 continue to be conservative. while the us and european economies are recovering, the global macro situation is becoming more complex and uncertain as a result of ongoing geopolitical tensions. the impact of brexit on li & fungs business is uncertain and is likely to be felt over the next few years. outlook for the us remains clouded by the possible decisions of the new us government, with potentially extensive and long-term impacts on the us economy and global trade. any imposition of trade restrictions, such as countervailing tariffs or new border-based import taxes, will require urgent re-examination of the supply chain economics for our us customers along with the probable need to alter their sourcing strategies andor production countries, including potentially production back onshore in the us. however, for product categories such as apparel and footwear, we do not foresee significant decanting of production from asia in the short term due to the lack of appropriate labor, production expertise and raw materials in the us. we believe the costs of such trade restrictions, if enacted, will eventually be transferred to consumers who will likely bear the consequences of higher prices. on a more positive note, the deflation of input prices is anticipated to flatten, providing some support to our agency revenue. global freight rates are expected to gradually recover, benefitting our logistics business, while the demand for e-logistics services will continue to increase on the back of growing e-commerce activities.
li & fung will continue to focus on building a sustainable business which can ride through various business cycles. we will continue to develop deep product expertise through our existing product verticals, while incubating others with good potential. these product verticals have achieved strong growth in 2016, and we expect them to continue to do so in the coming years. our logistics business will continue its geographical expansion and customer acquisition to deliver robust growth momentum, continuing so by taking market share. our stringent cost control initiatives in every part of the business will continue in 2017 and are expected to drive further efficiency and productivity across the organization.
i would like to extend my gratitude to our colleagues for their contribution and hard work over the past year, and for their commitment to the long-term success of li & fung.
we will transform our core business with a focus on global supply chains for the future.
we are in the best position to 
supply chains to 
william fung kwok lun

