asm pacific technology limited and its subsidiaries (the group or asmpt) reported a revenue of hk$14.25 billion (us$1.84 billion) in the fiscal year ended 31 december 2016, which was 9.8% higher than the revenue of hk$12.98 billion (us$1.67 billion) in the previous year.
the groups consolidated profit after taxation for the year is hk$1.44 billion which is an increase of 50.9% from the previous years net profit of hk$952.9 million.
basic earnings per share (eps) for the year amounted to hk$3.61 (2015: hk$2.38).

we continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. after considering the groups short term needs and our cash on hand, the board of directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of hk$1.10 (2015: final dividend of hk$0.40) per share. together with the interim dividend of hk$0.80 (2015: hk$1.00) per share paid in august 2016, the total dividend payment for year 2016 will be hk$1.90 (2015: hk$1.40) per share.
a stellar performance for 2016 
the group has performed well in 2016. despite the continued uncertainty and volatility in the global economies, group revenue grew 9.8% year-on-year to us$1.84 billion, setting a new record in annual revenue.
by business segments, both back-end equipment and materials segments achieved year-on-year revenue growth while smt solutions segment suffered a small year-on-year revenue contraction.
the strong performance achieved by the group was attributed primarily to the strong demand for cmos imaging sensor (cis) and led equipment. significant demand for cis is driven mainly by the mobile phone suppliers who are now very focused in providing new- generation smartphones to the market that come equipped with better features and capabilities. likewise, the led general lighting and display panels are also generating a substantial impact on the led market, thus making it as one of the leading growth drivers. towards the second half of last year, we also witnessed the recovery of the semiconductor ic and discrete market, as well as a higher demand for smt equipment.
the group ended the year on a high note with an unusual quarter-on-quarter booking growth. this upward movement in booking was beyond the groups expectation at the beginning of the quarter. in fact, the groups billing and booking for the fourth quarter in 2016 was the highest that the group had ever achieved for the last quarter of a year.
during the fourth quarter of 2016, both back-end equipment and materials segment achieved double digit percentage quarter-on-quarter booking growth. out of the three pillars of the back-end equipment business, namely ic & discrete, optoelectronics and cis, the ic & discrete market showed the strongest booking momentum during the last quarter. in fact, the strong booking momentum has been extended to 2017 with customers in the cis market also making investment for the current year.
net profit for the group amounted to hk$1.44 billion in 2016, representing a surge of 50.9% over the preceding year. the gross margin of the group made an improvement of 126 bps to 37.6%. this is the highest the group has ever achieved for the past six years since the acquisition of the smt business. gross margin of the back-end equipment segment continues to grow as it improved over the preceding year to a five year high. our materials segment is the fourth largest global lead frames supplier. excluding the molded interconnect substrate (mis) business that the group acquired in q4 of 2015, gross margin of the materials segment also showed a good year-on-year improvement. as the mis business is still at its early stage of development, it has yet to make a positive contribution to the profitability of the materials 
group revenue for the second half of last year amounted to us$995.1 million, representing growth of 25.3% and 18.2% against the second half of 2015 and the preceding six months, respectively. group revenue for the fourth quarter of last year amounted to us$454.5 million, representing contractions of 16.1% compared to the preceding quarter and growth of 20.2% against the same period in 2015.
by geographical distribution, the top five markets for asmpt in 2016 were china inclusive of hong kong (54.6%), europe (15.7%), the americas (7.7%), malaysia (6.4%) and taiwan (4.2%). we continue to build our business on a diversified customer base with no single customer accounted for more than 10% of the groups revenue. the top 5 customers collectively contributed 18.8% of the groups sales revenue. out of 80% of the groups revenue came from 158 customers. out of the top 20 customers, 6 were from the smt solutions business and 3 were key customers for both the back-end and the smt solutions businesses. the top 20 customers of the group were from different market segments such as the worlds leading integrated device manufacturers (idms), tier-1 outsourced assembly and test (osat) companies, major osats in china, key led players, top electronics manufacturing services (ems) providers and automotive components suppliers.

last years new order bookings amounted to us$1.88 billion, representing a growth of 9.1% as compared to 2015. the book-to-bill ratio was at 1.02. backlog of the group amounted to us$423.4 million at end of 2016, representing growth of 8.9% over the previous year.
new order booking for the back-end equipment and the materials segment managed to achieve year-on- year growth as compared to the previous year, while booking for the smt solutions segment suffered a small 
by application markets, mobility, communications and it; optoelectronics and automotive are the largest market segments that the group served. its combined contributions to the groups revenue has grown from around 44% in 2015 to around 50% in 2016. power management and energy, industrial, and consumers are the other key market segments for the group.

deliver good results

back-end equipment segment
we believe once again we have outperformed the market.
revenue for the back-end equipment segment grew 23.0% last year to us$930.5 million, contributing 50.7% of the groups total revenue.
our back-end equipment segment continued to retain its number one position in the global market a position that we have first attained in 2002. in fact, over the past fifteen years, the group has only lost the number one ranking once in 2012. due to aggressive competition in the mobile phone industry, more and more smartphone suppliers are differentiating among themselves with more sophisticated cameras on mobile phones. as demand for high resolution and dual cameras increased, this has led to increasing demand for cis equipment. industry analysts had also reported that the penetration rate for rear-side dual camera smartphone was only around 7% in 2016.
moving forward to the next few years, the penetration rate is expected to go up to around 30% by 2020. if such a projection is accurate, this will mean a continuous strong demand for cis equipment in the next few years.
furthermore, we also noticed that some customers are working on additional features to have dual cameras for both the front and the rear sides of the mobile phones. if this trend takes off which we believe it will, this means that the demand for cis equipment will further escalate.
the group believes that demand for cis equipment will go beyond the smartphone market. more cameras have been deployed in automobiles not only to enhance user experience but also to support the advanced driver assistance systems (adas). 3d sensing is another user for cis technology. one of the applications for 3d sensing is augmented reality (ar), which the group anticipates will go beyond gaming and could penetrate into many other aspects of human life. the group also believes that cis will remain as one of the key pillars for the groups back-end equipment business for a long period of time.
the other key pillar of the groups back-end equipment business is the led market. driven by the growth in led general lighting and display panels, we experienced strong demand for led equipment in 2016.
concurrently, the group is making good progress in the advanced packaging technology market. with our unparalleled product portfolio offered by both the back- end equipment and smt solutions segments, the group managed to engage many lead customers in the development of wafer level fan-in (wlfi), wafer level fan-out (wlfo) and panel level fan-out (plfo) packages. we expect contributions from this business to gradually grow, and to join ic & discrete, led and cis to become the next pillar of our back-end equipment 
the group also made good progress in other smaller businesses in 2016. these include the laser dicing equipment business, the automatic optical inspection (aoi) business and the solar wafer inspection business.
though their contributions to the groups back-end equipment business are still relatively small, they achieved impressive growth rate of close to or exceeding 100% as compared to the previous year.
revenue of the back-end equipment segment amounted to us$510.6 million and us$223.4 million for the second half and the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. new bookings for the back-end equipment segment last year grew by 19.2% as compared to 2015.
always place customers
needs as no. 1 
back-end equipment segment (continued) profitability of our back-end equipment business continued to improve last year. gross margin of this segment made an improvement to 43.4% last year, a five years high since 2011. profits of the back-end equipment segment surged 111.8% as compared to the previous 
the groups strategies of building a more flexible workforce and increasing level of external manufacturing have helped to make impactful contribution to the 
the relocation of the factory from yantian, shenzhen to longgang, shenzhen has been completed late last year with a total of 710 employees having left the company.
part of the vacancies will be filled up with new hires while the rest will be taken up by increasing the external manufacturing activities. the group believes that this consolidation will help to improve the efficiency and logistics operation of the group in shenzhen.

last year, revenue of our materials segment amounted to us$241.2 million, representing 9.2% growth from the year before. our etched lead frame business not only experienced strong revenue growth over the previous year, but also achieved a new revenue record. materials segment contributed 13.1% of the groups total revenue 
revenue of the materials segment amounted to us$124.3 million and us$60.6 million for the second half and the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. new bookings for materials segment last year grew by 16.3% as compared 
with our continuous cost reduction effort and strong focus on offering higher-added value services and higher margin products to the market, profitability of our materials segment continued to improve last year. profits of materials segment grew 20.6% over the previous year.
the group has invested in the mis business since the fourth quarter of 2015. as the business is still in an early stage of development, it has yet to make a positive contribution to the profitability of the materials segment.
excluding the mis business, gross margin of the materials segment improved year-on-year and segment profits would have achieved improvement of over 50%.
despite the investment in mis having temporarily brought down the financial performance of the materials segment, the group remains committed to grow the mis business.
by combining mis and the groups equipment portfolio in advanced packaging, the group is in a unique position to offer customers a total solution in their pursuit of advanced packaging technologies. furthermore, the group believes that the mis business will significantly lift the gross margin of the materials segment to a much higher level once this business starts to turnaround.

smt solutions segment
last year, revenue of our smt solutions segment contracted slightly by 4.4% to us$664.5 million. the smt solutions segment contributed 36.2% of the groups 
as compared to the preceding six months, gross margin of the smt solutions segment made an improvement of 3.2% during the second half of last year. the smt solutions segment achieved segment result margin of 11.2% last year.
our smt solutions segment continues to focus on offering to the market solutions of higher placement accuracy and speed. with the trend of integrating more advanced features into limited space, we notice that customers are adopting more tiny components such as 0402 (component size of 0.4 mm x 0.2 mm), pcbs with finer traces and more system in packages (sips) in their design, which we believe work in the groups favor. over the past two years, the smt solutions segment made good progress in addressing the advanced packages market. with the comprehensive suite of innovative solutions, we are able to positively engage various lead customers in the development of wafer level and panel level fan-out packages.
revenue of the smt solutions segment amounted to us$360.2 million and us$170.5 million for the second half and the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. new bookings for the smt solutions segment last year contracted 4.3% as compared to 2015.
last year, we have successfully combined the printing and placement divisions into one unit. by tapping on each others competence, we are able to introduce new solutions to the market at a faster pace. also, with the synergies formed, we expect operation costs to be further reduced. our new facility in singapore has been completed while the setup of malaysias new manufacturing facilities for the smt solutions products is progressing on track. our goal is to fulfill deliveries for our customers in asia from both the singapore and malaysia factories. we believe that it will not only further lower our production cost but also helps to reduce carbon emission as around 50% of our customers for smt solution segment are located in asia.
2016 marked a memorable year for the group as the smt solutions segments factory in munich was awarded the factory of the year 2016 in recognition for its exceptional flexibility in production by the produktion magazine, one of the most prestigious german publications, and consultancy a.t. kearney. past winners include siemens, volkswagen, robert bosch, to name a 
inspire talents around the
world to deliver innovative

liquidity and financial resources
cash and bank deposits as of 31 december 2016 increased by 41.1% to hk$3.21 billion (2015: hk$2.28 billion). during 2016, hk$486.7 million was paid as dividends (2015: hk$925.8 million). capital addition during the period amounted to hk$425.4 million (2015: hk$564.6 million), which was funded by the years depreciation and amortization of hk$ 440.4 million (2015: hk$419.8 million). accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. day sales outstanding has decreased to 91.0 days (2015: 102.1 days) as a result of improved 
as of 31 december 2016, the current ratio was 1.91, with a debt-equity ratio of 26.9% (debts include all bank borrowings and convertible bonds). the group had available banking facilities of hk$1.68 billion (us$216.8 million) in the form of bank loans and overdraft facilities, out of which hk$310.2 million (us$40.0 million) was committed facilities. as of 31 december 2016, the group had bank borrowings of hk$193.9 million (us$25.0 million), all of which was utilization of committed facilities.
the groups shareholders funds increased to hk$9.02 billion as at 31 december 2016.
in terms of currency exposure, the majority of our sales were denominated in u.s. dollars, with the balance in euros and chinese renminbi. on the other hand, disbursements, in respect of operating expenses and purchases, were mainly in u.s. dollars, euros, hong kong and singapore dollars, malaysia ringgit, chinese renminbi, british pounds and japanese yen.
we continue to believe in returning excess cash to our shareholders through the payout of dividends. after considering our mid-to-short term needs and cash on hand, the board recommends a final dividend of hk$1.10 (2015: final dividend of hk$0.40) per share. the total dividend payout for 2016 is hk$1.90 per share (2015: hk$1.40), with a payout ratio of 52.9%. going forward, the group would like to pursue a dividend policy of paying out sustainable and gradually increasing dividends.

asmpt recognizes human resources as one of the groups most important assets. the group strongly believes in hiring the right talents, nurturing and retaining them.
besides offering competitive remuneration packages, asmpt placed great emphasis to provide extensive training programmes and a positive and dynamic working environment. salary review is conducted on a yearly basis and in addition to salary payments, the group also provides other form of benefits including contributions to provident funds schemes, medical and training subsidies etc. discretionary bonus payout and incentives shares are also granted to eligible staff based on the groups financial results and staff individual performances.
as of 31 december 2016, total headcount for the group worldwide was approximately 14,400 people. of the total workforce, around 1,300 were based in hong kong, 8,800 in mainland china, 1,400 in singapore, 900 each in germany and malaysia, 400 in the united kingdom while the remaining were based in other parts of the world. a total of 1,572 headcounts were flexible workers including temporary or short-term contract employees and 
asmpt invests aggressively to build up its core competence and r&d capabilities. the series of successful acquisitions has helped asmpt brought in the right talents around the globe with capabilities and expertise. currently, asmpt has six r&d centers located in hong kong and chengdu (china), singapore, munich (germany), weymouth (united kingdom) and beuningen 
the total manpower costs for the group in 2016 were hk$3.96 billion, as compared with hk$3.86 billion in 2015.
invest ahead of

the market sentiments looked positive during the fourth quarter of last year and this was evidenced by the billings and bookings that set new records for the fourth quarter of a year.
we believe this strong momentum will continue and 2017 is likely to be a year of growth for the group. this is in line with the predictions from most industry analysts that both the semiconductor and the semiconductor packaging and assembly equipment (pae) industries will experience growth this year. we expect our strong performance will be highly driven by demand from the cis and the led businesses, and recovery of the ic and discrete market. moreover, 2017 being the 10th anniversary of the smartphone industry, many people expect this will trigger off a new round of investment cycle for the smartphone market, which we believe will be beneficial to our smt 
with the strong booking received in q4 as the confidence booster, we expect a strong year-on-year double digit percentage improvement in the groups billing during the first quarter of this year. as there are less working days in q1 due to the chinese new year holiday break, we expect group billing for the first quarter to show only a small sequential improvement over the preceding quarter.
for the group booking in q1, we expect it to improve sequentially and to demonstrate an even stronger double digit percentage growth on year-on-year basis. in fact, new order booking for the first two months of this year has already surpassed the booking in q1 last year.
however, we are also mindful that there are still some levels of macro-economic instability that might affect the global semiconductor and electronics industries. united states being the engine of the world economy and the recent change in its political leadership have brought about a certain degree of reservation to the world economy.
likewise, the economic effect of brexit may further challenge the situation and pose another uncertainty to the world market.
nevertheless, we believe that there are still many bright spots in our industry and in particular, for asmpt. in years to come, we expect automobiles, smart factories, smart cities, industry 4.0, internet of things (iot), healthcare, artificial intelligence (ai) and the desire for a greener environment will help to increase demand for semiconductor devices and electronics modules.
furthermore, the broad portfolio of new products that the group has developed will put us in the forefront position to gain market shares.

to summarize, the 2016 results delivered by asmpt have been encouraging. we have made good progress towards our strategic and financial goals. we believe in delivering the highest value and innovation solutions to our customers through products and solutions with advanced technologies and excellent quality. we stand ready to react swiftly to economic changes and technology demands by optimizing our manufacturing processes and enhancing our product portfolio. looking ahead, while we are confident of our growth potential for 2017, there are still areas we need to work on to improve value for all our stakeholders. for the group to continue to grow from strength to strength, we will continue to forge ahead with the next growth drivers. on behalf of the board, i would like to thank all our customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders for your tremendous support and contribution during the year.

2 march 2017 