on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of xiabuxiabu catering management (china) holdings co., ltd. (the company or xiabuxiabu), i am pleased to present the annual report of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016.
the motto of success of the company is high quality derives from persistent efforts and we believe in values as unity, pragmatism, integrity, diligence and creativity. we strive to improve the values and competitive strengths of the company and are determined to build the company as the leader of the casual restaurants in china.

in 2016, chinas catering service industry experienced a slow recovery, while encountering challenges from restructuring and upgrading and pressure for business model innovation. whilst we have been actively responding to such challenges, we are able to realize continuous growth in our operating results. for the year ended 31 december 2016, xiabuxiabu has achieved outstanding results in our key operational indicators.
in 2016, we opened a total of 112 new restaurants and our revenue increased to rmb2,758 million in 2016, representing a year-on year growth of 13.8% from 2015. net profit for 2016 attributable to owners of the company reached rmb368.0 million and after excluding the share based compensation expenses in relation to employee share options of rmb4.4 million, the adjusted net profit was approximately rmb372.5 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 38.0% compared to 2015. the adjusted net profit margin increased to 13.5% in 2016 compared to 11.1% in 
we believe that xiabuxiabu has been the undisputed leader of the hotpot industry. our persistence in innovating, improving our operating model, strengthening our competitive advantages through economies of scale and systematic management, gave us the leverage to enable us to provide continuous and stable returns to our shareholders.
new restaurant openings
leading us to the next phase of growth, we have set several new milestones and to start off we have steadily implemented our five-year expansion plan. we have expanded our business by further cultivating our current markets in beijing and northern china, as well as developing new markets. to ensure our success in expansion, we enhanced our restaurants development plan where we implemented an upgrade 2.0 model in many restaurants and continued to improve our inventory management. we also optimized our site selection standards and conducted extensive research prior to entering any new market. in addition, we have formed strategic alliances to collaborate with owners and developers of commercial real estate such as shopping malls. as of 31 december 2016, xiabuxiabu owned and operated 639 restaurants in 58 cities over 11 provinces and two autonomous regions as well as three centrally administered municipalities in china, of which 112 restaurants were opened in 2016.

we are continuously improving our service standard and efficiency, and in the meantime, enhancing our brand promotion by integrating our online and offline marketing channels. in addition, we constantly optimize our menu, regularly launch new menu items, update the dish combination and improve the restaurant environment to provide customers with better and a new dining experience. we also took various initiatives to increase our same store sales. in particular, we selectively upgraded existing restaurants to xiabuxiabu 2.0. as compared with the previous generation xiabuxiabu restaurants, xiabuxiabu 2.0 restaurants offer a more upscale yet relaxed dining atmosphere through refreshed urban restaurant design and decoration while maintaining high operational efficiency and quality service. we experienced sales growth for restaurants that have been upgraded to xiabuxiabu 2.0. furthermore, we continued to explore our takeout and delivery services branded xiabu fresh by collaborating with a number of leading online and mobile meal ordering and delivery platforms, including xiabus own delivery online portal which just launched in january 2017 and external o2o platforms such as baidu.com, meituan.com eleme.com and dianwoda.com. we believe the expansion of the delivery services branded xiabu fresh provides the customers with an easy and fast access to xiabuxiabus fresh ingredients and hotpot experiences as well as fully utilizes business hours beyond rush hours during lunch and dinner time to improve our operating results. as such, for the year ended 31 december 2016, despite a turbulent catering service market, we managed to achieve a revenue growth of 13.8% from last year.
introduction of coucou () we launched a mid- to high-end casual dining brand representing a novel and trend-setting business model to meet increasing demand of the customers for a more upscale casual dining experience. we established the coucou brand as a comprehensive resolution for friends, family and business gathering at urban commercial complexes. the coucou restaurants feature tasty and healthy fusion hotpot cuisine, which provide a distinguishing and unforgettable culinary experience to the customers. we also endeavor to deliver considerate and attentive service to the customers in coucou restaurants without interrupting their dining experience.
as such, we believe that we are able to offer an outstanding dining experience, comprising food, drinks, service and dining atmosphere, at coucou restaurants, and thus broadening our customer base to cover customers who prefer medium and high-end hotpot experience. as of 31 december 2016 and as of the date of this annual report, we operated two and four coucou restaurants in beijing, respectively.
formation of condiment joint venture

in october 2016, we agreed to establish xiabuxiabu (china) food holdings co., limited ( ) and its wholly-owned operating subsidiary in the prc (the condiment jv companies), for the research, development, production and sale of condiment products including soup bases, dipping sauces, seasoning sauces and products and various compound condiments, and products with giftwrapping and limited editions which target at mid- to high-end customers. as of the date of this annual report, the establishment of the joint venture structure has not yet been completed and it is currently expected that the establishment of the joint venture structure will be completed in the second quarter of 2017. in light of the time required for establishing the joint venture structure, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, have conducted the preresearch of the condiment products market and have successfully developed 11 condiment products, which are currently placed on trial sale in our restaurants, supermarkets and online platforms such as tmall and 
evidenced by the increase of the consumer price index, the increasing costs for food ingredients, labor and rent has become the major challenges faced by the catering service industry. in response, we constantly optimize our menu selection, strengthen our price bargaining power, leveraging our operational scale and strategically manage our stock, so as to efficiently control our cost for ingredients, which is far below the average procurement price in the industry. in the meantime, we strengthen our labor efficiency by adjusting staff structure, enhancing shifts management and improving flow in our restaurants. in 2016, we further enhance our procurement system and devise tailored cost control measures for different categories of supplies.
furthermore, we started to calculate and pay valueadded tax instead of business tax starting from 1 may 2016, which decreased our tax burden. in the meantime, we undertook various measures to increase the efficiency of our bill checking and tax reporting system, including the election to consolidate the income tax of the group and adoption of electronic invoices with quick response codes. in addition, we had restructured our organization structure and established an incentive remuneration system, which we believe will increase our organizational efficiency. all these efforts have laid solid foundation for our profit growth.

we stay grateful to the society for our success and continued to adhere to the philosophy of paying back to the society. in 2016, we supported certain targeted poverty relief project in guangchang county, jiangxi province whereby our donations have been used to fund the building of a cafeteria and purchasing necessary equipment at one of the school for less privileged children in the area. in 2016, we also donated to the taiwan earthquake relief donations in response to the damages caused by the earthquake in kaohsiung, taiwan in february 2016, and made donations to the red cross society of china for helping the less fortunate children. we also endeavor to environmental protection causes. for example, the company arranges for bus to take the colleagues to office to help reduce the carbon emissions, when we upgrade our restaurants we use induction cooker instead of gas stove, and used led lighting to actively reduce our carbon emission and electricity consumption. we also actively promote a sense of responsibilities for environmental protection among our employees by promoting energy and water saving and reducing the use of paper in our facilities. furthermore, we also purchased food ingredients of approximately rmb75 million from farmers and agricultural cooperatives under our farmto-table project, which has significantly improved the farmers income, guaranteed the quality and supply of vegetables and helped to suppress the increase of our food ingredients procurement costs.
outlook for 2017 2017 is the second year where we lay the groundwork to achieve our five-year plan, we endeavor to continue our outstanding performance and achieve more in the future. we will continue to innovate, optimize our platform and enhance our competitive strengths, to ensure the sustainable development of xiabuxiabu and coucou, by which we will be able to create greater value and returns to our customers, employees and 
additional growth drivers
based on our casual hotpot business, we endeavor to develop additional growth drivers, including xiabu fresh delivery business, coucou restaurants and the condiment products to be developed by the condiment jv companies. we plan to continue to customize and optimize our menu to suit our new development.
meanwhile, we will optimize our brand positioning and pricing strategies of the menu items in xiabuxiabu and coucou restaurants and the condiment products in response to the ever changing market conditions.
we expect to further extend the business hours of coucou and introduce new products to improve the sales density of restaurants. in addition, we will actively manage the distribution network of the condiment products to be developed by the condiment jv companies and proactively monitoring the retail price and preventing counterfeiting of our products. we plan to leverage on the strong recognition of our xiabuxiabu brand to further develop these additional business lines.
expansion of restaurant network
we will follow our five-year strategic plan to steadily expand our business. in 2017, we plan to open 100 new restaurants. we plan to consolidate our leading position and deepen our penetration in our existing markets. during the expansion, we will continue to focus on new markets research and create synergies among functions of our internal departments such as business development, sales and marketing and operations departments so as to ensure the success of new restaurants when we venture into mature and 
drive same-store growth
in addition to branding and promotion initiatives such as an enhanced visual and space identity system, we will accelerate our exploration on the xiabu fresh delivery business to fully utilize business hours during rush hours such as lunch and dinner time to improve our sales density. we endeavor to shorten the construction time for the xiabuxiabu 2.0 restaurant upgrade to improve our sales density. we will continue to collaborate with leading online and mobile meal ordering and delivery platforms to promote our xiabu fresh delivery business and we currently plan to extend such delivery business to 50 additional restaurants in 2017. to improve customer experience, we plan to improve the packaging and shorten the delivery time of xiabu fresh. in addition, we endeavor to enhance interactions with customer through customer relationship management (crm) program, which is expected to further increase customer loyalty and brand stickiness. we also plan to fully utilize our members and continue to increase the size of the members via attractive reward program and further rollout targeted marketing initiatives to fully leverage on big data.

we plan to continue to control our procurement cost while maintaining a stringent quality standard. we plan to further enhance our procurement system and design cost control measures tailored for different categories of supplies. as we launch new stores and expands our restaurant network, we plan to update our list of approved suppliers and deepen the cooperation with farmers and agricultural cooperatives to ensure sufficient supply of quality ingredients. we also plan to adjust our inventory strategy in accordance with market condition and constantly monitor our level of inventory. to control our staff costs, we intend to optimize restaurant layout, introduce new technologies and continuously improve operation management efficiency in response to the challenging labor market.
in addition, we intend to continue to strictly follow the tender procedures for the selection of suppliers for the construction and decoration of xiabuxiabu 2.0 restaurants to control the relevant costs. furthermore, we intend to enhance our brand value, strengthen strategic alliance with well-known real estate developers to effectively control rental expenses.
strengthen organization and human

in order to better understand the market, we will enhance our accountability system and encourage the proactivity of general managers of specific markets to take full responsibility for marketing and sales, restaurant openings and profit management in the respective local market. as to employee development, in addition to constantly implementing the management trainee project, we will continuously enhance our employee appraisal, training and promotion system as well as remuneration system, to ensure we remain competitive to attract talents.
maintain stringent food safety and

we are committed to enforcing food safety and quality, including the following aspects: (i) implement stringent food safety and quality control standards and measures throughout different aspects of our operations, including supply chain, logistics, food processing plants and restaurants; (ii) continue to enhance our centralized procurement system; (iii) cooperate exclusively with reputable and high-quality suppliers; (iv) eliminate intermediaries in the supply chain through direct delivery to restaurant from suppliers or our logistics centers; and (v) continue to enforce self-evaluation and stringent control on our food safety and quality control standards and measures.
in the past 18 years, xiabuxiabu has established the model featuring in high profits and fast duplication by successfully building up the systematic management model where we integrate procurement, delivery, operation and upgrade the information technology system for the group. despite the slightly-lagging market condition is expected to continue, xiabuxiabu is striving for excellence as well as making continuous innovations, so as to live up to the expectations of the shareholders and the society as a whole in the upcoming year. my sincere gratitude goes to the management team and all employees for their excellent work and contribution in the past year, to the support from the shareholders, business partners and all walks of life, and thank them for their confidence in xiabuxiabu. judging from xiabuxiabus development over the past 18 years, i am very optimistic about xiabuxiabus prospects in the future. we will continue to work hard to become a powerful leading brand in asias catering sector and a company that our employees are proud of, an enterprise that our shareholders trust and are willing to invest in, as well as an industry leader with the highest social values.

hong kong, 28 march 2017 