we are pleased to report that asm pacific technology limited and its subsidiaries (the group or asm) achieved turnover amounting to hk$1,560,227,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 december 2001, representing a decrease of 60.9% as compared with hk$3,989,130,000 for the previous year. the groups consolidated net profit after tax for the year is hk$231,246,000, which is also 78.6% less than the previous years net profit of hk$1,080,183,000. basic earnings per share for the year amounted to hk$0.61 (2000: hk$2.86).

an interim dividend of hk$0.36 (2000: hk$0.30) per share was paid in august 2001. having established a solid foundation in the microelectronics market, the group intends to further its organic growth path in the near term. with no short term need for major cash outlay and in view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the board of directors have decided to recommend a final dividend of hk$0.64 (2000: hk$0.85) per share payable on or around 23 april 2002, making a total payment of hk$1.00 (2000: hk$1.15) per share for the year ended 31 december 2001. this translates into a 62.3% dividend payout ratio for the combined 2000-2001 periods, and represents a prudent decision to return current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the group with the optimum shareholder fund.

in spite of the ongoing harsh business environment in the semi conductor industry, asm, alone among the leading players in its space, remained profitable in 2001 although with a reduced turnover of us$200 million. return on capital employed and on sales were 13.5% and 14.6% respectively. this was largely due to the solid foundation laid over the years by the diversification of our product and application markets, an efficient cost structure and successful introductions of new product lines. in 2001 sales attributable to our five largest customers combined were less than 30% of our total, evidence of our successful diversified market strategy.
still, 2001 was a difficult year for the electronics industry. every sector of its supply chain was deeply affected. started by the correction of excessive inventories amassed in year 2000, accelerated by the slowing world economy and the events on 11 september, the slowdown has become the fastest and steepest downturn in the history of the semiconductor industry. analysts estimate there was a 20% decline in ic unit volume and around 32% drop in revenue (sia, ic insights, vlsi research and wsts). capital investment, especially for ic assembly equipment, came to a screeching halt in the first quarter.
according to data published by our leading bonder competitors and seaj, their assembly equipment turnover dropped by more than 70% as compared with the previous year.
naturally asm was not immune to such a major industry fluctuation.
in 2001 we outperformed the assembly equipment industry leader in revenue change and surpassed their sales during the first quarter, but our equipment revenue which ranks 2nd in the world was still down by 63.5% as compared with the previous year. on hand order backlog, which stood at us$120 million at the beginning of the year, was reduced to just over us$20 million as of 31 december 2001, due to weak inflows and some cancellations during the year.
however, an industry slowdown represents the best window of opportunity to broaden our customer base and expand sales to existing customers with our new products. as happened during the 1998 slowdown, the soft period is giving asm the chance to cultivate new customers and gain market share. after many months of extensive field evaluations based on our ab339 eagle demonstration machines, we received initial orders from four new customers during the 4th quarter, based in taiwan, singapore and indonesia. the machines superior process capabilities, throughput and stability, as well as asms technical support, enabled us to capture these customers who use the ab339 eagle wire bonders for state-of-the-art 50-60 microns pad pitch 
indeed, reflecting customer satisfaction and market acceptance, our ab339 eagle gold wire bonder received the semiconductor international editors choice best products award in 2001 for the second time in its successive generation. we also received plaudits from other sources in addition to recognition by our industry and customers: the singapore government acknowledged asms past achievements and long term commitment to singapore by awarding us the prestigious manufacturing headquarters (mhq) status and its 
during the last year new products and new generation machines were launched according to schedule. we have delivered a number of machines to customers for performance evaluations, including the high speed, innovative ic die bonders capable of handling 300 mm and 200 mm wafers and the high precision, eutectic solder process bonders for flip chip in package applications. our unique small footprint integrated ball placement, reflow and cleaning system and a multi-site test handler were also shipped for customer benchmarking.
furthermore, the new generation idealine, based on the twin eagle and some advanced concepts, was sent for beta site testing. these exciting new products are expected to start generating revenue in 
while we made every effort to cut our operating costs last year including fixed costs like salary, fringes, rental and production headcount we made no compromise on our technology and product developments or our efforts at market penetration. r&d expenses, net of a hk$3.5 million singapore government research grant subsidy, amounted to hk$166.4 million, representing 13.4% of our equipment sales. capital investments, which cover r&d analytical tools and equipment, information systems and some prudent machinery purchases to enhance production capabilities, amounted to hk$153 million (20% below our previous plan). capital investment planned for 2002 is hk$150 million.
with the major change in our gold wire bonder production run rate from late year 2000 and for most of 2001, inventory turnover based on current year sales was less than desirable. fortunately this abrupt schedule change coincided with our transition to the new eagle wire bonder planned for the 4th quarter of 2000. with no obsolescence risk, these eagle related raw materials and work-in-process are expected to clear during 2002. even though we had to prepare materials for the pilot production of our new flip chip bonder, 300 mm ic die bonder and our integrated ball placement, reflow and cleaning system during the latter part of the year, our total inventory was reduced by 12% to hk$607 million at year-end. the enterprise resource planning (erp) software, which has been widely implemented within asm worldwide, has proved a valuable tool in streamlining our logistics and management information systems.
chairmans statement (continued) liquidity and financial resources
the groups shareholders funds decreased to hk$1,829,047,000 as at 31december 2001 (2000: hk$2,093,600,000). as there were no long term borrowing, gearing of the group was zero, the same as the 
although hk$459.5 million was paid as dividend and hk$153 million spent in capital investment during the twelve-month period, due to strong positive cash flow, cash on hand at 31december 2001 was slightly reduced to hk$478,487,000 (2000: hk$648,804,000). in fact, the majority of capital investments were funded by the current year depreciation of hk$151.8 million.
except for a jpy479 million loan raised in july 2001 to hedge against our yen-based assets exposure to currency fluctuation, with no other bank borrowing, this resulted in an all bank debt to equity ratio of only 1.6%. current ratio significantly improved to 4.39. receivables were tightly monitored during the year, resulting in 65 days sales outstanding (2000: 65 days).
the group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in us dollars. on the other hand, its disbursements were mainly in us dollar, hong kong dollar, singapore dollar and renminbi. the limited yen-based receivables were covered by some accounts payables in yen to japanese vendors and the hedging loan as stated above.

the group adopts a competitive remuneration package for its employees. aside from salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies. in addition, based on the groups financial results and individual performance, discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff. in general, salary review is conducted annually. the group is committed to continue its rigorous staff development and 
as at 31 december 2001, the total headcount of the group worldwide was approximately 5,000 people.

as reflected by several companies recently reported figures, rising utilisation of wafer foundries and sales of consumables, semiconductor assembly factories passed through their trough during the 4th quarter.
although overshadowed by the weak world economy, sia predicts the semiconductor industry will rebound slightly by 6% in 2002, followed by strong double-digit growth in the subsequent two years. electronic trend publication (etp) has projected integrated circuits (ic) output to rise by 10% in 2002, while packaging material revenue is expected to increase by 11% according to semi.
the assembly equipment market usually lags behind customers activities but leads the other semiconductor equipment sectors like wafer processing equipment by a few months. vlsi research forecasts it will experience a marginal gain of 1% in 2002, followed by a strong year in 2003 with 50% growth. most industry participants expect a slow first half and an increased uptake in business activities starting 
although we began the year with an eroded order backlog, asms management believes industry will continue to make investments related to enhanced technology such as finer pad pitch wire bonders to meet ever increasing die shrink requirements. in addition to technology buys, customers also need to invest in equipment to cope with new package types like qfn and flip chip. while the first few months should prove challenging times, with our diversified products, improved market position and a strong balance sheet, we believe asm will weather the long winter and come out of the slowdown better than 
in addition to having our customers testing our completely rejuvenated product portfolio, to maintain our leadership in fine pitch wire bonders we will introduce our enhanced version of the eagle wire bonder the eagle 60 by the end of the first quarter. featuring 15-20% productivity gain over current generation machine, the eagle 60 is expected to further ease looping control, off-line programming and portability demands. further development to achieve even better output per given floor space is in our roadmap, to ensure asm is well- positioned for the market upturn.
having participated in the photonics industry during the last three years with our laser diode die and wire bonders, asm has also made a commitment to develop an optical fibre alignment and welding machine capable of sub-micron accuracy. we anticipate the first prototype to be ready by end of this year, to further our penetration and support of this rising optical communication component industry.
our strategy of providing packaging development support to customers has produced dividends in the chip scale package area. apart from becoming the customers qfn leadframe supplier, this value-added service has enabled asm to open some doors for our other assembly equipment. we intend to capitalize on this strategy and beef up our packaging development team, providing further solutions to customers in the flip chip arena.
similarly, our factory automation solution helps to cement asms working relationship with customers. our closely integrated new product introductions also aid the forging of closer ties to strategic clients. to help customers make the best use of their capital investments, asm has committed r&d resources to develop equipment management software the idealnet as a management tool for customers to track equipment performance, gain remote access to information and diagnostic, as well as providing them with a vehicle to improve their machine overall equipment effectiveness (oee).
with additional r&d projects like equipment management software, flip chip packaging development and the optical fibre alignment machine, our r&d spending is expected to rise moderately. aside from leading edge products, asm can truly differentiate itself from its competitors in its total solution approach to customers business needs, a strategy that rivals cannot imitate easily.

after the meteoric rise in semiconductor industry growth in 2000, a correction was to be expected in 2001. asms strong performance in such adverse circumstances is a tribute not only to the prescience of our business strategies but also the resilience and dedication of our staff, to whom the board expresses its profound appreciation.
things will not be plain sailing in 2002, but we look forward with anticipation to seizing the opportunity to increase our market share as we did during the previous slowdown, and prepare ourselves to take advantage of the coming market recovery.
arthur h. del prado 
7 february 2002 