we are pleased to report that the asm pacific technology limited and its subsidiaries (the group or asm) achieved record turnover amounting to hk$3,989,130,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 december 2000, representing a 111% increase as compared with hk$1,890,869,000 for the previous year.
the groups net profit for the year was hk$1,080,183,000, which is more than 3.27 times the previous years net profit of hk$330,150,000. basic earnings per share for the year amounted to hk$2.86 (1999: hk$0.88).

an interim dividend of hk$0.30 (1999: hk$0.07) per share was paid in august 2000. the board of directors recommends a final dividend of hk$0.85 (1999: hk$0.28) per share payable on or around 24 april 2001, making a total payment of hk$1.15 (1999: hk$0.35) per share for the year ended 31 december 2000.

in fiscal 2000 asm achieved record turnover and surpassed the us$500 million milestone for the first time. revenue growth reached its highest level in the companys history, achieving a gain of 111%. sales increases came from all lines, in particular, our assembly equipment products that now account for over 85% of our total business. riding our market share gain in the last three years, our assembly equipment business rose by 129% to exceed us$437 million.
with this turnover, asm becomes the worlds second largest semiconductor assembly equipment manufacturer, breaks all companies previous years sales records in the assembly equipment industry and is second only to the industry leaders year 2000 revenue.
strong demands from the pc sector, reinforced by fastexpanding information appliance, internet infrastructure, telecommunication and consumer markets, meant the semiconductor industry once again experienced vigorous growth in year 2000. sia, dataquest, ic insights and vlsi research all projected a 37% increase to us$204 billion.
according to vlsi research, demands for semiconductor assembly equipment increased by over 80% during year 2000.
however, excess inventory at manufacturers and chip distributors caused a correction during the 4th quarter, resulting in a significant slowdown since then.
while other competitors faced difficulties during the last few months, our 2nd half billings exceeded that of the first by 6%.
in fact, we beat the assembly equipment industry leader by a wide margin in our 4th quarter sales. the main revenue contributors were our gold wire and die bonder businesses, achieving the second and third positions in the industry and representing over 70% of our equipment turnover.
one of asms main strengths is the differentiated structure of its client base: apart from a diversified product range, a healthy balance exists between integrated device manufacturers (idms) and packaging foundries (subcons); large, medium and small size customers, as well as geographical and application markets. last year our turnover grew in all territories, creating an even better balance. malaysia (23.1%), taiwan (17.9%), philippines (11.5%), thailand (9.6%) and korea (9.2%) represent the five largest geographical markets.
expanded sales led to significant operating leverage, resulting in improved gross and net margins. our unprecedented net profit was more than three times the previous year, generating an excellent return on capital employed of 65.9%. apart from funding our aggressive capital investments and repaying all debts, this outstanding financial performance contributed to strong liquidity, resulting in a current ratio of 1.92. order backlog at the end of the year exceeded us$120 million.
to cope with market demands and to keep our delivery lead-time acceptable to our customers, we took major steps in expanding our china factory, installed a large number of cnc machines and created two satellite plants near-by. the enlarged 600,000 sq.ft. facility should provide room for future expansion. our malaysian factory also began operation early in the year. now with 68 staff, it has become an integral support base for our singapore plant.
capital investments last year amounted to us$44.7 million, with most used to enlarge our production capacity, whilst the balance provided enhanced capabilities in r&d, analytical equipment, computer-aided design, manufacturing and engineering packages, as well as computer hardware and software to strengthen the companys information system and 
featuring 35m pad pitch capability, 20 - 30% productivity gain, improved bond quality, with enhanced impact force and loop profile control capabilities, our ab339 eagle gold wire bonder entered the mass production phase as planned in the 4th quarter. we have successfully converted our existing bonder customers, with our top three clients all taking deliveries of this new generation machine. concurrently, we shipped evaluation machines to a number of large potential customers, both idms and subcons. initial feedbacks from these benchmarking exercises are encouraging.
our idealine concept has been well received as a solution for factory automation, especially for those high-density matrix substrates. together with our process and packaging development support to customers, such unique value-added services differentiate asm from our competitors and foster closer ties with our clients.
we also made pleasing progress with strip-testing, integrated with other backend processes. several systems have been delivered to three factory locations and we captured some repeat orders. asm is currently the frontrunner in this sector, with proven capability and systems running production in 
with the supply chain inventory adjustment still on, end product demands not rising as rapidly as in the past and a slowing u.s. economy, industry analysts have trimmed their forecasts for the semiconductor industry to 5 - 7% growth for year 2001. installed capacity is continuing to come on stream and in view of slowing demands, most semiconductor companies have announced a reduction in capital expenditure spending, resulting in flat to 20% negative investment growth forecasts by various analysts. order inflow visibility for capacity related products is low for the coming months, due to the current under-loading situation for most customers.
it is likely that it will take a few more months for the current pessimism to clear.
however, asms management believes industry will continue to make investments related to enhanced technology like finer pad pitch wire bonder to meet the die shrink requirement, new chip-scale packaging challenge like qfn, and specific equipment to cope with the market demand of a package type.
as noted above, asms assembly equipment business is built on diversified products addressing different semiconductor assembly and packaging processes, serving wide application markets and strategically spread among idms and subcons, sizes and locations of customers. these stabilizing factors have dampened the industry fluctuations for asm in the past, and together with our significantly improved market position in the last three years, should be helpful in ensuring a more resilient asm that outperforms the industry.
furthermore, this temporary soft market has its opportunities, allowing us time to make a smoother transition to the high performance ab339 eagle wire bonder. it also permits potential customers to run evaluations, similar to 1998, giving asm the opportunity to gain market share.
naturally it is now prudent to control costs. however, we will also prepare ourselves sufficiently to meet the delivery challenge when the market rebounds strongly. with our strong balance sheet, while other competitors started to cut back, we intend to beef up our human resources to support customers in factory automation, process and packaging development, and speed up our technology and product development to both solidify and enhance our leading market position. capital investment of us$25 million is planned for the year.
important new products will also provide support for our aggressive marketing program. based on high performance control technology and linear motors, we are preparing a new generation ic die bonder capable of 200 and 300 mm.
diameter wafers, 30% higher throughput than current model, with improved placement accuracy and bondline thickness; it will be ready for market launch in mid-2001. similarly, after months of process and product development, our high performance, low cost flip chip bonder will be introduced during this year. to complete our modules for asms backend cluster, specifically for solder ball array packages, an integrated, small foot print ball placement, reflow and rinsing system is targeted for completion during 2001.
we have already provided technical support to customers in the qfn packaging development, designed and fabricated etched leadframes, solved their wire bonding problems, developed new processing modules (e.g. de-taping) and provided in-line automation solutions. our intention is to create strategic partnerships with customers to have their integrated circuits (ics) built on asm leadframes and manufacturing processes qualified with asm equipment.
the short-term market correction may prove to be asms golden opportunity to gain significant market share. we intend to capitalise on it and anticipate our shareholders will give us their full support.

last year was a truly outstanding year for asm. the huge revenue growth is a testament to the tremendous efforts put in by all our staff, who have met the challenge of ramping up our production so rapidly. the groups board gratefully acknowledges their dedication and diligence, and is confident that the solid achievements in year 2000 have laid the groundwork for future progress that will withstand market fluctuations.
arthur h. del prado 
12 february 2001 