i am pleased to present to you the annual report of gemdale properties and investment corporation limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016.

in 2016, due to the low interest rate and abundant liquidity, a strong boost in land market and real estate sales market was resulted.
during the year, the real estate recorded a historical high in price and sales volume, in particular the popular first and second tier cities. due to the overheating property market, the prc government adopted housing policies with the splits of levels of real estate market since the second half of 2016. it curbed the mortgage loans and property purchase in popular cities. on the other hand, it encouraged the destocking in third and fourth tier cities with high properties inventories. at the central economic work conference in december 2016, the prc government discussed the credit and money policies and destocking in real estate market. it emphasised the residential nature of housing and its support over reasonable demand for credit lines, as well as effective increase in land supply. various measures initiated by the prc government aimed at restraining unreasonable housing demand and cooling down the real estate market in popular cities.
business overview and outlook
riding on the boost in prc property market, the group managed to record historical high contracted sales of rmb20.15 billion, representing an increase of approximately 80% over last year.
sales revenue and profits attributable to shareholders also recorded historical high of approximately rmb8.71 billion and rmb1,367 million respectively, representing an increase of 105% and 29% respectively. and we expect this high growth in terms of contracted sales and net profits would continue in the forthcoming years.
in 2016, the gross profit margin and net profit margin of the group were 44.2% and 15.7% which are higher than most of the peers in prc real estate business.
in appreciation of the support of our shareholders, the board resolved to declare the payment of a final dividend of rmb2 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 december 2016 to shareholders, totaling rmb315.9 million, which is subject to the approval by the shareholders of the company in the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.
during the year, the group also developed a new business line investment and management of business parks. leveraged on the success of the rental and management of vision shenzhen business park phases 1 and 2 which attract world-class tenants such as alibaba, dji and intel, the group managed to acquire new lands in popular first and second tier cities for development of business parks. in 2016, the group has acquired four pieces of land in shanghai which would be developed into business parks. the business park development business would expand exponentially following the accumulation of management expertise 
in order to diversify risks and enhance returns, the group has invested in six us property projects. these projects are located in prime cities in us with strong economic growth los angeles, new york and san jose. the group would also explore property development or property investment opportunities in london and hong kong as new growth points.
in 2016, chinas real estate market was a robust year and the group has adopted investment strategies with primary focus on first and popular second-tier cities. during the year, the group has acquired 14 pieces of new lands for development in hangzhou, kunshan, nanjing, shanghai, taiyuan, tianjin and wuhan, with
an aggregate gfa of approximately 2.39 million square meters, among of which 15% or 363,000 square meters are located in shanghai, one of the first-tier cities. such projects are expected to bring considerable profits and cash flows to the group. during the year, the group has acquired 74% equity in guangzhou guangdian property development group shares co., ltd. at a consideration of approximately rmb1.4 billion. such acquisition would provide the group with an additional land bank of approximately 4.2 million square meters. we believe the completion of this equity stake would largely increase the overall contracted sales of the group and further enhance the scale and position of the group in the 
looking forward to 2017, the group would remain focus in expanding scale in terms of contracted sales and landbank accumulation in the first-tier and certain second-tier cities with fast economic growth and large population inflow. the group would also seek potential equity merger and acquisition and cooperation opportunities at the same time. while for commercial properties, the group would aggressively expand our business in the development of high-end business parks and construction management on commercial projects which are light-asset and could enhance investment returns.

on behalf of the board, i would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and customers for their care and support over the past year. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our directors, management and staffs for their valuable contributions. we will continue to forge ahead and accelerate our growth and development, enhance our competitive edge and profitability and devote our best efforts to become one of the most successful property developers 
