looking for sustainable growth

i am pleased to present the annual results of yue yuen industrial (holdings) limited (the company and together with its subsidiaries, the group) for the financial year ended december 31, 2016 to the shareholders of the company (the shareholders).
in 2016, the global economic environment stabilized but our bus ines s continued to f a ce many uncertainties. the repercussions of subdued economic activity from the previous years lingered on, economic growth in the united states decelerated, and growth in europe expanded at a slower pace. overall consumer sentiment in the us and some parts of the eu has recovered, yet this was overshadowed by geopolitical uncertainties around international trade due to brexit and rhetoric concerning policies of the new trump regime in the us. china economy growth continued to decelerate, as it shifts orientation from export and investment to domestic consumption. facing these challenges, we continued to deliver superior results with both our manufacturing and china retail businesses.
the operating environment for our manufacturing business remained challenging in 2016. many factors continued to affect our manufacturing business, namely rising cost structure, more rigid government policies, and a surge in minimum wages across countries. facing these challenges, we continued to rebalance and optimize our production capacities in different countries. besides, w e h a v e p u t mo r e s tr a t e g i c emp h a s i s o n transforming our business focus from economies of scale to economies of value, introducing more innovative services and solutions as well as further integrating our supply chain. this has enhanced our competitiveness and value proposition. despite the challenging environment, the group produced 322.0 million pairs of shoes in 2016, a 1.4% growth year 
pou sheng international (holdings) limited (pou sheng), our sport-wear retail business in china continued to see a turn-around during 2016 under the auspice of high-profile international sports e v e n t s s u c h a s t h e 2016 uefa eu r o p e a n championship and the rio olympics, as well as growing consumer awareness around personal fitness. the consumption trend in china continued to gear towards athleisure and performance sportswear, with an emphasis on wellness and a healthy lifestyle. moreover, consumer spending on sportswear and sport related activities is expected to grow further on the back of favorable government policies and initiatives announced in 2016, such as the national fitness program (2016-2020) and the health china outline (2030), aiming to support the sports industry and drive consumption towards 
as major international athletic and performance brands continue to actively explore opportunities and establish their brand presence in china, pou sheng continued to partner with leading global brands to navigate the complex domestic retail environment and to actively engage with chinese consumers. it also further focused on building the core competencies of its omni-channels, as well as diversifying its product offerings to attract a broader consumer base. as of the end of 2016, pou sheng had 5,560 directly operated storescounters and 3,199 stores operated by sub-distributors in china.
the consolidated revenue of the group increased by 0.5% to us$8.5 billion, compared to us$8.4 billion recorded in the financial year 2015. the profit attributable to owners of the company increased 37.0% to us$534.6 million, compared to us$390.2 million earned in year 2015. the rise in net profit w a s m a i n l y d u e t o o p e r a ti o n a l e ffi c i e n c y improvements in both the footwear manufacturing and retail businesses. pou sheng achieved sales of us$2,443.7 million, an increase of 6.2% compared to the previous financial year. in 2016, pou sheng generated profit attributable to owners of us$88.4 million, an 37.1% improvement when compared to the previous financial year which had a net profit of us$64.5 million. the improvement in pou shengs performance reflects the resilient demand for sportswear in china, as well as continuous improvements in its store efficiency.
the asia region continued to account for the ma jorit y of the groups s a les for both it s manufacturing and retail activities, contributing a total of 48.7%. the us and europe markets accounted for 24.7% and 19.8% of the groups sales respectively. the rest of the world accounted for the remaining 6.8%.
the groups a s soc i a tes and joint ventures contributed a combined profit of us$66.8 million, compared to a contribution of profit of us$82.2 million in 2015.
looking ahead, the group will closely monitor changes to geopolitical and trade policies that may impact the industry value chain globally. to ensure manufacturing efficiency, we will continue to maintain flexibility and explore options to deal with a n y p o t e n ti a l c h a n g e s w it h i n t h e gr o u p s manufacturing supply chain. the group will continue to invest in new technologies that can offer enhanced solutions for our brand customers, in areas such as automation, innovative materials and manufacturing processes. the ability to provide a full range of services and solutions, from design, manufacturing and retail distribution across greater china, will further enable the group to expand its strategic partnerships with brand customers who are increasingly looking to expand their presence to capture opportunities arising from growing consumer spending on health and fitness globally.
for the retail business, our mission remains to offer our customers with more expertise and better sports experiences at higher efficiency. our strategy focuses on expanding our omni-channels in first and second tier cities, distributing a more diverse range of brands and products such as kids wear, as well as delivering tailored sports-related experiences and 
the group aims to better serve the changing preferences of chinese consumers, particularly for international athleisure and functional footwear and apparel. we are also optimistic about the long-term prospects of the sportswear industry in china as a result of the governments ongoing promotion of sports and growing self-awareness about health and fitness among consumers.
just as sport is essential for maintaining a healthy body, we believe that sustainable development is a requirement for a healthy business. we share the same values as our brand customers, including a commitment to ma int a ining an ethi c a l and responsible supply chain. we are also committed to cultivating corporate social responsibility and integrity within the groups fundamental principles and core values. we will focus on fulfilling our sustainable development strategy by complying with labor protections, occupational health and work safety regulations, and green manufacturing, while providing training and talent development to fulfill our corporate social responsibilities.
on behalf of the board of directors of the company (the board), i wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support. i would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contributions throughout the year.
lu chin chu

march 24, 2017 