i am pleased to present the annual results of yue yuen industrial (holdings) limited (the company and together with its subsidiaries, the group ) for the financial year ended december 31, 2014 to the shareholders of the company (the shareholders ).

developments in the world economy in 2014 were mixed. overall, the global economic growth remained below the pace of expansion enjoyed over an extended period up to 2008. growth in major economies has increasingly diverged, as the recovery in the united states gained momentum but europe and japan lagged behind. china was still growing at a robust pace but continues on a path of gradual deceleration. in addition, mixed central bank actions of different countries, as well as the rise in geopolitical risks, further contributed to the volatile global economic environment. despite the volatile economic environment in 2014, the group was still able to deliver solid performance for both footwear manufacturing and china retail businesses.

financial year 2014 was a challenging year for the group, in particular for the footwear manufacturing business, as the operating environment presented more complex and rapid changes. the cost structures in the group s major manufacturing regions continue to rise significantly. furthermore, the operating environment for the group s manufacturing activities in china became even more challenging as factors, such as government policies and labor force structure, which were favorable to manufacturing activities have changed, and at a rapid pace. in response to the challenges, the group has adjusted business strategies accordingly and accelerated the implementation of such strategies. the group has continued to place more strategic emphasis on supply chain value creation, in addition to production economies of scale. the group is focused on upgrading its capabilities to offer more valuable manufacturing and supply chain solutions to our brand customers, particularly in china where the group can further leverage the potential synergies between the footwear manufacturing and retail in 2014, the group achieved growth in sales in both footwear manufacturing and retail businesses, when compared to the financial year ended december 31, 2013. consolidated turnover of the group increased by 5.7% to us$8,013.4 million, compared to us$7,582.5 million recorded in the financial year 2013. the consolidated net profit attributable to equity holders of the company decreased by 23.9% to us$331.0 million compared to us$ 434.8 million earned in year 2013. the decline in net profit was mainly due to rising input costs in china. when looking at the group s listed subsidiary pou sheng international (holdings) limited ( pou sheng ), which is involved in the retail and brand licensee business in china, it was able to achieve sales of us$1,980.6 million, an increase of 11.4% compared to that recorded in the financial year 2013. pou sheng generated net profit attributable to its equity holders of us$4.6 million, an improvement as compared to the financial year 2013 which had a net loss of us$38.7 million. the improvement in pou sheng s performance is a reflection of the stabilizing sportswear retail environment in china and as a result of the strategic measures implemented by the pou sheng s management.

annual report 2014 8 yue yuen industrial (holdings) limited chairman s statement similar to previous reporting periods, asia region, which includes both manufacturing and retail activities, represented 45.5% of the group s sales.
the us and europe markets accounted for 27.6% and 18.7% of the group s sales respectively. the rest of the world accounted for the remaining 8.2%.

for footwear manufacturing, the group produced 307.1 million pairs of shoes in 2014, representing a decrease of 2.0% compared to last year. the footwear production volume was impacted mainly by the significant increase in cost structure in china and hence the group continued optimization of its production capacity to optimize the size and geographic mix of the capacity. in addition, the group continued to streamline the list of customers so that we could commit the group s resources better to serve the targeted customers.

t o c o u n t e r t h e c o s t i n c r e a s e s i n f o o t w e a r manufacturing, the group has been working closely with the brand customers and continued to invest in technologies, including automation and smart equipment control, and in production process improvement to increase manufacturing efficiency.
the group has also been looking into ways to shorten the manufacturing lead time and to increase the level of coordination between the factory and its supply chain partners. the group s target is not only to continue to improve manufacturing efficiency but also to respond more quickly to changes in customer demand. furthermore, the group has been working to increase the innovation and incorporation of environmentally friendly materials into footwear design, development and manufacturing.

for pou sheng, consumer spending in the people s republic of china (the prc ) improved compared to the prior years. during 2014, both international and domestic brands have been working hard to reduce the inventory in the retail channel. with the level of channel inventory down to a more normalized level, the level of discounting on prices was not as deep as compared to 2013. at the end of 2014, pou sheng had 4,263 directly operated storescounters and 2,689 sub-distributors in the prc. during the year, pou sheng s management team maintained its focus on improving operating efficiency and keeping the store network operating primarily in the first and second tier cities. pou sheng management s efforts to improve the management information system and strengthen the training of retail staff helped the retail business improve its operating performance compared to that in 2013.

the group s associated companies and joint ventures contributed a combined profit of us$78.4 million, which was an improvement compared to 2013 s profit of us$48.8 million.

annual report 2014 yue yuen industrial (holdings) limited 9 for pou sheng, as the operating environment for the retail business in the prc had stabilized, the company will continue to be focused exclusively on its retail operations. the group is confident that the prospects for the retail business remain attractive as the trends of economic growth and consumer income growth in the prc are expected to continue over the on behalf of the board of directors of the company (the board ), i wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their supports. i would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.

lu chin chu
march 20, 2015 long term planning is crucial to enable the group to reach the various sustainable development targets.
we believe having a sustained and focused strategy in human resource management, industrial process improvement, supply chain integration, and end-to- end supply chain solution is important to the group s sustainable development objectives. furthermore, fundamental principles and core values should be established across all business units to promote ethical conducts and values and hence further facilitate the sustainable development of the group.

for 2015, the group is confident about the performance for the footwear manufacturing and the prc retail businesses, despite the continued volatility in the global economic environment.
the group believes that it has a set of robust strategy in place to confront the challenges and enhance the group s competitive strengths. for footwear manufacturing, the group will continue to focus on manufacturing efficiency, invest in new technologies and innovative materials, and enhance the capabilities to be a strategic partner to our brand customers. the group will continue to plan the geographic mix of the production capacity, including the launch of new production sites in myanmar and indonesia later in 2015.

build value for annual report 2014 