i would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued attention and substantial support to china traditional chinese medicine holdings co. limited (the company or we). on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of the company, i am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of the company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the reporting period or year under review) with comparative figures for the year ended 31 december 2015 and the companys consolidated financial statements have been prepared according to the applicable disclosure provisions of the rules governing the listing of securities on the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the listing rules) and hong kong financial reporting standards (hkfrs).
2016 was the first complete financial year for the company to fully consolidate the financial statements of jiangyin tianjiang pharmaceutical co., ltd. (tianjiang pharmaceutical) and its subsidiaries following the completion of acquisition of 87.3% equity interests of tianjiang pharmaceutical. the audited revenue of the group for the year 2016 was approximately rmb6,532,867,000, representing an increase of 76.1% compared to approximately rmb3,709,406,000 in the previous year. the profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately rmb966,927,000, representing an increase of 54.6% compared to approximately rmb625,596,000 in the previous year. the basic earnings per share increased from rmb16.97 cents last year to rmb21.73 cents in 2016, representing an increase of 28.0%.
review for the year of 2016 the regulatory environment for pharmaceutical industry was even more challenging in 2016, a year when the government also promoted the development of traditional chinese medicine (tcm). in 2016, in response to the changing tcm finished drugs market, the group adjusted its strategy, relieved its historical burden, while maintaining the growth pace of our concentrated tcm granules with high technical standards, which further consolidated our leading position in the market.
(i) continuously optimizing the groups management with full integration of resources in order to further facilitate the in-depth integration of internal management and progressively formulating an effective long-term mechanism based on regulated management and scientific development, the group thoroughly rationalized and adjusted the organization structure and management system of subsidiaries for the purpose of continuous improvement in its management platform.
first, integration of management resources. during the year under review, the group successfully launched a centralized business information system and mobile operation platform to replace the various information systems operated by its subsidiaries, which helped connect each business segment and manage information and achieved information-sharing across the group and decision-making based on big data, resulting in better management efficiency and lower management cost.
second, integration of procurement resources. in order to actively deal with the impact from the different characteristics of chinese medicinal herbs and their price volatility, further reduce the procurement cost and strengthen our overall bargaining power, the company established an integrated chinese medicinal herbs procurement center at the end of april 2016, and the first meeting of suppliers was convened at the end of may 2016, which promoted the integration of procurement system between the company and its subsidiaries.
third, integration of production resources. applying an intensive, energy-saving and environmental friendly development model, the company put all pre-production process of the subsidiaries in guangdong province in the workshop in gaoming district, foshan. through building the gaoming workshop as the technologically leading pre-production base for extraction of chinese medicinal herbs across the country in terms of production capacity, intelligent technology, quality control, energy-saving, etc., the company gained experience for establishing 8 major extraction bases in the prc in the coming three years.
fourth, integration of financial resources. in order to further optimize our debt structure, avoid foreign exchange risk, facilitate the matching of investment and financing, the company successfully issued three-year panda bonds in an amount of rmb2,500 million in november 2016, which significantly reduced financing costs and ensured sufficient funding for the groups future development.
(ii) proactively prepared for the rapid development of the concentrated tcm granules segment in 2016, the regulations on the administration of concentrated tcm granules (draft for comments) ( ) drafted by china food and drug administration and the technical requirements on quality control and standards establishment for concentrated tcm granules (draft for comments) ) drafted by china pharmacopoeia commission were issued to solicit public opinions. it is expected that these two documents will be officially issued in 2017. at such time, there will be unified production and quality standards for the concentrated tcm granules and decoction pieces sectors and the market will gradually open, leading to more healthy development of the industry.
as such, the company decided to put in all its efforts of the group and centralise its strengths and resources to grasp such historic opportunity to achieve rapid expansion in the concentrated tcm granules business.
under the coordination and support of the group, the relevant procedures of optimizing management structure and integrating resources of tianjiang pharmaceutical were actively commenced, which allowed tianjiang pharmaceutical to quickly integrate into the groups management and operation platform to achieve a year-on-year growth target of 20% in revenue.
the group built a scientific research team comprising nearly 100 members and focused on the research and establishment of the quality standards in concentrated tcm granules. by consolidating our knowledges in research, production and procurement, together with external experts, the group further strengthened its market leader position with high technical standards.
the group has formulated a layout plan for concentrated tcm granule production and decoction piece processing base, involving for the construction of 8 major chinese medicinal herb extraction bases and concentrated tcm granule production bases across various provinces, which is expected to be completed within three years. the targeted production capacity for extraction and concentrated tcm granules are 3 times and 2.5 times of existing production capacity respectively. annual production value will exceed rmb20 billion at full product capacity. such plan has started to implement.
(iii) adjusting the strategy for tcm finished drugs segment to reduce burden 2016 was a difficult year for tcm finished drugs segment, the implemention of two-invoice system in the pharmaceutical distribution sector, secondary price negotiation, control on the proportion of drug sales in the revenue of hospitals, and zero mark-up policy, etc., brought tremendous impact to both the tcm and western drug markets. as such, the company promptly adjusted strategy to stabilize the terminal sales and kept exploring new sources of profit growth at the same time.
first, in order to adapt promptly to the new policy and market environment, the company promoted the destocking process in the distribution channels across the country, actively reduced shipment to distributors and accelerated the elimination of inventory in distribution channels, and initial results were achieved. the sales are likely to return to normal in 2017. meanwhile, the company established responsible person and partnership scheme as well as effectively integrated and carefully invested its sales resources so as to lay a solid foundation for long-term and sustainable development.
second, the company has completed the merger and acquisition of huayi pharmaceutical company limited (huayi pharmaceutical) and its subsidiary, jilin baiqi pharmaceutical co., ltd. with qili capsule produced by huayi pharmaceutical, the number of our exclusive edl products has increased to eight. the company continued to promote blockbusters development program with numerous inputs in evidence-based clinical research and continuously increased product value. academic promotion and marketing strategy supported by our evidencebased clinical research has achieved initial success, which will have positive impact on product sales in the next few 
third, the company increased prices of certain otc products (otc drugs) and rebuilt their market value, and remarkable results were seen in market expansion. for example, sales volume of a tibetan formula chongcao qingfei capsule (), a key otc variety and of superstore program, experienced a year-on-year growth exceeding 80% after its introduction, which will become a new core product in 2017. another examples are traditional minor varieties, such as po chai pill (), snake bile chuan bei powder (), snake bile chenpi powder (), angong niuhuang honeyed bolus (), yao shen herbal paste ( ), renshenzaizao honeyed bolus (), dahuoluo honeyed bolus (), etc, which, through innovative promotion and marketing, including changing sales mode, cultivating the consumer base of the younger generation, have been progressively becoming a new source of growth.
fourth, the company continuously enhanced the professional training of sales team and built up expert networks in orthopedics, dermatology, otolaryngology, paediatrics, respiration, and rheumatology, etc, in order to adapt to the new normal for sales under the continued healthcare reform.
(iv) creating a complete value chain for tcm, achieving inter-segment interaction and 
as a traditional segment in tcm business, decoction pieces segment has been enjoying strong support from the government policy. in 2016, the market size of decoction piece business exceeded rmb200 billion. as the only listing tcm platform of china national pharmaceutical group corporation (cnpgc), it is our mission to strengthen the decoction pieces business.
through accelerating the development in tcm decoction pieces business, the company is able to improve the source reliability tracking process and quality control on the upstream raw materials for concentrated tcm granules and tcm finished drugs segments on one hand, and develop tcm decoction business and penetrate into more hospitals on the other, which will provide better support to the expansion of sales channel for the concentrated tcm granules and achieve satisfactory results in both the decoction pieces and the concentrated tcm granules 
sinopharm group feng liao xing (foshan) medicinal material & slices co., ltd. (feng liao xing material & slices) and foshan tcm hospital have jointly established a tcm decoction center, which provides decoction services for the tcm prescribed by the hospital doctors and the decocted medicine is delivered directly to the patients address by courier. there is considerable market demand for tcm decoction business in guangzhou and foshan, which is now in a benign development stage. in november 2016 and december 2016 respectively, the merger and acquisition of guizhou tongjitang herbal co., ltd. (tongjitang herbal) () ( ) and shanghai tongjitang pharmaceutical co., ltd. (shanghai tongjitang) ( ) () was completed, which represented a breakthrough in the development of decoction pieces business in guizhou and shanghai. leveraging on the years of business experience in upstream chinese medicinal herbs of cnpgc, the company cooperated with local plantation bases in various production regions, continued upholding of operation strategy focusing on key varieties of local chinese medicinal herbs and expanded the scale of certain local chinese medicinal herbs plantation bases, which laid a solid foundation for the source tracking of tcm products as well as meeting the quality requirement of chinese medicinal herbs in future.
business of sinopharm group foshan feng liao xing medical complex co., ltd. (tcm healthcare complex) ( ) , which commenced operation at the end of 2015, was in good shape, providing outpatient and physiotherapy services to nearly 30,000 customers in the first year of operation. in january 2017, the company completed the acquisition of 60% registered capital of guizhou tongjitang pharmacy chain co. ltd.
and its tcm clinics in order to continue exploring and promoting the brand new business model of tcm healthcare 
prospects and outlook for 2017 2017 will be an important year for the tcm industry. tcm development strategy plan summary (2016-2030) 2016-2030 outlines a promising future for the development of tcm business. traditional chinese medicine act , which has been proposed for many years, has finally been introduced, which further strengthened the position of tcm in chinas development strategy. the white paper on traditional chinese medicine further promotes the tcm business and chinese medicine culture to the world.
recently, the ministry of human resources and social security of the peoples republic of china has promulgated the 2017 national drugs list for basic medical insurance. 15 products of the company are new additions to the list, of which yao shen herbal paste (), chaishi tuire granule () and liuwei dingxiang pill () are exclusive products. also, 282 products of the company are listed on the new drugs list for basic medical insurance, 26 of which are exclusive products. those products listed on the reimbursement drug list are valuable assets of the company as well as the growth driver in finished products in future. besides, the extensive product mix and exclusive products significantly enhance the companys risk resistance ability.
with the deregulation of the industry and progressive implementation of relevant ancillary policies, the company expects that the concentrated tcm granules market will experience an explosive growth in the coming 5-10 years. to cope with challenges from the new comers and grasp the historic opportunity for the development of the industry, the group will put in considerable efforts and core resources to continuously consolidate tianjiang pharmaceuticals leading position in the concentrated tcm granules industry and maintain our advantages.
(i) promoting the expansion of production capacity and setting up standards of concentrated tcm granules to consolidate our leading position the government policy concerning concentrated tcm granules industry may soon to be introduced, which may lead to a disruptive growth of the market and more intensive market competition. the company will concentrate in expansion of production capacity and setting up standards to capitalize on the window period of the favourable policy and first-mover advantage to consolidate our position as the market leader and to be the pioneer in capturing the development opportunity so as to realize robust development in the concentrated tcm granules 
(ii) accelerating the construction of extraction bases, guaranteeing the planning and development of tcm industry after fully considering the aggregation, optimization and centralized allocation of internal resources, the company makes forward looking deployment based on the demand of planning and development of the concentrated tcm granules as well as the tcm finished drugs. also, with our existing bases, the company will accelerate the construction of extraction bases through various methods, including investing in new construction, technology modification, etc., so as to guarantee the pre-processing capability for planning and development of modern tcm 
(iii) commencing construction of initial processing bases in production regions, realizing tcm 
based on the demand for the production of concentrated tcm granules and tcm finished drugs, the company will accelerate the extension of upstream business in the industrial chain. the company will adopt innovative cooperation model and commence construction of initial processing bases in key production regions of local chinese medicinal herbs by cooperating with selected partners, which is systemically linked to the chinese medicinal herb procurement platform and leads to more health development of the industry.
as the flagship of tcm segment of cnpgc, the group will firmly grasp the great opportunity in the thriving development of tcm industry. with the concentrated tcm granules and finished drug segment as its base, the company will achieve its rapid expansion covering the whole-industry chain with the plantation of chinese medicinal herbs, processing of decoction pieces and healthcare services to set for a stunning growth in scale and 
