on behalf of luk fook holdings (international) limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the group), i hereby present the groups annual results for the year ended 31 march 2017 (fy2017 or the year under review).
with the gradually improving retail sentiment and a relatively low base in the second half of the year under review, the revenue for the second half of the financial year improved significantly comparing to its first half. the groups revenue for fy2017 therefore recorded a slight drop only.
furthermore, the groups gross profit increased despite the decrease in revenue, attributable to the improved gross margin of both gold and gem-set jewellery products. together with the much narrowed loss in the investments and operating activities in relation to hong kong resources holdings company limited and its subsidiaries during the year under review, profit attributable to equity holders for fy2017 therefore increased when compared to 
the groups total revenue for the year under review amounted to hk$12,807,277,000 (2016: hk$14,031,302,000), representing a decrease of 8.7% over last year. profit attributable to equity holders increased by 6.1% to hk$1,016,838,000 (2016: hk$958,692,000), with earnings per share of hk$1.73 (2016: hk$1.63). the board of directors of the company proposed a final dividend of hk$0.40 per share (2016: hk$0.34) and a special dividend of hk$0.15 per share (2016: hk$0.21), totaling hk$0.55 per share. together with the interim and special dividends of hk$0.55 per share in total (2016: hk$0.55) paid in december 2016, the total dividend for fy2017 amounted to hk$1.10 per share (2016: hk$1.10 per share). the dividend payout ratio reached 63.5% on a full year basis (2016: 67.5%).
despite the slowing economic growth in mainland china, its gdp growth was amongst those at the top of the world. given the considerable growth potential of the middle-class population, the group still actively pursued further development in the mainland china market. during the year under review, the group opened a net total of 64 lukfook shops in mainland china and there were 4 shops opened in korea, malaysia and the united states as well.
as at 31 march 2017, the group had a total of 1,496 lukfook shops globally (of which 1,296 were licensed shops and 200 were self-operated shops). together with our 9 3d-gold selfoperated shops in mainland china, there were 1,505 shops in total globally, spanning over hong kong, macau, mainland china, singapore, korea, malaysia, the united states, canada and 
during the year under review, the same store sales of gemset jewellery products in the groups retail business recorded a notable narrowing decline. besides, there was great improvement in sales for the second half of the financial year, and the fourth quarter same store sales resumed growth. the market sentiment is improving, and this sentiment extends to the new financial year.
in view of this, we remain cautiously optimistic about the business prospect for the new financial year. the group will endeavour to uphold the groups business development via focusing on product offering enrichment, china network expansion and market-oriented branding strategy in the coming year, and through offering more fashionable yet affordable products to cater for the trend of trading down consumption and to target at the mass market covering middle-class customers as well as kids.
we therefore expect business for the coming year to restore a 
as the policies in mainland china still emphasise on actively pushing forward urbanisation and increasing the per capita income, the group will focus on expanding into the sub secondtier cities and the groups net shop additions in mainland china will not be less than 50 in the new financial year. moreover, since young consumers have strong spending potential on online sales platforms, the group will continue to develop the e-commerce business and to further strengthen cooperation with e-commerce platforms in mainland china. during the year under review, the number of the groups online sales platforms in mainland china was 12, including tmall.com, vip.com and jd.com. the group will continue to promote sales of good-value-for-money jewelleries on online platforms to attract more young consumers, thereby raising the groups brand awareness. the group targets to grow e-commerce revenue by 50% in the coming year.
by understanding customers spending habits, the group will adopt comprehensive initiatives to penetrate into the markets for middle-class, wedding and kids. we will also continue to attract customers and boost local consumption by enhancing product displays, cross-promotional campaigns and vip promotional activities so as to improve sales and profit. the group will also showcase, promote and market its products on mobile applications and social media platforms such as facebook and 
in addition to broadening the sources of income in different ways, the group will strive to enhance productivity and reduce expenditure in different operational aspects, including the ongoing negotiations with landlords about reducing rents, improvement of service quality control, enhancement of support to licensees, promotion of a continuous improvement culture and full automation of operational processes, so as to enhance efficiency and reduce costs in the hope of delivering better results to our 
in the long run, there will still be solid customer demand for jewellery products driven by the unique geographic and tax advantages of hong kong and macau, cumulative brand awareness over the years, extensive retail network, managements effective sales strategies plus various costeffectiveness enhancement measures, and increasing per capita income in mainland china. the outlook for jewellery industry remains promising, which will be conducive to the sustainable business development of the group.
this year is the 20th anniversary since the public listing of the group on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited. this was an important milestone to the group. looking backward, the group has made significant achievements. the groups business has been progressing steadily, with the number of shops increasing continuously. in the past 20 years, the compound annual growth rate (cagr) of the revenue was 11% while the cagr of the profit for the year was 14%. as at 28 june 2017, the groups market capitalization reached hk$14.9 billion which was 33 times of that at the time of the initial public offering (ipo) and the net asset reached hk$8.9 billion, which was 41 times of that at the time of the ipo. besides, the average dividend payout ratio was 47%. except for fy2003 which was affected by sars, the group has achieved double-digit return on equity every year since its ipo, which was a remarkable performance.
i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff members, shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their unfaltering support and contributions to the groups continuing success. going forward, the group will still adopt pragmatic and sound growth measures, strengthen its competitive advantages and further enhance its leading position in the market so as to generate sustainable returns to our shareholders and establish a new benchmark for corporate 
by order of the board wong wai sheung
chairman and chief executive
hong kong, 29 june 2017 