i have pleasure in reporting that the group delivered another year of solid financial results with remarkable revenue and earnings growth. our proactive and pragmatic investment philosophy and approach saw a 15% increase in profit attributable to shareholders in fy2017, reaching a record high of hk$5.629 billion.
this is a reflection of the success of the groups business strategy in staying diversified and disciplined, which enables the group to achieve sustainable growth in the face of economic volatilities and geopolitical uncertainties.
sustainable growth intact
following the slowdown in 2016, the global economy has steadily regained traction as both advanced and developing economies have enjoyed increased market activities. notwithstanding the long awaited slight increase in interest rate by the united states federal reserve bank, the monetary policies of central banks around the world have remained largely calm. the overall global economy appears to have entered 2017 on a firmer footing despite lingering concerns for the united states growing protectionism stance and heightened geopolitical confrontations across the world.
china is on track to attaining, and so far has succeeded, the 2017 growth target of 6.5% by a basket of economic and financial measures, including tighter control on leverage for financial activities and property markets and rebalancing the supply side of economic activities. there continues to be an emphasis on the shift of economy from being investmentexport oriented to consumption-driven. the central government remains committed to measures to contain financial vulnerabilities without sacrificing growth.
this transition calls for on-going structural reforms and foreign investments to participate in value-added developments in various key sectors, including transportation, healthcare, logistics and environmental services. as a long-term investor and operator in infrastructure projects in mainland china, the group looks forward to leveraging its expertise and multi-faceted investment capabilities to capitalize on business opportunities arising from chinas continuing economic growth.
under various national initiatives in promoting sustainable development in china, the groups china-based infrastructure projects continue to benefit from a higher level of economic activities in the country. riding on the directives to improve transportation connectivity and expand the highway system, the roads segment benefits from rising urbanization and commercial activities. the recent opening of the tianjin and urumqi terminals will add further strength to the network of terminals now operated by china united international rail containers co., limited (cuirc), a nationwide rail container terminal project under the logistics segment. the national policy to integrate beijingtianjin-hebei region, including designated free trade zones, will help strengthen tianjins position as the international logistics hub serving the region. urumqi, as a convenient gateway city into europe, will serve as a key passage of international trade under the much discussed belt and road initiative. the renewed priority in the development of yangtze river economic belt will also provide both suez nws and chongqing derun environment co., ltd. (derun environment) with ample growth opportunities under the environment segment. both platforms possess the technical experience and local presence needed to undertake water resources and environmental remediation projects arising from the further development of this vast region.
as anticipated, the aviation segment continues to be the fastest growing business within the groups business portfolio. underpinned by the rising global demand for leased aircraft, the combined fleet size of goshawk aviation limited (goshawk) and bauhinia aviation capital limited increased from the group has made solid progress in forging a sustainable growth path with high-quality investments to embrace new challenges and scale new heights.
68 to 90 during fy2017. the group also welcomes the recent passage of a new tax regime at the hong kong legislative council, which provides the necessary conditions for the development of aircraft leasing business in hong kong. hitherto it has not been possible to attract aircraft leasing companies to domicile in hong kong due to uncompetitive cost base compared to a number of other jurisdictions.
in march 2017, the group reached a new milestone having marked its entry into the healthcare industry with the opening of gleneagles hong kong hospital (ghk) under the services division. with its state-of-the-art medical equipment and facilities and a dedicated team of highly trained medical professionals, ghk is equipped to provide high quality and comprehensive medical services. the group is confident that ghk will establish itself as a world-class private hospital contributing stable and recurring earnings in the not too distant future.
it was a very challenging year for the services division, as expected. the facilities management segment contracted further mainly due to the initial operating loss of ghk during its start-up phase and the downturn of free dutys retail business.
on the other hand, the construction & transport segment continued to deliver sturdy growth on the back of a strong order book of construction jobs.
furthermore, the full consolidation of nws transport services limited (nws transport, together with its subsidiaries, nws transport group) in the second half of fy2017 contributed to the top and bottom line growth. looking ahead, the strong underlying business fundamentals of the construction & transport segment will be able to provide cushioning effect against the headwinds that are impacting the short-term performance of the facilities management 
attributable operating profit (aop) grew by 2% to hk$4.840 billion while profit attributable to shareholders increased by 15% to hk$5.629 billion in fy2017. aop growth of 9% delivered by the infrastructure division was driven by the roads and aviation segments. as already explained, the aop decline of 9% for the services division reflected the groups share of initial operating loss of ghk and the challenging environment for free dutys business.
apart from aop growth, the 15% increase in profit attributable to shareholders also reflected the net positive contribution from exceptional items. as detailed in the interim results announcement, the group booked a gain of approximately hk$454 million upon the restructuring of suez nws while the full acquisition of nws transport resulted in a gain of approximately hk$113 million. in march 2017, the group completed the disposal of tricor holdings limited (tricor) and recognized a disposal gain of approximately hk$933 million. these positive contributions were partly offset by losses associated with newton resources ltd (newton resources) which amounted to approximately hk$291 million 
in view of the strong financial position, the board is pleased to propose a final dividend of hk$0.39 per share and a special final dividend of hk$0.72 per share, representing a special payout ratio of 100%.
together with the interim dividend of hk$0.34 per share, total dividend for fy2017 will be hk$1.45 per share, a 123% increase compared with hk$0.65 per share in fy2016.

the group believes that corporate success also means creating social values for the communities that we serve. we engage the communities through dedication of corporate resources and volunteer supports. in fy2017, our corporate volunteering team, the nws volunteer alliance, celebrated its 15 years of community work involving more than 165,000 hours of social services. our 10-year old nws holdings charities foundation has also played an important role in our endeavours to accelerate positive impacts, with donations worth more than hk$26 million to date. in line with our social commitment, we have launched the nws career navigator for youth programme, a new chapter in our journey of cultivating young minds as they pave the ways for career development.

the group has made solid progress in forging a sustainable growth path with high-quality investments in fy2017, having restructured suez nws, taken full control of nws transport and commenced ghk operations. we have strengthened our environmental asset portfolio with a much wider platform, taken a stronghold in the local transportation sector and successfully launched our healthcare services. the group will continue to dedicate our efforts to seeking business opportunities to maximize shareholders 
in closing, i would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their unwavering supports and congratulate my fellow directors and staff members for the remarkable achievements throughout the year.
dr cheng kar shun, henry

hong kong, 20 september 2017 