i am pleased to present the 2016 annual report (the annual report) of china high speed transmission equipment group co., ltd. (the company). for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the period under review), the company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the group) recorded sales revenue of approximately rmb8,966,049,000, representing a decrease of approximately 8.9% from 2015. profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately rmb1,108,995,000, representing an increase of approximately 7.3% from 2015.
the group continued to lead domestic wind power equipment industry by focusing on customers need, keeping abreast of market demand, and optimizing product mix and cost control to sharpen our core competitive edges.
the company also proactively anchored its business to the industrial gear transmission equipment industry. as a result, remarkable results over the overall performance of the industry was achieved for 2016. during the period under review, the group was honorably awarded the title of one of the top enterprise models in the first round assessment of manufacturing business by miit.
in 2016, the global economy continued to grow slowly and sluggish recovery was seen in many sectors. despite these new normal phenomena, the prc maintained its mid-to-high single digit growth while seeking to make progress in structural reform of the supply front by optimization of its industrial structure. equipment manufacturing industry was benefited and saw a solid growth momentum. regarding to wind power industry, according to data from chinese wind energy association, in respect wind power for the country, the newly installed capacity amounted to 23.4gw for the year and the cumulative installed capacity by the end of 2016 amounted to 168.7gw, representing a decline of 24% year-on-year and a growth of 16% year-on-year, respectively. according to thirteenth five-year plan, the initial planned wind power grid-connected capacity will be 210gw, of which the initial planned offshore wind power capacity will then be 5gw.
as clean energy investment in the prc faltered in 2016, worldwide spending in clean energy cooled down last year.
according to a report from bloomberg new energy finance, the total investment in the global clean energy sector in 2016 was us$287.5 billion, down 18% from 2015 year on year. however, thanks to the development of large scale wind turbine and improvement of construction technology, the global investment in offshore wind power reached a record high in 2016, with a total investment of us$29.9 billion, an increase of 40% over 2015. meanwhile, contrary to the decline in total investment, clean energy new capacity in the world was not reduced. globally, new wind capacity was increased by 56.5gw in 2016, which is the second fastest expansion besides 2015. in response to the widespread popularity of intermittent clean energy systems, the prc and the whole world were working on wind power grid construction, with a focus on handling overcapacity and promotion of power market reform to optimize the allocation of renewable energy power, so as to help renewable energy to play its full potential.
looking back to 2016, against the backdrop of global economy slowdown, as a leading wind gear transmission equipment manufacturer in the world, the group implemented business structure adjustments, and acquired a revenue of approximately rmb7,362,287,000 from wind power transmission equipment products. during the period under review, in addition to provision of large wind power gear boxes to its customers, the group furthered the effectiveness of 5mw and 6mw wind power gear box transmission equipment, aligning with its international competitors in terms of technological level. moreover, the group launched ngc stangear, the first serialized product platform for main gear boxes and yaw and pitch drives in the world as well as introduced a wind gear transmission box status monitoring system, leading the development of the industry. the group also established good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including ge renewable energy, nordex, senvion, unison, suzlon, inbox wind, guodian united (), guangdong mingyang ( ), windey (), shanghai electric (), envision energy (), dongfang electric () and goldwind ( ). we had delivered around 50,000 wind power main gear boxes and 300,000 yaw and pitch drives to approximately 40 major plants located in over 30 countries and regions, capturing a global market share of 
the groups high quality products and good services are widely recognized and trusted by domestic and overseas customers. through relentless efforts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries in the us, germany, singapore and canada and abiding by our sustainable development strategy, the group strives for closer interactions and conversations with customers abroad. recently, a wholly-owned subsidiary has been newly established in india to capture opportunities in emerging markets and further extend our diversified services to clients around the globe. in the future, provision of high quality products will still be the thrust of our business. while maintaining the dominate domestic market share, the group will continue to pursue for global expansion by sharpening our edges to compete in international markets and to extend our leading position.
further, as a global leader in wind gear transmission equipment, the group always endeavors to render valueadded solutions to customers for fostering a healthier and sustainable development for the entire wind power industry. during the period under review, the group formally launched 3.x mw platform gear box products which were developed specifically for the low wind speed market. also, we successfully developed and established ngc stangear, a serialized product platform for wind energy gear boxes which can reduce the cost of research and development of new products and shorten the development cycle, demonstrating our competitive advantage in lowcost and rapid launching of products.
during the period under review, in response to uncertainties in global economy and excess production capacity in the prcs equipment industry, the group adjusted our development strategy in the business of traditional industrial gear transmission equipment. by utilization of self-developed technology, most of our new products emphasized features like energy saving and environmental friendliness. the products were standardized and modularized in order to boost sales. marketing efforts in sales of components and parts were strengthened to enhance customers existing production efficiency as well as to consolidate our position as a major supplier in traditional industrial transmission products. in addition, a fast feedback mechanism was set up to handle deliveries to clients, optimizing an integrated operation system which incorporates sales, research and development and production functions. on the basis of business restructuring, the group adopted a prudent and pragmatic approach in capital management, achieving a strategic synergy between business development and capital management and an optimized financial structure for the group.
looking ahead, as wind power policies under thirteenth five-year plan and new energy development policies will be rolling out, the wind power industry has already pulled together its resources and got ready for future growth.
it is expected there will be more positive measures for downstream wind power equipment manufacture market.
this is a favorable external environment for the development of our group. innovative business like us can realize its potentials in branding, sufficient funding, technological innovation, etc. the group will keep on strengthening our gear transmission business model in terms of both size and capability under our new development strategy to enjoy economies of scale and render high quality products and services. by our prudent and pragmatic operational strategy, efficient business structure and a great sense of responsibility to our shareholders, it is certain that the group is able to secure forthcoming market opportunities and continue to propel the development of the industry.
during the period under review, fullshare holdings limited (stock code: 607 (fullshare), a company incorporated in the cayman islands with limited liability), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, made a voluntary conditional share exchange offer to acquire all of the issued shares of the group. as at 31 december 2016, fullshare and parties acting in concert with it indirectly held approximately 74.99% shareholding in the company. the group has excellent standing in the industry and is regarded highly by investors, and we wish the cooperation will take our business to the next level. through the share exchange, the group is enabled to share the international network and fund raising platform of fullshare. in respect of the future business development and merger and acquisition projects of the group, fullshare can also fully support us by sharing its experiences and expertise in finance and organization 
i would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management and all staff of the group, and the board (the board) of directors (the director(s)), shareholders and investors of the company who have contributed to and put faith in the group as well as our business partners who have been supportive of the group.

30 march 2017 