economic, market and

2016 was the year marked with aggravating market fluctuations and a spate of black swan events.
global highlights such as brexit and u.s. presidential election imposed ramifications over the financial market, rendering a roller-coaster ride throughout the year. the global economic growth showed a sign of deceleration. growth of developed economies like european countries and u.s. became softer while that of japan and south korea reached a plateau. although the economic strength of emerging economies like china and india remained strong, the pace of trajectory became slower.
however, the recession of eastern european and latin american countries receded.
though the world has not exited from the low interest rate era, monetary policies laid down by different economies became to differ. the fed declared the second rate hike in december 2016, a step closer to achieving the target rate. in contrast, european countries and japan advocated negative rate and accommodative monetary policies. the oil price rallied after the plummet in early 2016 while the commodity prices started to pick up in mid-2016.
dragged by both the a share and international markets, h shares registered a significant drop in price in early 2016. the declining trend began to turn around in february and the rising momentum kept up for several months up to 24,000. however, sensitized to a series of uncertainties, the hang seng index retreated and closed at 22,000, accounting for a mild rise of 0.4% for 2016.
on 5 december 2016, the shenzhen-hong kong stock connect kicked off, further bolstering the interconnectivity between the mainland and hong kong markets. however, as rmb lost strength whereas regulators took steps to rein in insurance activities, investors were on the fence and the investment sentiment remained lukewarm.
experiencing the nosedive in early 2016, the a share market gradually restored and oscillated in a narrow range in mid-2016. at the end of 2016, the csi300 index was recorded a drop of 12.3% and 19.6% when compared with that of 2015. on the equity financing side, the proceeds raised through ipo on the hkex totaled hk$194.8 billion, topping the world for another year.
in the face of capricious and treacherous macroeconomic landscape and business environment where challenges abound, haitong internationals uprising momentum remained intact, thanks to its ample capital and comprehensive and balanced development of business lines. it also devoted efforts to the development of operations, it and risk management essential and instrumental to its robust growth. the net profit of the company for 2016 was hk$1.68 billion, serving as the second highest record. its aggregate assets steadily picked up to hk$131.5 billion for the year, accounting for an increase of 43.1%. during the year, the group successfully acquired an indian subsidiary of haitong securities which served as a springboard to establish its presence in india, a major emerging market in asia, which took up 8.05% of msci emerging index with an annual gdp growth of over 7%. therefore, the acquisition signifies a new opportunity for haitong international to lift up its overall competitiveness in the asia-pacific area.

looking forward, in 2017, the globe will still be challenge-ridden. donald trumps taking office and the brexit process will surely impose impacts on the market, and china will surely have another year filled with tests. nevertheless, 2017 is also an important year for china to implement the 13th five year plan as well as welcoming the 19th national congress of the communist party of china. to adapt to the new normals of the economic development and the deepening structural reform of supply side, the resources allocation is to be perfected whereas the innovation-driven development will be upheld so as to boost quality and core competencies, thereby accomplishing economic prosperity. meanwhile, as the general strategy to spur regional boom and the belt and road initiative are underway, a new batch of state-planned projects, special funds and ppp projects will come forth, demonstrating a healthier and sounder way for the development of china.
backed by the progress of chinas reform and the recovery of other major economies, it is expected that hong kongs economy will rebound in 2017.
though global recession and reversal of liquidity are likely to pose threats that should not be understated, the financial market is still filled with opportunities in 2017. thanks to the supply side reform and the implementation of plan for manufacturing industry, the a stock market is expected to see a pickup on the path of general economic recovery in 2017.
bolstered by favorable factors such as the launch of shenzhen-hong kong stock connect and inflow of insurance funds, the h share market is expected to ride out the adversity in 2017.
looking forward in 2017, haitong international will leverage its balanced presence to unleash its integrated service competence and capture opportunities given in the market. moreover, more efforts will be put on the information technology and recruitment of talents to ensure efficient operations and strict risk management. our aim is to provide more professional services for our clients and yield long-term values for our shareholders. at the same time, haitong international will also live up to its mission of being a company with global strategic perspective. to this end, it will take advantage of the belt and road initiative and strengthen synergies among businesses in hong kong and china. with a stronger asia-pacific product sale network with global distribution, haitong international will continue to forge ahead along its path of being a boutique investment banking company in the asiapacific 
hong kong, 9 march 2017 