i have pleasure to report to the 
the audited profit attributable to equity shareholders of the company for the year ended 31 december 2016 increased by 6.9% to hk$37.02 billion; basic earnings per share was hk$3.64; shareholders funds increased to hk$222.25 billion; net assets per share was hk$20.29; and average return on shareholders funds was 17.1%. the board proposed a final dividend of hk42 cents per share.
after a rather long period of rapid growth, chinas economy has adjusted to a period of steadier growth. following more than a decade of rapid expansion, china's property market has similarly entered a new era. the coming year, 2017, is expected to be complex and changeable, based on the global and local political and economic environments. with its solid foundation, worldwide vision and exposure, correct development strategies, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through consistent innovation. the group is confident that it can resolve risks and rise to the challenge and seek progress amid stability. the board expects that the china property market to remain stable in the next few years and the company can achieve sustainable and steady growth.
1. business review 
black swan events emerged in a seemingly endless stream in 2016. the global economy underwent profound adjustment and rebalancing. the monetary policies of developed economies were not aligned, while the economic slowdown of emerging markets accelerated. as the united states maintained its moderate economic recovery, the federal reserve raised interest rates, causing continued depreciation of major currencies against the us dollar. a stronger dollar stimulated capital outflows in emerging market countries, and economic growth faced a downturn challenge. as the repeated quantitative easing initiative (qe) failed to bring about obvious improvement, the european and japanese central banks chose to extend or intensify their qe. the brexit referendum in the uk brought uncertainties to the economy of the european union, while the middle east, europe and asia experienced disturbing geopolitical crises. as a whole, global economic recovery was slow.
2016 marked the commencement of the national 13th fiveyear plan. the central chinese government put effort into strengthening supply-side structural reform, focusing on introduction of a series of policies, such as cutting excessive industrial capacity, de-stocking, de-leveraging, lowering costs and improving weak links. the reform has shown initial effectiveness with a stable and positive economic and employment growth. as a result, china achieved an annual economic growth of 6.7%, remaining ahead of other countries. the economic performance of hong kong and macau was inevitably affected by peripheral environment, but still recorded moderate growth. the growth rate of sales of chinas property market saw obvious slowdown in 2014.
as the nationwide commodity housing stock reached a record high in 2015, local governments released restrictions one after another to effectively stimulate their property markets. the total nationwide commodity housing area for sale continued to decrease in 2016, while the annual sales volume and prices for residential property reached alltime highs. in october, the elevating residential property and land markets triggered a policy turning point. the financial sector strictly enforced restrictions on property related lending and corporate bond issuance, and regulated the entrance of financial bank and insurance investment funds into the property market. right after the national day golden week holiday, some 30 major cities throughout china launched extensive and intensive restrictive measures, such as sales restrictions, loan restrictions and tax increase, to suppress soaring property prices.
against the backdrop of accelerated depreciation of the renminbi and the regulation of property market, mainland china investors changed their focus to hong kong property market, pushing hong kong property price upward. in november, the hong kong sar government introduced a raft of cooling measures, including higher stamp duty, with the aim to support local first-time property buyers and restrain property investment and speculation.
during the year, despite the initially relaxed but subsequently tightened environment of the mainland china property market, the group achieved sizable sales and satisfactory growth in profit. with revenue of hk$164.07 billion, the profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the company increased by 6.9% to hk$37.02 billion (excluding the profitloss generated by the property projects acquired from the citic assets acquisition, the profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the company would have increased by 14.1% from hk$33.31 billion last year to hk$38.01 billion in 2016. please refer to note 3(a) to the financial statements for details of that profitloss), and the net profit, after deducting hk$5.65 billion in profit after tax related to the change in the fair value of the investment property portfolio, amounted to hk$31.37 billion. in a complicated and rapidly changing market environment, the group successfully secured handsome profits through assets restructuring and disposals, to achieve an average return on shareholders funds of 17.1% in 2016.

in 2016, through accurate assessment of market developments, strategic and innovative sales and marketing measures, as well as leveraging the branding advantage of china overseas property, the target for contracted property sales, which was adjusted upwards to hk$210 billion in the middle of the year, was exceeded, setting another record high. total property sales (including sales by joint ventures and associates) amounted to hk$210.6 billion, while the corresponding area sold was 13.04 million sq m. projects (including joint ventures) amounting to 13.35 million sq m were completed in 2016. sales value of these projects, recognised as the groups revenue in 2016, amounted to hk$118.61 billion. sales of completed property projects as at the end of 2015 were satisfactory, reaching hk$41.28 billion for a total of 2.28 million sq m. as such, the revenue for the property development business of the group in 2016 amounted to hk$159.89 billion. segment profits attributable to property development business increased 10.9% to hk$46.94 billion.

six investment property projects were completed during the year, adding about 460,000 sq m of completed investment property to the group. the group also sold a few non-core investment properties. further, the citic assets acquisition added investment properties totalling 300,000 sq m. the group had a total of 2.50 million sq m in mainland china, hong kong, macau and london as at the end of the year.
the overall occupancy rate of the groups investment properties was satisfactory. the total rental income for the year was hk$2.14 billion, representing a year-onyear increase of 6.2%; profit for the segment amounted to hk$11.88 billion, which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to hk$7.72 billion (net fair value gain after deferred tax attributable to shareholders is hk$5.65 billion).
citic assets acquisition
on 14 march 2016 the company announced a major transaction, the citic assets acquisition, and this was completed six months later. the company issued shares to citic limited and sold a property portfolio to settle the 
citic limited has thus become a strategic and the secondlargest shareholder in the company. the board holds the view that cooperation between the parties will produce great synergy in business and investment opportunities on various fronts. the groups future business operations are expected to benefit significantly. this acquisition provides a good opportunity for the group to add to its land reserve in various major economic zones in china and will make a significant contribution to the groups development in the next few years, reinforcing the groups leading position in chinas property market. details of the acquisition, issuance of shares in the company and property sales can be found in the announcements made on 14 march and 15 september 2016, and the circular despatched on 30 june 2016.
in october 2016, the group agreed to conditionally sell its projects in several third-tier cities, including yangzhou, huizhou, huangshan, weifang, zibo, jiujiang and shantou,
to its associate cogo. this transaction was completed before end of the year. through this transaction, the group effectively dealt with the asset portfolio acquired from the parent company, china state construction engineering corporation limited (cscecl) and the citic assets acquisition, and cogo effectively reinforced its position as a leading property developer in chinas third-tier cities and increased its land reserve significantly. details of the sale of this property portfolio can be found in the circular released by cogo on 4 november 2016.
joint venture and associates
the group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint ventures and mergers and acquisitions. at the end of the year, the amount invested by the group in its joint ventures amounted to hk$15.94 billion. the profit contribution from joint ventures in 2016 was hk$780 million. cogo is the major associate of the group, focused on property business in third-tier cities in mainland china. in 2016, cogo recorded sales of hk$24.0 billion, revenue of hk$17.1 billion, and a net profit of hk$930 million. the group earned a net profit of about hk$340 million from cogo.

during the year, the group continued to closely monitor the land market and prudently acquire land. in response to the strong land market and taking account of an additional 31.55 million sq m of land resources relating to the citic assets acquisition, the group (excluding cogo) acquired 17 parcels of land in 13 cities in mainland china, and one parcel of land in hong kong, a total additional of 9.72 million sq m. as at the end of 2016, these land parcels in 33 mainland china cities, hong kong and macau provided a total area of 56.77 million sq m, with interest attributable to the group of 48.81 million sq m.
as of end of 2016, the cogo had a total land reserve of 17.74 million sq m (attributable interest of 16.53 million sq m).

adhering to prudent financial management, the group continued to enhance financial resources and optimise its debt structure. in mid-august 2016, during a lowrate window, the group issued a 10-year corporate bond with a value of rmb6.0 billion to take advantage of market conditions. the bond yield was 3.1%, the lowest in the industry for tenors of over 5 years. in 2016, the group drew down hk$45.24 billion in banking facilities.
total repayment of matured bank and other borrowings amounted to hk$60.26 billion. in addition, cash inflow from sales of about hk$177.20 billion was recorded for the year. the group had sufficient funds to meet its payment requirements and has accumulated a significant war chest of cash for future developments. the major expenditures of the group for 2016 were hk$49.77 billion for land premiums, hk$42.32 billion for construction costs, and hk$38.61 billion for tax, selling and distribution, administrative and finance expenses. as at the end of the year, outstanding bank and other borrowings and notes payable by the group were about hk$96.25 billion and about hk$77.57 billion respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately hk$157.16 billion; and the net gearing of the group had decreased significantly from 37.3% at the end of 2015 to a very low level of about 7.5%. the shareholders funds in the company increased to hk$222.25 billion at the end of the year. hence, the groups financial position has continued to strengthen. in 2016, the groups investment rankings were affirmed by moodys, standard & poors and fitch, at baa1stable, bbb+stable and a-stable
respectively, reflecting the capital markets recognition of the group in terms of its leadership in chinas property market and financial soundness.

the group continues to expand its operations and enter new cities. talented people are always in great demand. staff recruited through the sons of the sea and seas recruits schemes have developed quickly under the supervision of our staff. the groups ability to nurture talented people has been recognised by the industry. this is the source of the groups professional competence and competitive edge, and has become an important element in supporting the groups sustainable and stable development. staff integration after the citic assets acquisition was smoothly completed within a short period of time, demonstrating the effectiveness of the groups human resources personnel.

the board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the group to enhance value for shareholders. a high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. thus, the group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the groups businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. over the past two years, the group has consistently enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the groups internal controls and risk 
corporate social responsibility
the group is committed to exercising corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony as a good corporate citizen. the group has established a well-regulated, formal and branded system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community services.
the fourth corporate social responsibility report, focusing on the efforts and achievements of the group in this respect, was published during the year. the company is again a constituent stock of the hang seng corporate sustainability index. this reflects market recognition of the groups efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

the company was rated number one among best 10 of china real estate developers brand value. china overseas
property was acknowledged among the leading brands of china real estate companies for the 13th consecutive year, ranking first in the property sector with a brand value of rmb51.4 billion. for 13 years in a row, leveraging its excellent performance, the company has been voted the number one china blue chip real estate developer.
for the first time due to the excellent asset management capability, china overseas commercial properties ranked in the top three of the best 10 of china commercial real estate developers brand value. internationally, the group has been selected again as an index component of thedow jones sustainability indices (djsi), and is the only chinese company on the list of 38 real estate sustainability leaders, among 3,800 listed companies around the world being analysed this year.this demonstrates the excellent performance of the company in various respects. in 2016, china overseas property projects were, as usual, repeatedly recognised for their outstanding quality, design and 
it is expected that the global economy will not depart from the low growth trap. the biggest uncertainties in global economy lie in the new policies of us president trump to stimulate economic growth and the monetary policy of the us federal reserve. brexit may trigger a domino effect that threatens the unification of europe. trade protectionism and anti-globalism will directly impact new and emerging economies. as the worlds second largest economy, china has become an important driving force behind the reform of the global economy and economic governance. it is expected that the chinese government will continue to put in place active financial policies and stable monetary policies to deepen supply-side structural reform and ensure the steady growth of economy over the next few years. for most enterprises, 2017 will remain challenging. the group will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by any changes in the international economic environment.

in a complex and ever-changing market and political environment, the group achieved a satisfactory performance in 2016, amply demonstrating its excellent operational capability and brand advantages. the group is cautiously optimistic about chinas property market in 2017.
it is expected that policy regulation by the central chinese government will continue and that will ensure stable and healthy development of the property market. chinas property sales is expected to experience some resistance in the first half of 2017 as market consolidation accelerates, with the sector overall presenting both challenges and 
continued stable development in the hong kong and macau property markets is expected. the impact of rate increases in the us may not be significant, though increasing investment in hong kong property market by mainland china property developers will have some impact. the group will still seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in hong kong and macau. in the first two months of 2017, property sales of the group in hong kong and macau amounted to over hk$4 billion, while the cash return after netting off second mortgage reached hk$4.9 billion.

the group firmly follows the operational philosophy of seeking progress amid stability. operating under a trusted brand, and upholds pragmatism and integrity as its philosophy in going forward in a steady manner. the group has reached annual sales of hk$200 billion with net profits amounting to a high level of over hk$30 billion, the management will still strive to achieve steady improvement in its performance. chinas property market has entered a new era: limited supply of high quality land, decline in overall profits across the industry, fracturing of the market, increased centralisation of the industry, all indicate that only the fittest will survive. the group is deeply alert to the pressure and challenges brought about by this changing market and the industry competition associated with rapid growth in some industry players over the past two years.
the group, which is steeped in history and has experienced many economic cycles in china, hong kong and macau, recognises that each company must align its own capacity and resources with the external environment to find a suitable and sustainable approach after balancing its scale with shareholders returns, and opportunities with risks.
the group will consolidate and continue to seek to boost its competitiveness. in order to reinforce the elite image of china overseas property products in the mid- and highend segments, the group diligently assesses the needs and wants of its customers so that each project stands out and sets the benchmark for high-end products in its vicinity. in addition, the group will adapt to the movement toward market fragmentation, enter strategic cities and expand to neighbouring areas systematically in order to raise its market share and reinforce its industry-leading position. the group believes that there is much room for development in chinas property market, and will put more focus on mainland chinas property market in the future.
against the backdrop of increased consolidation of the mainland property market, the group will firmly pursue a multi-pronged development strategy. on one hand the group will continue to acquire land in the market, while on the other it will look for suitable targets for mergers and acquisitions, and will continue to establish joint ventures with strong partners and parties with land resources in order to support stable growth in this 13th five-year plan period.
sustainable project development
the group will closely monitor the market and appropriately control the pace of its project development and sales. by leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the group can improve its sales results and cash flow, and maximise the return on its assets. in order to ensure operational scale and sustainable growth in profits and after taking account of market conditions, it is planned that in 2017, the group will commence development of an additional area of over 19 million sq m, bringing the total area under development to a peak of over 33 million sq m. the group will strive to have projects (including the joint ventures) with area of over 13.5 million sq m completed and contracted sales (including joint ventures and associates) of not less than hk$210 
better business structure
the group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element, and commercial property development in a supplemental role.
it will balance the allocation of resources for long-term and short-term investment, and gradually increase its weighting on investment property in order to obtain stable long-term returns and enhance its capability to balance market risk.
as the profit margin in chinas property market continues to drop, an over-expansion of property development scale may gradually invite disproportionate risks. hence increasing the proportion of profits from investment property is a longterm goal for the group. as at end of this year, the total area of commercial property under development or yet to be developed by the group amounted to about 4.40 million sq m. about 1.20 million sq m of this area will be completed by the end of 2018.
multi-channel and diversified means
for land replenishment the group will take into account its financial strength and market conditions, to maintain an appropriately expansionary scale of investment. through active cooperation with various entities in the cscecl group and other organisations with land resources and also involvement in the redevelopment of shanty-towns and transformation of cities, the group can replenish its land reserve through various measures.
the reduced liquidity in china is conducive to the acquisition of land by property developers with strong financial resources. during the first two months of 2017, the group acquired 11 land parcels in nine cities, a total area of 3 million sq m.
prudent financial management
the group will continue to enhance its financial management capability, adhere to prudent financial management, and stick firmly to the principle of cash is king, receipts determine payments. the group will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms onshore and offshore.
to ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business development, the group will speed up asset turnover, improve its debt structure, and enhance its ability to protect its resources. taking into consideration the weakened renminbi, the group will endeavour to improve the currency profile of its debt, mainly by rapidly reducing nonrenminbi debts and increasing non-renminbi assets.

after a rather long period of rapid growth, chinas economy has adjusted to a period of steadier growth. following more than a decade of rapid expansion, chinas property market has similarly entered a new era. the board is of the view that the china property market has ample room for development and is also confident of the groups prospects and capabilities. the coming year, 2017, is expected to be complex and changeable, based on the global and local political and economic environments.
the group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of exercise caution in details and implementation.
build a strong foundation to seek greater success. with its solid foundation, worldwide vision and exposure, correct development strategies, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through consistent innovation. the group is confident that it can resolve risks and rise to the challenge and seek progress amid stability.
the board expects that the china property market to remain stable in the next few years and the company can achieve sustainable and steady growth.

the group continues to endeavour to develop into an evergreen enterprise. the group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, motivation of staff, and a good working atmosphere. the group is committed to aligning individual success with the core values of the long-term development of the group by maintaining integrity, creativity, pragmatism and perfection. the ultimate goal is an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the group, its shareholders, business associates, staff and the community.

last but not least, i would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to the management team and other staff members of the group for their dedication and hard work, our shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and to my fellow directors for their valuable advice.
by order of the board china overseas land & investment limited 
hong kong, 22 march 2017 