on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of the company, i present to the shareholders the annual report of the company and its subsidiaries (collectively the group) for the year ended 31 
in 2016, the chinese economy made remarkable progress and the supply side reform started delivering solid results in elimination of overcapacity industry, destocking in property, deleveraging in financing and reduction of corporate cost. the expected economic growth rate was reached and gross domestic product (gdp) increased by 6.7% year-on-year.
2016 marked a turning point for the group. the group continued to engage in three main businesses, namely culture and media services, property development and corporate it application services through dadi media, nan hai development and sino-i, and made breakthroughs in various aspects benefitting from proper strategic directions and solid experiences. in particular, phase 3 of the peninsula in shenzhen was launched for sale in april 2016 and achieved remarkable sales results. dadi cinema successfully issued convertible and exchangeable bonds with an aggregate principal amount of rmb1 billion to alibaba pictures group limited (alibaba pictures), and the investment value of such convertible and exchangeable bonds is initially recognized within the market.
in addition to consolidating its existing three main businesses to achieve more outstanding performance, the group will step up its efforts in establishing the businesses of new media and innovative business as the new growth points of nan hai within the next few years.
as a result of the breakthroughs in operations, the group achieved outstanding financial performance, in particular a significant increase in operating profits as compared with last year, and since then the profit structure of the group underwent fundamental changes. turnover of the group for the year increased by approximately 112.3% to hk$8,915.6 million (2015: hk$4,200.1 million). net profit attributable to owners of the company was hk$1,359.6 million (2015: hk$238.9 million). the increase in profit was mainly due to the increase in revenue driven by the recognition of part of the sales income of phase 3 the peninsula property project of the group during the year.
culture and media services
the group believes that culture and information play a vital role in the global economy and are regarded as chinas sunrise industry with huge development potential. over the last decade, the dynamic growth in chinas movie industry starting back in 2004 has been benefitting from the equally remarkable boom in cinema construction in china. the initial achievement of dadi cinema is a testament to the successful capitalization of this opportunity.
nowadays, as movie-goers are satisfied with the basic viewing experience, chinas film industry is required to effect an upgrading in terms of exhibition, distribution and production, which will certainly create tremendous business opportunities. dadi media will once again have a good grasp of such opportunities. while we strive to reinforce our strong position in the film exhibition market and diversify our profitability, we will spare no effort to lay the groundwork for distribution and content products and map out the crucial deployment for content industry.
dadi cinema fully implemented the film+ strategy in 2016.
through big data analysis and adhering to its established platform, dadi cinema expanded into upstream business and formed alliance across different industries. it was intended to make innovative breakthroughs, integrate all kind of resources and enhance cross-industry collaboration with movie culture groups accumulated for years as the core, with a view to creating an ecosystem of theatre experience integrated with diversified operation of film + innovative internet, film + innovative retail as well as film + innovative catering, while deepening its relationship with movie culture groups to explore their consumption capabilities of quality life to the full extent. in 2016, the concept of film+ innovative culture was added to film+ strategy to fulfill the pursuit of quality life of the general public, aiming at creating an interactive cultural and entertainment platform inside the movie showing space and offer more cultural contents to its audience in future. meanwhile, dadi cinema has been continuously improving the quality of movie showing and adopted star max, a gigantic laser screen owned by dadi cinema, in 2016, providing audience with first-rated viewing experience. leveraging on its strength in scalability and capability of integrating various operations, in 2016, dadi cinema proposed the idea of marketing integration in the ecosystem of cinema operation, emphasizing an environment-oriented marketing strategy and initiating the deployment of spectacular diorama in cinemas for the purpose of enhancing the advertising value of cinemas. thanks to this strategy, dadi cinema recorded impressive growth in advertising income in 2016. the group believes that the trend looks set to continue.
the diversified operation ecosystem and the diversified film culture actively developed by dadi cinema has successfully attracted a member base comprising tens of millions of audience and consumers, making dadi media an important enterprise in chinas movie industry with a say. with a long-term and well-defined strategy as well as a stable execution team with strong capability and serious attitude, dadi media has received acclaim and cohesion from chinas film industry corresponding with its market position, promising dadi media a solid foundation for tapping into the content industry.
the group is of the view that given the advancement of digital media and the application of internet, the way of showing contents will experience ongoing integration while audience division will coexist with such integration. quality content products are the essential driver behind the cultural creative industries. the ownership of creative intellectual property rights (especially the copyrights of literary and artistic creations) that is the source of creation and the extensive cooperation with the creative entities that may give rise to a win-win situation can safeguard the sustainable development of an enterprise of cultural creation. dadi media has accumulated a substantial base of movie-goers and our distribution business has also established a solid foundation over the years with positive results. in 2016, we opened up a more diverse channel for film selection and purchase, breaking the business limitation that used to confine us to distribution as an agent and leading to a presence in the upstream content business.
during the year, investment in and production of movies, tv drama series and animation films as well as the related licensing business commenced in full swing. we have built long-term cooperation relationship with a number of established or start-up creative entities, striving to create a quality operating environment with sustainability. at the same time, dadi media (hk) limited and its subsidiaries (dadi film) under dadi media has raised initial funds of approximately rmb120 million through a film investment fund jointly promoted with oriental bangxin venture investment company limited, which will provide substantial financial support for developing dadi medias content business.
the cinema construction segment of china has maintained its rapid development in recently years. competition among cinemas has becomes increasingly keen. demand for management informatization of cinema and quality of film exhibition has become higher. third party online ticketing has taken the dominance. to adapt to market changes, ( ) (oristar technology (hk) limited) and its subsidiaries (collectively as oristar, a member of the group), being one of the top six providers of ticketing system in china, has optimized product structure and enriched product features, especially the significant enhancement of the online interconnection of the ticketing system.
since its establishment and up to 31 december 2016, products developed by oristar were widely applied in cinemas over 30 provinces in china and attracted extensive customer resources. the integrated cinema system has provided technical solutions for more than 2,600 cinema halls, and has provided technical services for 670 cinemas, accelerating the promotion of digital film in china and enhancing the viewing experience for over 1 billion audiences.

the real estate market of china was volatile in 2016. with surging property prices frequently hitting record high during the first half of 2016, policies on curbing the rapidly climbing housing price was implemented in first-tier cities, yet these policies were relatively scientific, it is expected that such policies will help stabilise the development in the market instead of resulting in excessive volatility. certain second-tier and most of the third-tier cities were still under intense pressure on inventory. destocking and promotion of consumption would still be the main focus in the property 
according to the research on industry development trends, the group believes that in the medium and long term, chinas real estate market will gradually enter a brand new stage of development. the markets requirements for product quality and operational efficiency of the property development companies will be increased rapidly. this will accelerate the survival of the fittest and the chinas real estate market will gradually get to a healthy and orderly track of development. based on the judgement on this trend, nan hai development, a subsidiary of the group, constantly upheld its business philosophy of quality first for its long term development. while striving for enhancing operation and management ability, it also laid foundations for sustainable 
during the year, the development of two flagship property projects of the group, namely the peninsula in shenzhen and the free man garden in guangzhou, continued to roll out in an orderly manner and received outstanding sales results. combined with a series of advantages such as the opening of taizi bay cruise center, the apples research and development center settling in shekou, being located at the economic hub of west shenzhen bay, phase 3 of the peninsula was well received by the market after the launch of sales in mid-2016, bringing more life and energy into the area and enhancing the living standard and internationalization of shekou. given the further increase in housing price in guangzhou, nan hai development adjusted and increased the ownership percentage of the free man gardenproject. as at 31 december 2016, the company which owns the free man garden in guangzhou became a wholly-owned subsidiary of nan hai 
corporate it application services
in the past decade, sino-i remained adamant about providing corporate it application services for smes in china and promoting the development of its internet+. thanks to its unremitting efforts, sino-i has successfully established a second-to-none national business and services network in the industry, so as to solve the last kilometer problems between service providers and corporate clients. in the meantime, in respect of product development, the company has successfully launched a series of leading corporate it application services in the industry after long term exploration and promotion.
the coming 10 years will be the golden 10 years for corporate internet applications. to grasp this historic opportunity, the group is dedicated to establish an internet+ industry ecosystem for smes in china by leveraging on its advantages established over the years, such as substantial resources, core competencies and extensive operating experience in the enterprise market, thereby becoming a fresh driver of industrial transformation and upgrading with information technology in china.
the companys management is of the opinion that smes will continue to commit more resources to the development of internet+. although additional time is required for the market cultivation and promotion, corporate it application services will be presented with enormous market opportunities. sino-i will continue to focus on the development of corporate it application services through its key subsidiaries, namely (ce dongli technology company limited) (ce dongli) and (beijing xinnet cyber information company 
with 17 years experience in providing services for smes in china, ce dongli has launched a corporate digitized intelligent operating platform, providing one-stop shop services and internet+ solutions for smes through its extensive business and services network. xinnet continued its internet-based services such as domain name registration business, cloud computing business and synergistic communication business, and actively developed various internet applications and value-added services for smes in china through online direct sales and distributor channels established across the nation.
development of new businesses

adhering to its philosophy of investing in those industries which are beneficial to human intelligence, the group tapped into the media field by establishing dadi news media in 2015, striving to build new media with innovative models so as to assist in social reform and advancement by upholding its own ideas and beliefs. currently, the businesses of dadi news media include hk01 and duowei media, making progress in its operations. based in hong kong, hk01 has now developed into a new media with over 550 employees. hk01 strived to establish a media dissemination platform to create new interactive experience for its readers. as a brand new advocacy media, hk01 dedicated to take shape and provide full services for its readers through multimedia platform and internet application services, namely its website, weekly magazine and physical premise. duowei media includes two major media, namely duowei monthly magazine and duowei website. duowei monthly magazines are sold in different places in the asia-pacific region.

following the commencement of film+ strategy of dadi cinema, expansion work for the innovation commercial business of the group has been kicked off. among which, the retail business and catering business commenced gradually. as for its retail business, the group completed the acquisition of crabtree & evelyn, an uk skincare brand during the year. as an internationally renowned brand with a long history, crabtree & evelyn operates more than 250 stores in 12 countries around the world. crabtree & evelyn is in the process of comprehensive integration and will be introduced to the chinese market when opportunities materialize. as for its catering business, dadi catering (hk) limited (dadi catering) took the lead to introduce a new culinary culture based on the consolidation of the concept of light, lively and fresh and cinema 
year 2016 marked the entering of new stage of development of the group which led the group into a new era. the group is optimistic about chinas macroeconomy and the future development of such industries as culture and media services, property development, corporate it application services, media and retailing, and is confident that it can achieve better performance in 2017.
in the coming year, the group will continue to vigorously develop its three main businesses, i.e. culture and media services, property development and corporate it application services, by adhering to its diversified core business strategy. the group will be committed to pursuing the entire industry chain layout of the film industry through membership management and integration of online and offline operation. the group will continue to carry out precise marketing campaigns to members and cinema users through big data analysis and perfect the outline of its interactive advertising systems. it will continue to enhance its strengths in cinema terminals and distribution channels, further promote investment in and production of contents to cater different audience with a view to establishing a platform covering entertainment and culture. it will also speed up the development process of the existing property projects, while striving for the exploration of new property projects; and will further improve its operation and management level of corporate it application services to lay solid foundation for new businesses. in the meantime, the group will spare no efforts to foster its media business and innovative business so as to facilitate resource sharing and strategic synergy in cross-business fields, striving to establish them as the new growth points of the group. in addition to creating greater value for its shareholders, the group will consolidate its foundation for sustainable development in the medium and long run. last but not least, i would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support, and also to the board, executive committee and all staff of the company for their dedication and contribution.
yu pun hoi

hong kong, 14 march 2017 