chairman s statement mr wong siu kong chairman and chief executive officer on behalf of the board, i am delighted to report the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2015.
the group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2015, before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties, was hk$3,481 million, representing a decrease of 21% compared with hk$4,384 million reported for 2014. profit attributable to shareholders for the year, after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties, was hk$5,530 million (2014: hk$6,774 million).
earnings per share for the year were hk$3.83, down 18% compared with hk$4.69 per share as recorded in 2014.
the board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of hk$0.6 per share for the year. together with the interim dividend of hk$0.3 per share, the total cash dividend for the year ended 31 december 2015 will be hk$0.9 per share (2014: hk$0.9 per share).
embracing the new economic reality the business environment is characterized by a number of downside risks and by the slowing of china s economy.
the group is facing these challenges with both confidence and a pragmatic approach. benefitting from sound management and a strong brand, the group achieved another set of satisfactory results for the year.
to ensure stable growth, enterprises must manage economic cycles with a long-term vision. although a slowdown in the property market, and indeed the overall economy of china, has sparked concerns, the country remains an important growth engine for the world. a deceleration after a prolonged period of rapid growth has become the inevitable new normal for the chinese economy. in the overall context of sustainable development, a slower pace of growth will have a positive impact on the environment and on the structural reform of the industrial sector. this in turn will help streamline capacity while enhancing the management and quality of production, which will be beneficial to china s economic growth in the long term.
policy support and pragmatic operation strategies over the past year, the central government has actively adjusted its policies to drive the structural reform of the economy. measures have been implemented to ease oversupply and to redress market dislocation. to provide further policy support to the property sector, the government has relaxed certain control measures, including the lowering of minimum down-payment requirements for first-time home buyers in cities that do not have restrictions on purchases. in september 2015, the people s bank of china lowered the down-payment requirement to 25%, to be followed by a further reduction to 20% in february 2016. through these moves, the government is sending a positive signal that it will continue to implement policies to help the sector navigate an oversupplied market.
over recent months, housing prices in the prc have moderated to more reasonable levels, and the oversupply situation has eased. overall sales remain steady, with mild growth recorded since the fourth quarter of 2015. the hong kong housing market also shows signs of softening, but the luxury sector continues to register healthy prices and sales, in particular for projects on hong kong island where an undersupply is in evidence. we will continue to operate our business in a pragmatic manner in response to market changes.
the group will continue with the sales of its residential projects in hangzhou, tianjin, putian in fujian, shenyang, ningbo and nanjing, as well as with the bloomsway, so kwun wat, tuen mun and mantin heights in ho man tin.
these two exclusively located residential projects in hong kong will offer more than 2,500 units in total, and are expected to deliver satisfactory sales revenue to the group.
strengthening our foundation and competitive advantage the group focuses on developing premier mixed-use properties in central locations of major cities, building a solid investment asset base that places the group in a leading position in the market.
leveraging the strength of its professional management, the group is able to maintain a strong brand and advantageous market position. to enhance the value of our metropolitan mixed-use projects, we will continue to strengthen their operations and management. at the same time, we are actively adjusting our retail space and tenant composition in accordance with market conditions. together with our tenants, we continue to overcome economic challenges and enhance long-term returns for the group.
actively pursuing business development looking ahead, our business development momentum will remain robust. our expansion plan for the prc is highlighted by our new development in qianhai. in january 2015, the group won a bid for a site in qianhai for the development of a landmark mixed-use project. this new project will be designed to fully capitalize on the site s core seafront location.
in addition to the qianhai project, the group will also pursue other investment opportunities in first-tier cities in the prc as well as in hong kong.
working towards sustainable development in tandem with our overall business growth, we are also committed to the sustainable development of society as a whole. in september 2015, the group was honoured to be selected as a constituent member of the hang seng corporate sustainability benchmark index in recognition of our social, environmental and corporate governance performance. the group s inclusion in the index reflects our commitment to promoting sustainability.
our achievements in environmental stewardship and corporate social responsibility are benchmarked to international standards. shenzhen kerry plaza has received the highest platinum rating for leadership in energy & environmental design (leed) existing buildings from the u.s. green building council. globally, only 3% of leed certifications are awarded the top rating. shenzhen kerry plaza is the first leed platinum project in its category in the metropolis. as a major proponent of green buildings and sustainable design and using shenzhen kerry plaza as a model, the group will continue to drive the adoption of appropriate environmental standards in both current and future projects.
the group was also privileged to be conferred with the hong kong green awards green management award (corporate) for the sixth consecutive year, as well as being recognized in the first metro awards for eco- business . these awards gave great encouragement to our staff teams who have made such creditable efforts in green procurement, management and governance. i would like to take this opportunity to congratulate our colleagues on their important work, and to express our gratitude for their devotion to our sustainability goals.
together with our staff members, we pledge to extend our green mission to all aspects of our business.
adding a new dimension to management the group has undertaken a major reform of our internal systems since last year. to support the group s expansion into different districts in the prc, we now manage our operations concurrently by geographical district and line of expertise. through this dual management system, we aim to consolidate and share resources within the group, and thereby achieve a new level of standardized, professional management. by adding this new dimension to our multifaceted management, we are able to ensure the efficiency and quality of our work, placing us on a stronger footing to cope with future challenges. we will continue to enhance our internal systems through the development of talents and the use of web-based technology.
property development is a pillar industry that has a profound impact on domestic economies and people s welfare.
we have therefore set our sights on long-term sustainable growth, whilst remaining prepared for short-term cyclical fluctuations. we will maintain resilience throughout economic cycles and we will seek to grow further by taking advantage of short-term market instabilities.
with the joint efforts of the members of the board, senior management team, our business partners and colleagues, the group has achieved remarkable progress over the past year. i am deeply grateful for their contributions.

wong siu kong chairman and chief executive officer hong kong, 18 march 2016 