i am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 december 2008 to the shareholders.

total revenues for the year ended 31 december 2008 increased by 87.2% to rmb7,154.5 million, compared with the same period last year. revenues from our internet value-added services increased by 95.5% to rmb 4,915.0 million.
revenues from our mobile and telecommunications value-added services increased by 73.2% to rmb1,399.0 million and revenues from online advertising increased by 67.5% to rmb826.0 million.

the group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the company for the year ended 31 december 2008 was rmb2,784.6 million, an increase of 77.8% compared with the results for the year ended 31 december 2007. basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 december 2008 were rmb1.552 and rmb1.514 respectively.

tencent holdings limited annual report 2008 chairman s statement
business review and outlook
2008 was another exciting year for the internet market in china. according to china internet network information center, total number of internet users in china reached 298 million at the end of 2008, representing a year-on-year growth of 42%. while china has already surpassed the us and become the largest internet market in the world by number of users, its internet penetration was only 23% at the end of 2008. this is significantly lower than that for developed markets, reflecting that china is still a nascent market with strong potential for future growth. more importantly, internet has increasingly become an indispensable part of everyday life for people in china, thanks to the increasing adoption of broadband and mobile internet connectivity as well as the emergence of a broad range of applications that allow people to stay in touch with each other, to get entertained, to get access to information and to conduct business transactions.

for tencent, 2008 was a year of challenges and opportunities. the sichuan earthquake shocked the whole nation and we immediately took action to play an active role in the reporting and relief of the tragedy, as well as orchestrated the largest ever online donation in china. during the beijing olympics, one of the most historically important events for china in recent history, we demonstrated solid execution and teamwork across the whole company, resulting in record- breaking traffic and top positioning in terms of reach and unique users for olympic-related content. our involvement and the significant impact generated in these key social events have undoubtedly enhanced our position and influence as a major media in china. towards the end of 2008, financial markets worldwide were severely impaired by the financial tsunami which originated from the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the us. as financial markets experienced volatilities unseen in recent history, financial assets depreciated across the board and credit shrank. the financial tsunami quickly degenerated into a global recession. there are increasing signs that the chinese economy is also slowing down. while it is difficult to assess the ultimate impact of the global recession, we believe the value of the internet as an enabling technology that enhances efficiency and saves costs for people and its long-term prospect will remain intact. we also believe that our diversified business model puts us in a more resilient position compared to many other industries. for example, our internet and mobile value-added services, which are characterized by user- paid small ticket consumption items, are relatively less vulnerable to an economic downturn. nevertheless, we are not immune to the global economic crisis. our online advertising business has already been affected by the downturn towards the end of the fourth quarter when advertisers reduced their spending under a worsening economic environment. as we have just started to experience the rippling effect of the global recession on china, we believe that the negative impact on our advertising business will be substantial in 2009 and it is very difficult to predict the timing of recovery. facing a more challenging environment, we have been controlling our expenses and managing our risks rigorously. at the same time, we are committed to making necessary investments in our business such that we can take advantage of the downturn to enhance our market position and emerge as an even stronger company when the macroeconomic environment improves.

in 2008, tencent delivered strong financial and operating results, leveraging our diversified, platform-based business model which is unique in china s internet market. during the year, our internet value-added services ( ivas ) and wireless business grew significantly. meanwhile, our online advertising business also registered healthy full-year growth, although experiencing negative pressure towards the end of the year. for the fourth quarter of 2008, we experienced incremental growth in our ivas business despite negative seasonality, on the back of the rising popularity of our online games and qq membership. our wireless business also grew during the quarter, driven by our bundled sms packages and mobile games. our online advertising business was affected by the economic downturn as our customers became cautious on advertising spending. looking into the first quarter of 2009, we expect to see a more favorable seasonality for our ivas business, especially for online games, as a result of winter break for students and the chinese new year holidays. on the other hand, our online advertising business would face severe pressure as more and more advertisers scale down or delay their spending under a worsening economic environment. in addition, the first quarter is generally a seasonally weak quarter as advertising activities slow around chinese new year holidays.

tencent holdings limited annual report 2008 chairman s statement
in 2008, our core im platform continued to grow, further consolidating our position as the largest im platform in china.
active users increased by 25.4% on a year-on-year basis to 376.6 million at the end of 2008 and peak concurrent users ( pcu ) registered a 37.7% growth to 49.7 million at the end of 2008. during the year, we continued to improve the user experience of our im platform through enhancing user security, software performance and functionalities. we are working on a major upgrade to improve the architecture and customizability of our im service based on different needs of our significant user base. we also focus on maximizing the user stickiness and overall user value by enhancing the integration between our im platform and other key products, especially our qzone and qqmail services.

the year saw our portal qq.com further solidify its position as the most visited internet portal in china with significant growth in traffic as a result of our continuing effort in improving the quality and comprehensiveness of our content.
the extensive and timely coverage of major social events by qq.com during the year has also enhanced its influence as a mainstream online media. for instance, in the second quarter of 2008, qq.com played an important role in the reporting and relief of the earthquake in sichuan. during the tragic event, we provided the most comprehensive and up-to-date coverage to our users, to assist people in the affected region to communicate with their relatives and friends, and to orchestrate the largest ever online donation in china which raised more than rmb23 million from over 300,000 users. during the beijing olympics in august 2008, qq.com acted as the focal point in integrating our various internet platforms, including our qzone and wap portal, and provided a comprehensive coverage of the event that included live video broadcast and on-demand video clips, live interviews of 26 chinese gold medalists and more than 100,000 news articles. as a result of our efforts, content traffic of qq.com reached a record-breaking 1.1 billion page views a day during the event. based on a survey conducted by ac nielson, qq.com claimed the no. 1 spot in terms of reach and unique users during the beijing olympics.

during the year, we continued to invest in enhancing the brand and awareness of qq.com through a series of advertising campaigns and sponsorship events. in april 2008, we signed up as the exclusive internet service sponsor to the 2010 world exposition in shanghai. we believe that our involvement in this important event would further reinforce our market position and further enhance media influence of qq.com.

internet value-added services for our non-game ivas, qq membership grew strongly during the year as we continued to build user loyalty and stickiness with enhanced functionalities and bundled privileges. we are seeking opportunities to extend this service offline to include privileges for lifestyle products. qzone registered significant growth in 2008 and consolidated its position as the largest social networking service ( sns ) platform in china. at the end of 2008, it had 150.1 million active users, representing a year-on-year growth of 42.3%. during the year, we launched a major upgrade to qzone, enhancing its functionality and interactivity. new applications have also been added to deepen interaction among users. in addition, xiaoyou, a real-name sns service, was officially launched in january 2009 to target the needs of university students with enhanced features. for qq show, the transition from item sale to monthly subscription was completed in 2008. this new business model has been successful in increasing user activity and loyalty as well as reducing seasonal volatility. for qq pets, we focused on the long-term overhaul of the product, platform and user experience in 2008. a new multi-player community model, which will enhance cross interaction among users, is being developed and will be launched in 2009.

tencent holdings limited annual report 2008 chairman s statement
for online gaming, after years of planning and execution, we have started to reap the benefits of our strategy of building a diversified product portfolio leveraging the advantage of our massive online platform. in 2008, we launched a range of popular mmogs and advanced casual games, which not only made a significant contribution to the robust growth of our online gaming business, but also significantly enhanced tencent s standing in the online gaming industry. qq game, the largest mini-casual game portal in china, continued to grow in both usage and monetization, with pcu growing 23.7% year-on-year to 4.7 million at the end of 2008. for mmog, we launched a blockbuster game, dungeon and fighter ( dnf ), in june 2008. its pcu reached 1.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 and exceeded 1.5 million in the first quarter of 2009. on the other hand, we have reduced the monetization of qq sanguo to ensure its long-term sustainability. qq fantasy has showed signs of maturity and will be revamped with expansion packs. for advanced casual games, we launched a number of new titles in 2008, including cross fire, qq speed and qq dancer, all of which were well received by the market.

we believe our platform strategy differentiates us from stand-alone pure-play companies. our leading internet and mini-casual game platforms were very effective in attracting new gamers, retaining existing gamers and encouraging them to recommend games they are playing to their friends. in addition, our extensive experiences of both development and operation of successful games across the mini-casual, advanced casual and mmog categories give us a unique ability to diversify our pipeline in an otherwise hit-drive industry. the successful launch of games across a broad range of genres during the year demonstrated the significant advantage of our platform strategy as well as our strong execution capabilities. we will continue to leverage our core strengths to launch attractive games through a combination of self-development, licensing and investments, despite lower margins of licensed games. our preliminary pipeline includes three mmogs and one advanced casual game for 2009 as well as up to six mmogs for the first half mobile and telecommunications value-added services our wireless business registered strong growth in 2008 as the operating environment became more favorable. during the year, we continued to grow our wireless internet platforms as extensions of existing internet applications. our wap portal consolidated its position as the leading wireless portal in china with strong growth in traffic. our bundled sms packages and mobile gaming services also registered significant growth. in addition, we won the bid in august 2008 to build the national wap web portal for china telecom, reflecting our experience and expertise in wireless data services. looking ahead, while the launch of 3g networks and more affordable data packages by telecom operators will stimulate the growth of wireless data services, we remain cautious on the regulatory environment as the telecom sector is in the midst of transition. we will seek to create more value for our users and maintain a close relationship with all telecom operators in order to position us for longer term growth.

tencent holdings limited annual report 2008 chairman s statement
our online advertising business achieved healthy full-year growth in 2008 despite negative pressure towards the end of the year, leveraging our leading and diversified internet platforms. during the year, we continued to promote tencent mind (measurability, interactivity, navigation and differentiation) as a framework for advertisers to increase the effectiveness of their online advertising campaigns. building on our success in online gaming, food and beverage and apparel industries, we are beginning to make inroads into other major industry segments including automobile and it products. we also benefited from the qq.com branding campaign which has enhanced the recognition of the strengths of our internet platforms among advertisers. looking forward, the global recession is causing unprecedented pressure and uncertainties on the online advertising market. while we remain confident on the long-term prospect of the industry, we believe 2009 will be a very challenging year for our online advertising business. we will be very vigilant in serving our clients, especially in more resilient advertising segments, including food and beverages, apparels and online gaming. we will continue to cautiously make investments in our sales organization, technology platform, content, branding and relationship with advertisers to position ourselves well when growth returns to the market.

the board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of hkd0.25 per share (2007: hkd0.16) for the year ended 31 december 2008 and a special dividend of hkd0.10 per share to celebrate the tenth year anniversary of the group, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the company to be held on 13 may 2009. such proposed dividends will be payable on 27 may 2009 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the company on 13 may 2009.

on behalf of the board, i would like to thank all our employees for their efforts, dedication and commitment, all of which contributed to the growth of the group, as well as our shareholders for their continuous support and confidence in our group.

