in 2016, the prc real estate market witnessed slowdown after a robust surge. in the first half of the year, reduction of inventory policies implemented by the central government fuelled the general real estate industry to remain at high level with surge in both sales volume and price of commercial residential buildings in first-tier and core second-tier cities. with more efforts placed on regulating the real estate market and the implementation of city-oriented policies in the second half of the year by the central government, both the sales volume and price of commercial residential buildings have generally become stabilised. with the regulatory approach of implementing city-oriented policies by the central government, it is expected that the regional differentiation of the real estate market between first-and-second-tier cities and third-and-fourth-tier cities in the prc will gradually be alleviated in 2017. the demand for commercial residential buildings in first-tier cities and core second-tier cities will still be keen, and the reduction of inventory process for commercial residential buildings in third-and-fourth-tier cities will accelerate.
market environment and operation analysis

1. overview of the economic environment in 2016, the overall chinas economy has been steady and outperformed expectations. the gross domestic product for the year was rmb74,412.7 billion, which grew by 6.7% as compared to that of last year. disposable income per capita of urban households was rmb33,616, representing a growth of 7.8% from the same period last year.
the current domestic and foreign environment is complicated with numerous uncertainties, where the conflicts between sluggish domestic demand and excessive production capacity were still prominent, thus exerting pressure on downward economic adjustments. china central economic works conference emphasised that the tenor of policies for 2017 would be promoting advancement with stability. anchored on enhancing development quality and efficiency while adhered to fostering structural reform on the supply side, moderate expansion of overall demand as well as in-depth and innovative moves would be launched to foster stable and healthy economic development.
2. overview of real estate market the prc real estate market witnessed slowdown after a robust surge in 2016. in the first half of the year, reduction of inventory policies implemented by the central government fuelled the general real estate industry to remain at high level with surge in both sales volume and price of commercial residential buildings in first-tier and core second-tier cities.
with more efforts placed on regulating the real estate market and the implementation of city-oriented policies in the second half of the year by the central government, both the sales volume and price of commercial residential buildings have generally become stabilised. pressure of reduction of inventory in real estate market still existed throughout the year while risks accumulated in core cities, making it more difficult to make adjustments. in 2016, the investment in real estate development nationwide amounted to rmb10,258.1 billion, representing a year-onyear increase of 6.9%; the paid-in investment of real estate developers was rmb14,421.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.2%; the sales area of commercial residential buildings sold nationwide reached 1,573.49 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5%; the sales of commercial residential buildings nationwide amounted to rmb11,762.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.8%; the area of land purchased by real estate developers was 220.25 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.4%.
under the background of downward pressure in macro-economy and continuous high level of inventory in the real estate industry, the central governments macro-economic policy retained its focus on stability and aimed to keep economic growth and stable employment by implementing differentiated and refined regulatory measures. increasingly prudent price controls and real estate loan policies were adopted by the central government in popular cities, while preferential policies were implemented in most of the third-and-fourth-tier cities which had inventory pressure, so as to adjust supply and accelerate the reduction of inventory process in the property market.
china central economic works conference placed focus on the real estate industry, and determined the fundamentals for real estate industry development positioning, monetary and credit policies, land supply policy, sustainable development mechanism and reduction of inventory.
the central government supports reasonable credit demand; adjusts short-term market demand and supply by efficient land supply; establishes a sustainable mechanism which is in line with the national situation and adapts to the market rules by comprehensively using various means in terms of finance, land, investment and legislation; combines reduction of inventory and population urbanisation; mega cities shall edge up efforts on mediating some of their functions on fuelling the development of medium and small cities in the surroundings. with the principle of continuous advancement of supply-side structural reform and the economy tenor based on steadiness with breakthrough, the group expects the real estate market in the prc will develop in a sustainable and stable manner.

1. eastern china in 2016, 21% of the groups revenues were attributable to eastern china. for the year of 2016, shanghais economy was progressing steadily, with gdp of the city amounting to rmb2,746.6 billion, which grew by 6.8% in comparable prices; disposable income per capita of urban and rural permanent residents increased by 8.9% and 10.0% respectively as compared to 2015. shanghai has long been an influential world-class city with stable commodity prices, employment rate, economic growth and market sales.
after witnessing a surge of both sales volume and price in shanghai real estate market in the first half of 2016, the government introduced regulatory policies in the second half of the year, hence leading to a significant decline in market transaction volume. it is expected that the real estate market of shanghai and the entire yangtze river delta region will still be the primary region imposed with the governments regulatory measures in 2017.
in 2016, the group continued to place shanghai in eastern china region as its strategic centre. through means such as projects consolidation and regional management division, cluster effect was created, thus realising the strategy of radiating outward in every direction and achieving the interactive linkage effect in the whole eastern china region.
2. northern china currently, the groups headquarter is located in beijing. the groups main value development belt in northern china, with influence over major cities in huanbohai economic zone, anchors on beijing with tianjin assuming the supporting role. in 2016, 45% of the groups revenues were attributable to northern china.
on top of being the capital of china, beijing, the political, economic and cultural centre of the country, is also a city of great prominence in the whole asia and the world. judging from its development in recent years, beijing will be the definite centre for the whole northern china region with integrated development to attain the unification of the whole region of beijing, tianjin and hebei.
in 2016, bejings economy developed steadily, with gdp amounting to rmb2,489.9 billion, representing an increase of 6.7% in comparable prices; disposable income per capita of urban households grew by 8.4% to rmb57,275 as compared to the same period last year.
as the largest export and import sea port city in the northern region and northern china, tianjin is one of the important economic centres of the huanbohai economic zone. the future plan on integration of beijingtianjin-hebei led by the government will foster the overall economic development of tianjin, which provides an prosperous outlook for its economic development. the groups early development in tianjin can be said to have great prospects, and it is expected that the value of tianjin city will as well be gradually unleashed in near term.
3. southern china for southern china, the group positioned guangzhou city and huizhou city as two core value drivers which extended into other regions with rapid economic growth, such as zhongshan and foshan, by relying on the upward adjustment trend in guangzhou-shenzhen regional market.
the group has engaged in project development in the region with advanced operation and management strategies. in 2016, 34% of the groups revenues were attributable to southern china.
guangzhou is a core city of the country, a world-renowned port region as well as the integrated transportation hub of china, and processes great development potential. in 2016, guangzhous regional gdp of the year amounted to rmb1,961.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.2%. by maintaining steady growth in overall economy, guangzhou still managed to maintain its leading position in the country in terms of overall competitiveness. such situation has continuously enhanced the living conditions and thus fuelled the healthy development of the real estate market in guangzhou.
prospects of chinas real estate sector
with the regulatory approach of implementing city-oriented policies by the central government, it is expected that the regional differentiation of the real estate market between first-and-second-tier cities and third-andfourth-tier cities in the prc will gradually be alleviated in 2017. the demand for commercial residential buildings in first-tier cities and core second-tier cities will still be keen, and the reduction of inventory process for commercial residential buildings in third-and-fourth-tier cities will accelerate. all in all, the overall development of the prevailing prc real estate market has become increasingly mature and stable, underlying the perfect time for diversified development and for fostering the development of upstream and downstream industries in the real estate market.
future prospects of the group responding to the regional difference of the prc real estate market and regulatory policies towards real estate market by the central government, the group will gradually formulate the strategic principle of following the guidance of the states policies while adapting itself to the market trends based on actual situation, and adhere to the ultimate goal of maximising shareholders value. to achieve this, the group will fully leverage on the advantages of its solid financial and operational strategies and diversified financing channels. the group will also build on its core assets and make continuous efforts to optimise its management and control system, so as to promote its strategic transformation of business diversification.
strengthening the construction of informatisationed system and perfecting the management and control 
the group is determined to promote the construction of informatisationed system and will, in all aspects, promote our operation towards standardisation, systematism, informatisation and scientific management.
such measures help to optimise corporate structure and shorten business flow, and in turn raise the corporate operation and management 
improving quality control and enhancing core

the group will improve product quality and strive to provide property owners with premium products and services. by increasing the additional value of its products, the group will gain recognition from property owners and markets, and thus enhance the group's corporate brand value and strengthen our core competitiveness.
prudent land investment and consolidation of strategic

the group will adhere to a prudent land development strategy where we will actively develop our abundant land resources. on top of optimising its product structure and maximising the value of land bank, the group will closely monitor the situation of the land market and increase premium land bank in a timely and moderate manner. the groups strategic layout in huanbohai economic zone, yangtze river delta and pearl river delta
will thus be further reinforced.
promoting diversified strategies and developing

adapting to market changes, the group will proactively explore the feasibility of the development in the upstream and downstream real estate industry so as to secure its long-term and stable development.
the group will ensure the sustainable and stable development of residential properties and commercial properties, and at the same time, significantly edges up its efforts on industrial properties and the infrastructure of the peripheral leasing and integrated services, so as to expand its diversified operating income.
capturing market opportunities and fostering the 
as the long-standing regulatory mechanism regarding the real estate market has gradually been established, the group will continue to adhere to its development strategy of progressing in a prudent manner. we will actively respond to the challenges brought by the transformation of the real estate industry and adapt to the development trend of real estates under the new norm; while at the same time, seize the favourable opportunities brought about by the deepening economic reforms and rising consumption demand with products catering for the market and central governments policies to foster the long-term development of the 
the group shall persist in employing the spirit of mutualism with integrity and innovation as its corporate culture, insist on the corporate strategic guideline of enjoying high-quality lifestyle, work together to create a winwin situation, insist on providing market and customers with quality products and services that further enhance the companys development, ensure the groups healthy and sustainable development, and maximise 
chu mang yee

hong kong, 31st march 2017 