i am pleased to present the annual results of shimao property holdings limited (shimao property, shimao or the company, together with its subsidiaries, the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016.
market and outlook
in 2016, chinas real estate market moved up firstly and then setback. in the first three quarters, in view of the positive impact of government policies and the unleashing of cumulative demand, the real estate market had been booming and hot. however, the real estate market dropped in the fourth quarter due to the policy tightening. according to the national bureau of statistics, impressive start with poor finish was shown in several indicators, such as real estate development and investment, sales and new starts. the gross floor area and value of national commodity properties sold recorded their historical peak. a total of approximately 1,573.49 million sq.m. of gross floor area of national commodity properties were sold for approximately rmb11,762.7 billion, representing year-on-year increases of 22.5% and 34.8% respectively.
since the implementation of inventory clearance and supply-side reform in the beginning of the year, the property market sentiment had been stimulated and led to a buying frenzy. despite an unexpected surge in the house prices of the first-tier cities as well as several popular second-tier cities, the market of certain third- and fourth-tier cities remained sluggish due to an overall insufficient demand resulting from high inventory level. after several rounds of price hikes in the first- and second-tier cities, the property market in china became more divergent, creating a normal phenomenon in the industry that different cities will implement different policies and tightening.
in view of this, the group continued to adjust the timing and structure of supply in 2016. the constructions in the third- and fourth-tier cities were strictly controlled by adhering to the principle of sales-based production and the focus of the groups supply had been shifted to the first- and 
looking forward into 2017, in view of the preliminary success of the inventory clearance, the fundamental policies for the real estate industry in 2017 will be restraining asset inflation and preventing financial crisis. it is likely that the policy restrictions will be further strengthened and funding support for the real estate industry is also likely to be further tightened in the near term, putting an end to the easing policy in 2016. the central economic work conference clarified that houses should be functioned as dwelling places instead of an avenue for speculation, reflecting a sustainable and healthy development will be the primary task for the real estate market in 2017.
moreover, it is expected that the policy environment for the real estate sector will remain tough with little room for easing in 2017.
the sales area of commodity properties is expected to face a decline in 2017 as the first-tier and popular secondtier cities which used to make the largest contribution (representing 64% in aggregate) to the sales growth have been hit by the shortage of supply and tightened policies. on the demand front, the record-high sales volume in 2016 was partly attributable to the release and overdraft of pent-up demand. on the other hand, the hot cities will continue to see more tightening policies in 2017, which will focus on preventing asset bubbles and curbing excessive investment. this will take a heavy toll on the investments caused by asset shortage. currently, filing of high-end projects and granting of pre-sale permits are suspended in popular cities, which will suppress the trading volume of commodity properties in 2017.
in view of the fierce market competition, it is expected that a new round of industry reshuffle will commence. as a result, the market will be further consolidated by the strong participants which always survive the competitions.
it is estimated that the overall scale of top 20 real estate developers will increase by approximately 30% and the dominant position of large-scale developers will be further consolidated. the new supply of the group will be concentrated in the second half of 2017 with focus on upgraded units. core cities will remain the primary targets with first-tier and strong second-tier cities accounting for 70% of the groups saleable resources. furthermore, different level of management and control will be carried out on first and second grade projects, so as to boost the average selling prices and profit margins.

the group has experienced adjustments in the past two years, mainly included: 1. to adjust the timing and structure of supply by strictly adhering to the principle of sales-based production in third- and fourth-tier cities and focus the supply on first- and second-tier cities with relatively high gross profit margin and lower risk of inventory clearance; 2. to adjust the direction of investment in land acquisition and reinforcing investment risk control by focusing over 90% of its investment on first- and second-tier cities and implementing decisive measures to clear inventories in third- and fourth-tier cities in order to optimize the quality and structure of the land reserves of the group; 3. to strengthen the operation and management of investment properties to gradually increase its contribution to operating profit of the group, and improve the groups risk tolerance during market fluctuations; 4. to reduce financing cost, restructuring debts, manage foreign exchange risk, and explore and make innovative property financing arrangement; and 5. to implement various operational, products and financial innovations to sustain and enhance the existing 
although the earnings growth of shimao property slowed down during the restructuring period, the groups results for 2016 reflected a strong overall development of shimao property. over 90% of the land reserves acquired during the year were located in the first- and second-tier cities. sell-through rate of saleable resources (inventory + supply) was 60% during the year and net gearing ratio decreased to 53.4%. average financing cost dropped to 5.8%. various metrics of the group were among the best in the industry, indicating that the group has a solid foundation for leaping forward again. the positive results of the group were achieved in the contexts of waiving growth and visible fall behind other competitors. a solid and affluent preparation is the key to a strong and robust growth. in 2017, the group will position for quality growth, and will strive for a significant growth in sales and operating results. it is essential for the group to maintain its competitiveness so as to safeguard the long term benefits of our investors.

following the implementation of product standardization and the addition of attractions on products, ancillary as well as education, the competitiveness of the groups projects was improved. in the last year, the group, based on a precise research on homebuyers residential needs, promoted human-based masterpiece residential properties which emphasize on living experiences, such as shimao citin in nanjing, shimao shine city in xiamen, shimao works of time in shaoxing. such projects were in line with the market demand and their sell-through rate and prices were relatively higher than those of other competitive projects. the group deems ingenuity as the dedication to its career, pursuit of perfection, compliance to progress, breakthrough to innovation, integrity to interpersonal relations and self-restraint to behavior. intelligent residence, human-based details, and live comfort have been the common characteristics of such outstanding projects. in 2017, the group will persist on a customer-oriented approach with an aim to establish a supporting system compatible with customers needs. more products of ingenuity will be promoted so as to create a warm, stylish and popular community with high quality and grade, as well as to enhance the brand value and profitability of the projects. with a better matching with the market needs, the group is confident in the sales of our products in 2017.

at the beginning of 2016, the group set its annual contracted sales target at rmb67.0 billion, and it realized contracted sales of rmb68.12 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 2% which outperformed its sales target. the total sales area amounted to 4.918 million sq.m., with an average selling price of rmb13,850 per sq.m. during the year, up from rmb12,100 per sq.m. in 2015. this has laid a good foundation for the groups stable growth in booking profit margins in future.
in terms of cities, the average sales in each city of the group amounted to approximately rmb1.4 billion, and the average sales per project amounted to approximately rmb860 million. the sales in nanjing were more than rmb7.4 billion, the sales in beijing were more than rmb5.3 billion, and the sales in xiamen, hangzhou, wuhan and tianjin were more than rmb3.0 billion, demonstrating a relatively strong competitiveness in the industry. in terms of projects with sales of more than rmb2.0 billion, the sales of beijing tongzhou world chamber of commerce centre, xiamen jimei project and fuzhou pingtan straits future city were rmb4.41 billion, rmb2.11 billion and rmb2.00 billion, respectively. the prices of the above projects were upward adjusted in 2016 by more than 30% in general, some of which even increased by 65%, representing a significant premium as compared with other competitive projects. both sales volume and prices increased and the group performed well in the market.in 2016, the sales in first- and second-tier cities of the group accounted for approximately 82%, representing a remarkable increase as compared with that of 72% in 2015. since 2015, shimao has placed much emphasis on cash collection rates and profit margins instead of focusing on the sales as the single growth indicator. it places priority on stable development and quality growth. such strategy has continued and been strengthened in 2016. in addition to maintaining its business scale, shimao expedited the inventory clearance in third- and fourth-tier cities which further optimized the inventory structure. in respect of inventory clearance, the inventory sales of the group in 2016 were rmb26.2 billion, representing an increase of rmb5.0 billion as compared with previous year. with respect of inventory sales strategy, pricing was strategically adjusted to boost the sales of inventory in third- and fourthtier cities with relatively low demand, with particular focus on pricing adjustments for longer aged inventories. as a result, the inventory sales of such segment amounted to nearly rmb5.6 billion, representing an increase of rmb3.5 billion as compared with previous year, which laid a strong business foundation by optimizing the inventory structure, increasing the cash collection ratio and enhancing the competitive industry position. as of 31 december 2016, inventories of first- and second-tier cities accounted for 67%, an increase of 7% from the beginning of the year.
inventory clearance in third- and fourth-tier cities has been effective.
prudent replenishment of quality land reserves
in 2016, there was a trend of developers re-steering their focus on first- and second-tier cities, causing fierce competition for land resources, soaring land prices and in turn many cases of land king lots transacted at exceptionally high prices, and thus continually squeezing future gross profit of the industry. the group upheld its prudent strategy and adopted a more cautious approach in replenishing land reserves. in 2016, the group acquired land reserves of 3.96 million sq.m. (before interests) in cities including fuzhou, beijing, nanjing, hangzhou, xiamen, hefei, jinan and wuhan. currently, shimao property has 132 projects with a total area of 30.79 million sq.m.
(attributable interests) of quality land in 43 cities in china. in view of intensifying competition in land acquisition in major investment cities, we will build resource advantage by enhancing human resources and budget for land acquisition, seeking cooperation opportunities, strictly following latest policies and urban development planning in various cities, and developing numerous land acquisition methods and channels in addition to public tender, auction and listing to pave the way for future success.
promoting light asset operation
from the opening of minimax hotel at the end of 2014 to the launch of the 52+ mini mall series in 2015, the group has been launching new product lines in a systematic and orderly manner. mini hotel and mini mall, which are the two major projects of the mini series, are known for their compact scale which distinguishes them from traditional luxury hotels and large-scale shopping malls. as the groups brands under the asset-light strategy, they offer customized products to address specific needs. they are able to enter or exit the market nimbly and their products can be replicated easily. the mini series is the groups key commercial product. with the operation of new business models including the mini series, the group will be able to attract more investors and lower the proportion of internal capital investment in order to increase the return on assets held by the group. moreover, in june 2016, shimao hotels and resorts entered into entrusted management arrangements for the first hotel minimax hotel linyi binhe in shandong in respect of the export of hotel management, and the hotel is expected to officially commence operation in the fourth quarter of 2017. in september 2016, shimao hotels and resorts entered into entrusted management arrangements for the second hotel minimax hotel shijiazhuang outlets in respect of the export of hotel management, and the hotel is expected to officially commence operation in the second half of 2018 and to be situated in excellent outlets international centre, the first compound italian-styled international centre in china. these arrangements signify the successful light asset strategic transformation of shimao hotels 
determination to uphold prudent financial policy in 2016, the group continued to adopt prudent financial strategies for its operation. by focusing on collection of accounts receivables, controlling liabilities, further reducing the financing cost and optimizing capital structure, the group was able to explore innovative and diversified financing channels for its real estate business to maintain its effective and stable development. in 2016, the cash from sales proceeds was approximately rmb60.0 billion with a cash collection rate of 88%, representing an increase as compared with 85% in 2015. as of the end of 2016, the group had sufficient capital funds, with available funds in the amount of rmb44.235 billion, including cash on hand of rmb22.235 billion and unutilized available banking facilities of rmb22.000 billion. as of 31 december 2016, net gearing ratio of the group was 53.4%. net gearing ratio has been maintained below 60% for more than five consecutive years, laying a solid foundation for dealing with challenging and ever-changing economic and financial environments and the sustainable development of the group going forward, and reflecting the sound operation and financial management of the group.
in view of the changes in domestic capital market, immediately before the tightening of the macro-policy, the group timely grasped the opportunity in the public market to issue the private panda bonds which became one of the first batch of enterprises to issue private bonds in shanghai stock exchange (the shanghai stock exchange). shanghai shimao co., ltd. (shanghai shimao), a member of the group, also issued bonds with low interest and short-term financial products. by taking various measures, including rollover financing and reducing contracted interest rates, the weighted average financing cost of the group was dropped to less than 5.8% in 2016, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage point as compared with 6.9% in 2015 and achieving the target of the management. reducing interest rate and financial cost have further supported and guaranteed the groups strengthened efficiency, and will serve as the long-term target in financial management of the group.
in addition, the group has continued to explore innovative financing model of its real estate business and has successfully issued several asset-back securitization products in china, being the pioneer as to innovation in the industry. the group has established a financial platform through diverse financial innovations, which enhanced the liquidity of the groups assets and opened new financing channels, giving the group greater flexibility in resources integration and industry innovation.to mitigate its exchange risks, the group took the initiatives to explore cross border renminbi financing channel to strengthen exchange risks management. the proportion of foreign currency borrowings was significantly lowered from 48% as at the end of 2015 to 34% as at the end of 2016. in february 2017, us$0.8 billion senior notes with original maturity dated 14 january 2020 was redeemed in advance which effectively controlling foreign exchange risks. moreover, the group properly used financial derivatives, including currency option contracts and forward contracts, to hedge against exchange risks.
riding on its robust operating and financial performance, the group received recognition from international rating agencies. in april 2016, fitch ratings promoted shimaos long-term rating and debt rating from bb+ to bbb, which is an investment-grade rating. moodys and standard & poors maintained their rating of shimao at ba2 and bb+ respectively. moreover, in june 2016, shimao property continued to receive aaa rating, the highest corporate credit rating, from the three biggest domestic credit rating agencies, namely, china chengxin securities rating co., ltd., united ratings co., ltd. and dagong global credit rating co., ltd..
in order to avoid intra-group competition, shimao property announced in march 2016 that it would transfer its entire or certain equity interests in the project companies for three commercial property projects, namely, shenzhen qianhai shimao financial centre, hangzhou shimao wisdom tower and nanchang shimao apm, to shanghai shimao, specifying that shimao property will be primarily engaged in residential property and hotel investment, development and operation in the prc in the future while shanghai shimao will be primarily engaged in commercial property investment, development and operation. in addition, the transaction will also facilitate the unlocking of asset value and improvement of cash flow of shimao property.
in may 2016, shanghai shimao disposed of 100% equity interests in beijing fortune times property co., ltd. (beijing fortune times) and beijing baiding new century business management co., ltd. (beijing baiding new century) to leshi holdings (beijing) co., ltd. (leshi holdings) at a cash consideration of approximately rmb2.9 billion. the share transaction generated profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of approximately rmb630 million, fully reflecting the strategic mindset of shanghai shimao in managing assets of commercial properties. through the partial disposal of commercial properties which had become matured, the structure of commercial assets has been further enhanced and capital appreciation of commercial properties can be realized. it also increased operating cash flows of the group which laid a foundation for optimizing the financial structure of the group. the groups repurchase of a total of approximately 85.55 million shares in the year also raised the value of its shares, uplifted the return on equity and rewarded the support from the shareholders.
looking forward into 2017, in line with the implementation of real estate macro-control in china, the group will continue to enhance its internal management. while exploring innovative businesses, the group will take advantage of market resources and its own strengths, adhere to its robust financial strategy and adopt prudent financial management approach to maintain adequate cash flows, minimize the finance cost and stabilize the operating 
to demonstrate our appreciation for our shareholders unstinting support, the board of directors of the company (the board) has proposed the payment of a final dividend of hk44 cents per share (2015: hk40 cents per share).
together with an interim dividend of hk26 cents per share and a special dividend of hk6 cents per share paid in respect of the gain from the disposal of beijing fortune times and beijing baiding new century, the total distribution for the year will amount to hk76 cents per share (throughout 2015: hk70 cents per share).

on behalf of the board, i would like to thank our shareholders, partners, local governments and customers for their tremendous support. i would also like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for all their valuable contributions. the groups success together with fulfillment of corporate goals are attributable to their support and commitment.
hui wing mau

hong kong, 29 march 2017 