chairman s statement on behalf of the board of directors (the board ) of the link management limited, i am pleased to present the annual report of the link reit for the year ended 31 march 2012.
financial performance and distribution the link reit has delivered another year of strong growth and solid financial performance with its resilient and diverse portfolio. revenue grew by 10.8% to hk$5,932 million and net property income climbed 14.8% year-on-year to hk$4,185 million. the board has approved a final distribution of hk66.41 cents per unit which, together with the interim distribution per unit of hk63.11 cents, gives a total distribution per unit of hk129.52 cents for the year, representing an increase of 17.3% over last year.

since the listing of the link reit, we have been committed to building success by better serving the people around us, based on our vision, mission and values. with a portfolio that serves over 40% of hong kong s households, we are dedicated to providing our tenants with facilities that can support the community s needs.
to align our actions with our mission in providing value and quality service, partnering with local communities and delivering sustainable growth, the prime priorities of our management teams have been tenant sustainability and community well-being. our link tenant academy seeks to increase our tenants competitiveness through a series of tailor-made workshops, allowing them to keep abreast of the latest market trends and matching their quality with shoppers expectations. our trade mix strategy aims to create the right environment for fulfilling the neighbourhoods daily needs and providing quality shopping, whilst our creative marketing campaigns and festive decorations are designed to provide an ambiance for the neighbourhood to socialise. overall property management standards are raised through internal training and if we are to continuously improve our standards, we have to invest in our people. properly equipping our staffs is crucial to delivering service excellence, while adhering to our core values.
through prioritising staff well-being, learning and development, we can strengthen staff morale and ensure that all have consistent objectives, in terms of service quality and commitment.
all these have only one goal to provide a better shopping experience for a thriving community.
outlook and appreciation uncertainty in europe is likely to continue, since reforms will take time. in china, rising commodity prices and slowing gdp growth suggest a cooling economy. for hong kong, local retail sales are still growing albeit more slowly, while household income, including those from public housing, has generally increased. so despite external uncertainties, local economic stability gives us reasons for optimism over retailing. the link reit is committed to build on our expertise and grow beyond the existing portfolio, by seeking opportunities for inorganic growth in hong kong.
the board is grateful to dr. allan zeman, who has been an independent non-executive director of the manager for seven years. dr. allan zeman has played a most valuable role in the development of the link reit during his term. the board and its nomination committee will continue to review the composition and performance of the board on an ongoing basis.
the board would also like to take this opportunity to extend its sincere gratitude to our management and staff, whose professionalism and commitment have been crucial to our continual success. i have full confidence that, with the dedication of our people, the link reit will prosper and build a sustainable business that everyone can be proud of in the future.
nicholas robert sallnow-smith
