chairman s statement this is my first report to you as chairman of link.
i am delighted to be taking the reins of a 21st century organisation that understands the social and environmental context in which it works, utilises innovation across its operations and, importantly, excels in delivering value for stakeholders, in particular for unitholders. in the following pages i share with you our progress for the year as well as my perspective and view of the in the short period since taking over from mr nicholas robert sallnow-smith, i have spent my time visiting and meeting staff, tenants and the communities across our properties in hong kong and mainland china. i am deeply impressed that this is a business with a clear vision and well-executed strategy. i am particularly impressed by the efforts of link s skilled team, which is solidly focused on creating value through innovative technologies and management practices. this working ethos is complemented by the commitment to sustainable and responsible business practices, which are the foundation of our ability to transform retail properties into the preferred choice for shoppers and tenants.
in response to these, my role as chairman is all the more challenging yet exciting in leading link through its next phase to me, a chairman has three main 1. to ensure that the organisation has a talented and focused management team and to challenge as well as support that team; 2. to build a strong and diverse board that brings the right skills and expertise to the business and ensure it operates at the highest levels of corporate 3. together with the board, facilitate the development and execution of a well thought-out strategy for the business.
talented and focused
the talent and focus of our management team underpinned the delivery of yet another year of strong performance highlighted by robust financial results despite the prevailing and continued i am pleased to report that we continue our trend of delivering growing distribution to our unitholders, with dpu amounting to hk206.18 cents, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.8%. this achievement is complemented by our strong environmental performance in which we further reduced our carbon emissions and improved waste management practices at our properties.
we have also expanded our community engagement activities with the introduction of link first generation university student scholarship for 100 students, who are the first from three generations of their families to attend local universities. we have also initiated the neighbourhood project fund, which brings small, albeit meaningful, programmes to the individual communities close to our properties.
strong and diverse board governance is a core strength and gains further relevance as we grow in our business capabilities. a strong and diverse board ensures the transparency and strategic oversight needed to manage our challenging operating environments. in this regard, link has built an entrepreneurial and financially disciplined board possessing a strong balance of skills, experience, vision and attention to governance principles.
i am delighted to welcome the additions of mr ed chan yiu cheong, mr blair chilton pickerell and ms poh lee tan as independent non-executive directors of the manager. together ed, blair and poh lee bring a wealth of competencies and experience to the board.
well thought-out strategy the past year has seen a dynamic portfolio taking shape at link. during 20152016 we acquired two properties, ec mall in beijing and corporate avenue 1 & 2 in shanghai. these were followed by the successful tender for 700 nathan road, a commercial complex in hong kong.
acquiring these assets aligns with our established strategy that emphasises the community focus when growing our portfolio. this ensures that our properties are well-positioned and managed as the preferred destinations of the communities living and working nearby. importantly, these strategic acquisitions strengthen and diversify our investment portfolio while mitigating our risks of operating in a single market and asset class.
the road ahead while taking advantage of our business capabilities and the opportunities that drive our recent pace in growth, we remain conservative in our approach. we are a reit by mandate. as its manager, this commits us to a low risk, low volatility portfolio strategy. we are selective by taking the long-term view to hold assets and optimise a property s value through our expertise in management services, property enhancement and relationship building.
this is what we do best and has served us well over the past decade.
link s performance is gauged not only against financial measures. as a community-focused business, our success is contingent on those around us our tenants, shoppers, communities and staff also doing well. a business strategy that evolves to measure, monitor and improve the health of its environment and the livelihood of its stakeholders is ultimately what will ensure the long-term resilience of link and our ability to deliver sustainable growth. the test for this is quantifying the productivity of our tenants, the impact of our community engagement, the strength of our relationships with partners and the alignment of our staff with the corporate vision, mission and values. i am pleased to report we have made initial progress in assessing these areas and will continue to develop relevant indicators.

on behalf of the board, i congratulate mr nicholas robert sallnow-smith on his remarkable achievements over the last nine years. he has established a strong legacy and i will do my best to continue and build on his good work. i wish him a happy and fulfilling life after link.
in closing, i extend my sincerest thanks to our staff for their professionalism, hard work and contribution. without their skills and on-the-ground customer service, we would not have the support and loyalty of our tenants and the communities we serve.

link asset management limited as manager of link real estate
