chairman s statement in the link reit s annual report last year, i moved away from the traditional format for a chairman s statement. rather than simply summarising the financial results, reviewing strategic developments and considering the business outlook, i took a step back and set out how we, the board of directors, see the role and purpose of the link reit in the community. companies that are successful are only able to provide sustainable returns if they create value for the community as a whole. if they do not, in the long run they will fail to provide sustainable returns for their shareholders. businesses, indeed all organisations, can only survive if they form as part of the community.
the business purpose statement that i outlined last year, which placed the business activities of the link reit in a community context, was intended as a template against which our performance could be assessed by us and by those outside our organisation. i intend to use this framework as the reference point in assessing our performance and highlighting areas where we have shown significant improvement over the past 12 months.
this year s annual report marks our first step towards an integrated reporting model in-line with our ambition to deliver world class financial reporting and corporate governance.
what do we do? as hong kong s largest reit, and one of the top 10 retail-focused reits globally, we invest in, manage and operate property assets held by our unitholders, which currently comprises shopping centres, car parks and a small number of other commercial assets in hong kong. in order to be a successful property manager and to realise the full potential of these assets for our unitholders, it is essential for us to attract the communities that live and work near to our properties to spend time and shop in our shopping centres, rather than choosing to visit those of our competitors.
why do we do it? our retail facilities primarily serve the daily needs of nearby residents. as an extension of the living space of those living near to our shopping centres, they form an important part of community life. given the unique community focus of our properties, our aim is to work to achieve a mix of retail outlets that meets neighbourhood needs, and to deliver this in a setting that is welcoming, comfortable and binds communities together. if we fail, our shoppers have many options and will simply take their businesses elsewhere. but if we succeed, we are not only successful in generating good returns for our unitholders, we also improve the daily lives of those living around our shopping centres.
how do we do it? our portfolio is large and varied and we operate in one of the most dynamic and rapidly-evolving property markets in the world.
for us to be an effective manager we must be continually focused on how we can upgrade and improve the physical hardware, enhance the service that we provide to shoppers, improve the skills and motivation of our employees and sub-contractors, and deepen our understanding of the local communities around our shopping centres so that we can ensure the mix of stores meets their needs. this is a continuing process that requires us to be in an ongoing dialogue with all of the audiences that are important for our business and to search constantly for ways to improve and remain competitive. it also requires us to have one eye on the future and how the context in which we operate is changing.
improvements this year [hardware] optimising and maintaining hardware is vital for any commercial property manager. at our formation, many of the assets that we acquired had out-dated designs. our rolling asset enhancement programme, aimed at improving the conditions of our shopping centres and realising the full potential of our properties, has seen the transformation of five properties during the year under review. delivering high environmental standards, improving the volume and flow of people and addressing the needs of elderly and disabled shoppers through barrier free access have been an essential part of this strategy.
[software] so much of our success depends upon our people; their motivation, skills and level of engagement. we continue to invest in our staff through the executive diploma in shopping centre management, which we offer to staff in partnership with the hong kong polytechnic university, as well as improvements to our talent management systems, work-life balance initiatives and the further development of our employee unit purchase plan. we have extended a number of our training programmes to include sub-contracted employees; we believe it is important that everyone involved in our business understands the value of what they are doing and feels vested in our success.
[tenants] each time we renovate a property or renew the leases of tenants in one of our shopping centres, we assess how we can further improve the tenant mix to meet the evolving needs of shoppers. we also work directly with tenants to help them to manage their businesses to effectively meet the expectations of shoppers. as we continue to improve our properties, we are pleased to find more and more tenants are interested in establishing a presence in our shopping centres.
[community] our business is intertwined with the communities of which our shopping centres form a part; we can only be successful if the community itself flourishes, and if the people within that community choose to spend time in our properties.
over the past 12 months, we have been promoting community life so that spending time in our properties becomes more attractive through unique events, and our charity and community engagement programme.
[governance] our team ultimately works on behalf of our unitholders in managing their assets. our governance framework needs to be effective in ensuring that unitholders are informed about (and able to interrogate) the strategic direction of the link reit set by the board of directors.
in this year s annual report i have provided for the first time an introduction to the corporate governance section which outlines what we have been focused on over the year and the key objectives for the year ahead.
mr michael ian arnold retired from the board on 3 september 2013 after nine years of service. i would like to express my appreciation to michael who played a very important role in the development of the link reit during his term. meanwhile, we were pleased to welcome mrs eva cheng li kam fun as an independent non-executive director of the manager as at february 2014. eva has a wealth of experience and is an exciting addition to the board.
during the year, we also made improvements to the way that we assess levels of compensation to directors and senior management, including the long term incentive plan.
thinking long term cutting through everything that we do is the need to look to the future and build a business that not only generates value today, but also positions itself for the way that the world will be tomorrow. the forces of globalisation, the changing tastes and composition of shoppers in hong kong and the rapid advance in technology and emergence of ecommerce mean we are operating in an increasingly dynamic and evolving environment; we cannot afford to stand still. nowhere else is this more true than in hong kong, where the city s population demography is changing fast, and the shopping population has been transformed by mainland china s rapid economic development.
in order to lay the foundation for the future growth of our business, we won the overwhelming support of 94% of our unitholders to extend our investment mandate to invest outside hong kong. we did so only after a long period of consultation with our unitholders. the board s view is that while there are always risks and challenges inherent in expanding into new geographies, it would be more risky for our long term success not to do so, since our business would become increasingly narrow.
we believe the recent change to our investment mandate opens up significant long-term opportunities to grow our business, provides new ways for our staff to grow and develop their skills and experience and to apply our expertise in building upon the relationships we have with hong kong retailers, many of whom are already expanding into southern china.
investing in this wider region will lay the foundations for a future in which the economic dividing lines between hong kong and southern china become increasingly blurred.
we have also contributed to the securities and futures commission consultation on the code on real estate investment trusts and where we believe it would be in unitholders long term interest for us to have greater flexibility in investment scope and the ability to engage in property development to a limited extent.
assessing how we are doing every business needs feedback so that it can assess the success of its efforts. we do this across a range of indicators. the feedback we get and the data we track are nuanced and demands careful analysis expressed preferences of shoppers may differ from sales data, for example.
the very first test of whether we are creating value for the community is to check whether we are making a profit. revenue and net property income continued to improve and increased by 10.0% and 12.7% respectively compared to last year.
for each renovation, we assess the return on investment, whether the sales of our tenants are increasing and get feedback from the tenants and community on what has worked and what has not, so that we can continually improve the effectiveness of our capital expenditure.
beyond the financial metrics, we are also pleased with how we have performed across non-financial performance indicators.
our first comprehensive research study into our reputation and brand among key audiences has revealed recognition of the improvements we are making, although we still have some way to go in addressing misconceptions about our business among external audiences. meanwhile our occupancy rate remains high, our staff attrition rate is below the industry average and our mystery shopper feedback puts us ahead of our peers measured by customer service.
the board and the senior management team are open and welcome feedback from all who have an interest in our business.
the link to a better future at the link reit we are all committed to continuous improvement. we are pleased with the achievements of the past 12 months both in the quality of our portfolio and our operational effectiveness. i would like to thank our management and staff on behalf of the board for their professionalism and commitment, which has been so crucial to this success. with such a large and complex business, there is always more to be done. we aspire to the highest standards, so the opportunities for improvement in our assets, and the way that we run our business are never exhausted.
nicholas robert sallnow-smith
