chairman s statement successful companies create value for the community as a whole. if they do not, in the long run they will fail to provide sustainable returns for their shareholders.
traditionally, the chairman s statement summarises the financial results, reviews strategic developments and considers the business outlook. this year, i want to do something different. i will only touch on these issues briefly, and leave the rest of this report to cover them in more detail.
instead, i want to take a step back and set out from the perspective of the board how we see an issue which is fundamental to our success: our role and purpose in the community. this is conventionally addressed in corporate social responsibility sections of annual reports. these typically set out some of the ways in which the company engages with the community, incidental to its basic business purpose. the problem with such an approach is that it implies the rest of the business s activities have nothing to do with the community (or even that they may be irresponsible from a community point of view). i believe this approach misses something fundamental about the role of business in the community.
successful companies create value for the community as a whole. if they do not, in the long run they will fail to provide sustainable returns for their shareholders. businesses, indeed all organisations, cannot survive if they are parasitic upon a community, rather than forming a part of it. it seems to me therefore that any organisation needs to explain to its owners, customers, and to the community at large, what it is for in the broadest sense. to answer the questions; what do we do? why do we do it? how do we do it? this could be called a business purpose statement, placing the business activities of the link reit in a community context and providing a template against which we, and those outside our organisation, can assess how we are doing.
it has become common in hong kong and internationally for those outside the business sector to suspect that companies are antagonistic to communities and have no social purpose. i fundamentally disagree with that view. as chairman of the board i have an obligation to explain how the link reit s core operations create social benefit.
what do we do? the link reit s business is very simple: we invest in, manage and operate property assets held by our unitholders. these assets currently comprise shopping centres, car parks and a small number of other commercial assets in hong kong. if we are to succeed in maximising the value of these assets for our unitholders, we need to attract the communities living and working around our locations to come and shop in our centres, rather than those of our competitors. only if we achieve that objective can our tenants generate sales and fund the rents they pay to us.
for us to be an effective manager we need to keep the physical hardware of our centres in good condition, and ensure their design and layout optimises the flow of shoppers through the centres. we also need to understand the local communities around our centres their preferences and tastes, and how these are evolving over time so that the mix of stores meets their needs. this is a continuing process and requires us to be searching constantly for ways to improve and remain competitive.
why do we do it? if a customer need is already completely satisfied by a range of competitors, it may be hard to see a role for yet another choice. for us, this is not the case. most of our assets have for many years been aiming to meet the needs of local communities, forming part of community life and representing an extension of the living space of local residents. they provide a different function from other retail destinations many of which cater largely to discretionary spending by local hong kong shoppers or tourists.
our aim, given the unique type of asset we manage, is to work to achieve a mix of retail outlets that meets neighbourhood needs, and to deliver this in a setting that is comfortable and binds communities together. if we fail, our shoppers will take their business elsewhere. but if we succeed, we improve the daily lives of those living around our centres, and in doing so generate good returns for our unitholders.
how do we do it? anyone who works in the property field soon comes to realise that, despite the asset-heavy nature of the statement of financial position, success depends upon people.
first, how we treat our tenants and the shoppers in our malls depends on the motivations, skills and training of our staff. (see the people section of this report, page 48).
but our focus on people cannot be limited to our own staff. how our tenants deliver to the shopping public an effective range of goods and services will partly depend on how staff of the link reit support them and assist the development of their businesses. (see, for example, information on this under asset management , page 33) the quality and appropriateness of the design, refurbishment and maintenance of our centres will depend not just on our staff but also those of our contractors. page 49 describes some of the initiatives we run to ensure staff of our contractors are engaged and motivated. it is important for everyone involved in our work, regardless of whether they are employed directly by the link reit or sub-contracted, to understand the value of what they are doing and feel vested in our success.
optimising and maintaining hardware is also vital for any commercial property manager. our rolling asset enhancement programme (see page 40) seeks to extract full value from our properties. over time, as we improve the large number of assets in our portfolio, we aim to deliver benchmark standards of maintenance and service.
as we upgrade our assets, it is essential that we create a portfolio that supports the community in the long run. this means, for example, that delivering high environmental standards and addressing the needs of disabled shoppers through barrier free access are not add-ons to our strategy but an essential part of it. (see pages 15-16 & 21) each of these elements of the answer to the question how do we do it? needs a context that binds them together. this context is the broader community of hong kong that we serve, and the individual local communities within this. from helping someone find the washroom, to designing excellent signage, to dealing with a rental renegotiation professionally; all these elements need to be addressed in the spirit of creating value every day for our community. the work we do providing sporting facilities to local residents (pages 12 & 16) , community events to excite and attract shoppers (page 24) , and our charity and community engagement programme (pages 6-7 & 15) all form part of this essential community context.
our team ultimately work on behalf of our unitholders in managing their assets. our governance framework needs to be effective in ensuring that unitholders are informed about (and able to interrogate) the strategic direction of the organisation, as defined by the board of directors. unitholders must also be in a position to assess the performance of the management in executing that strategy. (see our governance section at page 58) in this regard, i would like to thank our management and staff on behalf of the board for their professionalism and commitment over the past year, which has been so crucial to our success.
assessing how we are doing every business needs feedback so that it can assess the success of its efforts. without testing whether something has worked or failed, we cannot improve. we assess our performance across numerous indicators.
the first test is the profit and loss account. i am mystified by the current tendency for critics of business to point to profit as a sign of failure to support the community. this is completely the wrong way around. if we make a loss, it means we have consumed resources in the community (not just physical, but the time spent at work by all our staff and contractors) that exceed the sum our customers are willing to pay for our services we would have destroyed value. so the very first test of whether we are creating value for the community is to check whether we are making a profit. (see page 26) we also look at the financial impact of every renovation we carry out. if we spend capital but do not increase occupancy or generate more business for our tenants then we have failed. for each renovation, assess what has worked and what has not, so that we can continually improve the effectiveness of our capital expenditure. (see page 34) although the financial results and return on capital investment are crucial, we need more nuanced feedback than accounting alone provides. this information comes in the form of occupancy rates, footfall and mystery shopper feedback. feedback from staff and contractors is also important, and here we assess staff turnover, our ability to attract the best talent, and whether contractors want to bid for business with us. we also survey our customers (the tenants), our staff and shoppers on a regular basis to see what they think. and we engage regularly with our unitholders to get feedback from them on whether they support the approach we are taking.
we need to take care when interpreting and cross-referencing all this data. shoppers may claim they like a particular store. but if the store has weak revenues and few customers, something is wrong. in the end shoppers vote with their purses for what they really like.
while we invite feedback and need to pay attention to it, we can t react immediately to every voice. we must take time to assess rationally what is being said and, where criticisms are fair, work professionally the best managers of businesses achieve a spiral of improvement. it makes no sense to expect all problems to be fixed, permanently, by one set of actions. mistakes will be made, circumstances will change and the community within which we are operating will change. it is a process that never ends. the key is clarity of objectives and honest assessment of how we are doing. at the link reit we are all committed to achieving a spiral of improvement in our business. with such a large portfolio, the opportunities to enhance our assets and the way that we run them are never exhausted.
we have taken a number of steps forward in the last 12 months. our net property income rose 10.3% and our net asset value per unit 28.7%. occupancy rose for the 7th successive year to 94.1%. we have 8 asset enhancement projects underway to further improve our portfolio. operationally, we are making progress in our markets where we have an important position in the community. in terms of our governance, the recent appointments of may siew boi tan and elaine carole young to the board of directors have improved its mix of experience and perspectives, while at an operational level significant progress has been made in building-out the senior management team.
we will endeavour in every annual report to set out our assessment of what has been achieved, and where we are planning to go in the future. the board, our ceo george hongchoy, and all the management team welcome feedback on what we are trying to do and how we are progressing from all those with an interest in our business.
nicholas robert sallnow-smith
