on behalf of the board of cr power (the company), i present the annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016.

in 2016, profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately hk$7,708 million, representing a decrease of hk$2,317 million or 23.1% as compared with approximately hk$10,025 million in 2015. basic earnings per share amounted to hk$1.62, representing a decrease of 22.9% as compared with hk$2.10 in 2015.
total dividends paid and proposed to be paid in 2016 was hk$0.875 per share, representing an increase of 2.94% as compared with last year.
as at the end of 2016, total assets of the group amounted to 
as at the end of 2016, our business operations covered 21 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in china with 40 coal-fired power plants, 2 hydro-electric plants, 1 gas-fired plant, 70 wind farms and 5 photovoltaic power plants in commercial operation. attributable operational generation capacity in power generation was 36,184mw, representing an increase of approximately 4.2% as compared with 34,731mw as at the end of 2015.
(1) coal-fired power business as at the end of 2016, our attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity was 31,066mw, accounting for 85.9% of the groups total attributable generation capacity, representing a decrease of 0.8 percentage point as compared with the end of 2015.
during the year, 2x660mw coal-fired generation units in guizhou were commissioned, resulting in an increase in the total attributable operating capacity of 1,320mw.
the average full-load equivalent utilization hours of the subsidiary coal-fired power plants which were operational for the full year of 2016 reached 4,922 hours, exceeding the national average utilization hours for thermal power plants by 757 hours. this was because most of our subsidiary power plants comprise of highly efficient large generation units, and are mainly located in areas with relatively strong demand for electricity, thus having certain market advantages, and also reflecting our high management efficiency.
currently, our coal-fired power plants under construction include 2x660mw ultra-supercritical generation units in wujianfang, inner mongolia; 2x660mw ultra-supercritical generation units in jinzhou, liaoning and 2x1,000mw phase ii ultra-supercritical generation units in caofeidian, hebei. we plan to commence construction of 2x350mw heat and power co-generation units in yundong, hebei and 2x350mw heat and power co-generation units in dongming, shandong. these generation units are expected to be commissioned in 2018 and 2019.
(2) clean and renewable energy business in 2016, we continued to increase our investment in renewable energy development with a focus on the establishment of six bases of 1,000mw wind farm projects in shandong, hubei, guangdong, hebei, henan and shanxi provinces.
as at the end of 2016, our attributable operating generation capacity in wind, gas, hydro-electric and photovoltaic power combined reached 5,119mw, accounting for 14.1% of our total attributable operating generation capacity and representing an increase of 0.8 percentage point as compared with the end of 2015.
during the year, total renewable energy capacity connected to the grid reached a record high. the grid-connected wind power capacity increased by 992mw to 5,227mw, of which 398mw completed testing and was put into commercial operation, increasing total operational capacity to 4,632mw. the attributable operating generation capacity of photovoltaic power increased by 110mw to 130mw. the average full-load equivalent utilization hours of our wind farms which were operational for the full year of 2016 reached 2,084 hours, exceeding the national average by 342 hours, maintaining a leading position in the industry.
as at the end of 2016, attributable capacity of wind, photovoltaic and hydro-electric power under construction was 473mw, 20mw and 107mw, respectively. as at the end of 2016, our newly added wind power reserve capacity was 2,975mw, representing an increase of 1.9% as compared with last year, of which 87% are located in regions with few curtailment issues. our photovoltaic power capacity filed with the government was 1,367mw. the rapid increase in the development of renewable energy is the result of internal corporate restructuring which directs our resources and focuses towards clean 
(3) coal business in 2016, as the coal industry was impacted by the policies of reducing overcapacity and controlling production, supply and demand of coal were under stress, particularly in the second half of the year when the market price of coal surged. leveraging the opportunities arising from the national policy of reducing overcapacity, we accelerated the process of eliminating inefficient capacity by shutting down nine mines and reducing our overcapacity by 2.74 million tonnes per year.
transformation and reform
management reform: in the first half of 2016, we completed the organizational reform and implemented a three-tier management model under which, our power businesses, including the development, construction and operation of coal-fired power generation and clean renewable energy, were consolidated and the domestic target markets were divided into 10 main regions. evidently, the reform enabled cr power to increase its pace in the development of clean renewable energy as well as actively and effectively respond to the opportunities and challenges arising from the power reform in china. in 2016, leveraging the rich resources and management experience from the development of traditional coal-fired power generation in each region, we actively established the full value chain, covering site selection, design and construction of new energy. during the year, grid-connected wind and photovoltaic power capacity exceeded 1,000mw, and the approved new energy reserve capacity exceeded 4,000mw.
in response to the power reform in china and business expansion, our headquarters established functional management departments such as power retail business, international business and technological research departments in order to explore potential sources for profit growth and development. as at the end of 2016, we incorporated 13 power retail companies. in particular, the power retail company in guangdong recorded satisfactory results after one year of operation.
enhanced management: with industrial and technological development, we strove to explore a management model of higher efficiency. during the year, we took an initiative to centralize the operation of wind farms in five regions as pilot projects, including southern china, central china, northern china, northeastern china and eastern china. utilizing advanced information technologies, we set up offsite monitoring centers for the wind farms. this enabled us to change the less efficient traditional smallscale wind farm model into a model where resources, management and operators are more centralized. with this breakthrough, the operating efficiency of our new energy business and satisfaction of employees 
energy conservation and emission reduction: we are dedicated to resource conservation and environmental protection. while accelerating investment in renewable energy, we also promote technological innovation to expedite energy conservation and emission reduction and further explore ways to save energy. in 2016, our in-house self-optimizing system designed for coal-fired power plants was adopted by second batch of 18 plants. the system was particularly successful in reducing coal consumption. in 2016, the average net generation standard coal consumption rate of our subsidiary coal-fired power plants was 305.0g kwh, representing a decrease of 2.0gkwh as compared with that of 2015. in 2016, we upgraded 24 coal-fired units with ultra-low emission facilities. the emission of sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and particulates decreased by 0.07gkwh, 0.07gkwh and 0.02gkwh, respectively as compared with last year. as at the end of 2016, 49 generation units with total attributable operating capacity of 21,211mw were equipped with ultra-low emission facilities, accounting for 78% of the attributable operating capacity of our subsidiary coal-fired power plants, significantly higher than industry average. with the exceptional achievements in environmental protection, cr power and its subsidiaries received 18 awards under the hong kong green awards () in 2016.
contributions to the society: over the years, we have been devoted to social welfare in an effort to improve the well-being of the general public and facilitate robust regional economic and community developments.
in 2016, through engaging in education, poverty relief, environmental protection, disaster relief, regional infrastructure development and voluntary services as well as crhs establishment of hope towns ( ) in impoverished regions in china, we contributed a total donation of approximately hk$119.54 million to the society. in addition, efforts were made to offer more job positions. during the year, we recruited 2,283 additional employees, including 411 fresh university graduates.
open communications: we attach great importance to communication and establishment of mutual trust with all stakeholders. apart from conferences, reports, websites, wechat official accounts, hotlines and emails, we also launched enterprise open days to invite all stakeholders to visit our power plants and welcome the scrutiny by the society in respect of the green development and performance of social responsibilities of cr power in an open manner and made such open days a normal part of our work duties.
in may 2016, we launched the cr power social responsibility tour for hong kong youth (). for the first time, we invited 15 young students from hong kong to visit our power plants in guangzhou and hezhou. they acted as social responsibility inspectors to review cr powers endeavours in environmental protection, technological innovation, social responsibilities and circular economy and participated in social welfare activities. in september, we organized green factories public experience month () in 24 plants in 13 provinces and autonomous regions across the country. local government departments, residents from the neighbourhood, media, students, environmental advocates, regulatory authorities and other related parties were invited to visit the plants to gain first-hand experience and better understanding with regard to the green development principles, measures and effectiveness of cr power. our subsidiaries organized more than 60 activities of various types which facilitated our communications with the public and gained their trust and support.
outlook on 2017 adhering to the principles of innovation, transformation and eco-friendly development as well as the development strategies of the company, we are committed to reforms and progressive development in order to facilitate the implementation of our 2017 business plans.
we will further optimize the asset structure, expedite the development of renewable energy and control the pace of growth of coal-fired generation units and continue to eliminate excess capacity of coal. by optimizing our stakes and technological upgrades as well as eliminating inefficient capacity, our high-quality portfolio of existing assets combined with our strong, high-quality pipeline, we are confident that we will maintain our leading position in profitability in the industry.
we will further innovate and optimize our management and control model and process management in order to enhance our management efficiency and response to market changes. efforts will be made to develop the analysis and application of information technology and big data for higher management efficiency. while accelerating the investment in wind power and strengthening our development capabilities, we will also explore innovative and diversified methods to further develop clean energy, such as further improving the efficiency of existing capacity, strengthening centralized management, and carrying out mergers and acquisitions. through better integration of resources analysis, research and development, design and other parts of the value chain, we aim to enhance the core competitiveness in wind power projects.
we will take advantage of the market trend and closely follow the direction of the power reform policies, opening up of the power sales and power distribution markets in china, and actively capture the opportunities by responsively transforming our business model.
we will actively perform our social obligations by promoting the innovation and application of energy conservation and emission reduction technologies and further improving energy consumption and emission indicators. in 2017, we plan to upgrade 6 coal-fired units with an attributable generation capacity of 1,581mw to be equipped with ultralow emission facilities, cumulatively accounting for approximately 86% of our total attributable coal-fired operating generation capacity by the end 
success is the results of efforts and wisdom of all parties. i would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, partners and the community for their care and support. 2017 is a critical linkage to the 13th five-year plan. despite the challenges in the macro economy, cr power will capture new opportunities and nurture new hopes.
we will continue to work hand-in-hand with all stakeholders to bring new breakthroughs to different segments with prudent and practical endeavours, innovations and steady growth. no efforts will be spared to develop cr power into an outstanding and integrated energy service company with the highest value.

hong kong, 23 march 2017 