chairman s statement did you notice that our young cnooc limited just crossed its 10-year-old threshold ? indeed, the elapsed 2009 was the year that the company, founded in 1999, has completed its fi rst decade of development.
for a traditional chinese, the 10th anniversary is a very good cause for celebration and presents a golden opportunity to recollect the past and plan the future.

chairman and chief executive offi cer most of my management team and i are engineers by training and recollection is not our forte. by looking at the past decade, we focus on how cnooc limited could build on its past success and reach new heights in the coming years: what past practices should we carry on? what factors in our growth track could we count on for our future development? what would be the biggest challenge on our road ahead? can we keep singing the same growth story as we have done in the last decade? i think cnooc limited s future is clear and well-defined, and i would like to share with you my vision for the company in the next decade.
continuing the blue chip route in the future, we are determined to continue our blue chip in july 2001, barely listed for half a year, cnooc limited was included as a hang seng index constituent stock and became one of the blue chip stocks in the hong kong market. in the years that followed, we were praised for our outstanding performance and excellent corporate governance. nowadays, we have been considered a good company by many people.
currently, as the market regulation is becoming increasingly sophisticated, it is not easy to be considered a good company. consequently, some people often attribute the making of a good company simply to market discipline or although cnooc limited has also benefited from the market forces, i think its success should be more attributable to its own intrinsic desire and persistent efforts to be a good company .
to those staff who did not understand why the company keeps challenging itself every year, i always explained this way, all that we do, be it the efforts in increasing production and reserves of oil and gas and maintaining a steady growth, or the hard work with which we enhance our cost consciousness to maintain our low-cost advantage, are not meant merely to please the market and to satisfy our shareholders. a more fundamental purpose is that we want to make cnooc limited a well-respected company in the since its founding, cnooc limited has not been contented with only being a beneficiary of high oil price. we hope that we can more clearly and completely demonstrate the company s value by realizing its growth potential.
to achieve this objective, cnooc limited actively adopts the highest operational standards of the industry and eagerly embraces the advanced management and technologies of the industry leaders. in addition, we have developed a comprehensive internal management system to help us focus on our objective.
ten years ago, cnooc limited chose to take a blue chip route . in the last decade, all of our staff have been carrying out their duties conscientiously to achieve this objective.
at our 10th anniversary, i am pleased to learn that our performance has won market recognition. during the financial crisis, despite the significant fluctuations in oil price and the capital market, the company s share price has been relatively stable and outperformed the market, demonstrating that our shareholders have remained confi dent with the company. i am very proud of this. here, the results of 2009 allow me to announce that, even though the gloom of the financial crisis has not been completely dispelled, the outstanding performance of cnooc limited enables us to live up to the name of a good company and to the trust of our shareholders.
in 2009, although the international oil price (wti) decreased by 38.0%, the company realized a total revenue of approximately rmb105.20 billion and a net profit of approximately rmb29.49 billion. our net production of oil and gas reached 227.7 million boe, representing a 17.2% growth over the previous year. meanwhile, no major health, safety and environmental incident occurred in its operations.
continuing our growth story although cnooc limited s daily production has tripled since 1999 and its net profi t has increased more than six times, a steady growth will continue to be its dominant theme for the next decade.
i mentioned to you before that my confi dence in the future of the company is based on its solid foundation of resources, its immense potential for development, its comprehensive management system and the perseverance of cnooc today, i would like to add that i believe our future growth will also be powered by our faith as well as our persistent pursuit of our established strategy. here, i would like to reiterate three strategies enshrined by us as follows: focusing on reserve and production growth; developing and expanding natural gas business; and maintaining a prudent financial for the last decade, although international oil price (wti) once skyrocketed to us$145.29 per barrel and also once slumped to us$11.37 per barrel, we have always been following our strategies in all business practices. such discipline has won us remarkable returns, and i strongly believe that it will continue to drive cnooc limited s future enhancing development quality cnooc limited has announced its growth plan. in 2010, we aim to increase our production by 21%-28%, and after then will continue such growth at a compound annual rate of 6%-10% for the next fi ve years.
although cnooc limited s focus on growth has won it a lot of applauses, some investors have voiced their concerns: with such ambitious production targets, will the company sacrifi ce its cost advantage and corporate responsibilities for a blind expansion? in my mind, the quality of future development is as important as the speed of its growth. the company would never give up its pursuit of quality while achieving a steady production growth. the improvement of our development quality should include both internal and external aspects: internally, our cost level and technological capabilities, and externally, our fulfi llment of corporate responsibilities and the sustainability of our development.
as you know, our production comes from offshore, and an offshore producer must deal with higher cost than its onshore counterpart. besides that, for cnooc limited, heavy oil, which comprises over half of its total oil production, further increases the company s cost pressure. nevertheless, the company has maintained its cost advantage since its founding, benefiting from its consistent low cost strategy and efforts. in 2009, facing with the market environment of low oil prices and high costs without apparent improvement, the company effectively curtailed the rate of its cost increase through measures such as optimization of operation processes and centralization of therefore, my answer to your concerns is as follows: despite the industry s general upward trend of cost, cnooc limited has maintained its hard-earned cost advantage. of course, our objective is not to ensure that our cost does not increase at all, but to maintain and leverage our relative cost advantage in the industry .
enhancing our technological capabilities not only is necessary for our streamline development but also helps us in maintaining our cost advantage. in this respect, cnooc limited has reached a considerable level at all phases of its activities extending from exploration, development to over the years, we have advanced our exploration activities with the breakthrough of new theories, and those activities, in return, further deepened our theoretic research. for instance, the progress of research on the formation conditions of offshore medium and large oil and gas fi elds has laid a solid foundation for our future reserves addition.
we have kept innovating our development and production activities and developed many patented technologies suitable for offshore china. in order to make these technologies more effective, we have kept implementing a perfection by practice process. in 2009, the company improved its technologies such as the enhancement of heavy oil recovery and the development of marginal fi elds in we also strive to enhance the technological capabilities of our operations such as by shifting from traditional single oilfield development to regional development. i believe these changes will enable the company s operations and management to become our new competitive advantages.
emphasizing the win-win theme in the oil industry, there are quite a number of century- old blue chip companies. cnooc limited aspires to join their league. at a time when sustainable development has become a global theme, how can a company maintain its edge? i think the win-win philosophy would form a good basis for our future development.
clearly, growth is our unrelenting pursuit, and the win-win philosophy would be our resolute conviction. on our road ahead, we will continue to: cherish resources and the environment. we believe this is the top priority in achieving a win-win situation with nature. in order to improve environmental protection, the company has, in addition to the ordinary protection measures in its operational process, endeavoured to extend the life span of its oil and gas fi elds and develop marginal fi elds effectively and economically through various methods.
reward shareholders with solid performance. for 2009, the board of directors has proposed a final dividend of hk$0.20 per share as a way of sharing the company s achievements with our shareholders.
produce more energy for our community, treat our employees with care, reward our society with affection. social responsibilities and sustainable growth will be the key tones of our future development. we would like to call your attention to the cnooc limited social responsibility report, to gain a better understanding of our pursuit of the win- as 2010 heralds the second decade of the 21st century, cnooc limited will embark on a new expedition. our target is ahead and the road is under way. we look forward to joining hands with you on our journey in the next decade.

