i am pleased to present to you the business review of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016, and outlook for 2017.

the board recommends the payment of a final dividend for 2016 (payable in cash with a scrip option) of rmb11.50 cents per share (the proposed final dividend). the company paid an interim dividend (interim dividend) of rmb3.42 cents per share (or hk4 cents per share) in respect of the first six months of the year. the proposed final dividend shall be declared in rmb and paid in hong kong dollars and will be converted from rmb into hong kong dollars at the average middle rate of rmb to hong kong dollars as announced by the peoples bank of china (pboc exchange rate) for the five business days preceding the date of declaration of dividend. based on the prevailing pboc exchange rate, the proposed final dividend is equivalent to hk13 cents per share.
together with the interim dividend and based on the total outstanding number of issued shares of the company as at the date of the annual results announcement, the total dividends for the year under review amounted to approximately rmb1,005.1 million for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.1% over rmb784.8 million 
in 2016, group sustained its growth and pushed sales and profits up to another record highs. the group achieved contracted sales of rmb53.00 billion in 2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 75.5% over rmb30.21 billion in 2015. the groups attributable contracted sales amounted to rmb29.19 billion in 2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 45.4% over rmb20.08 billion in 2015.

recognized revenue was rmb22,224.4 million in 2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.9% over rmb18,230.8 million in 2015. the groups net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 34.0% to rmb2,807.5 million in 2016 from rmb2,095.5 million in 2015. the groups core net profit attributable to equity owners increased by 27.8% to approximately rmb2,824.0 million in 2016 from rmb2,209.8 million in 2015.
the group improved its gross profit margin and core net profit margin to 25.4% and 12.7% respectively in 2016, versus 22.7% and 12.1% respectively in 2015. the group delivered a core return on average equity of 20.3% in 2016.
review of 2016 
2016 was a remarkable year in the history of chinas real estate industry, with the most dramatic reversals in government policies, the highest transaction volume as well as the record breaking land and 
in the first three quarters of 2016, real estate policies in most cities in china were still driven by inventory clearance and stimulation of end-users housing demand. only a few hotspot cities like shanghai, shenzhen, suzhou, nanjing and hefei tightened real estate policies, but had little impact on the market.
entering the fourth quarter, government policies reversed abruptly.
since the end of september 2016, over 20 chinese cities viciously launched and intensified austerity measures, including: tightening home purchase eligibility, tightening mortgage for second home purchase, stricter controls on land sale and property pre-sale, and regulatory control on developers funding, etc.
review of 2016 (continued) market review (continued) record-high transaction gfa and value in 2016, both national transaction gfa and value reached another record highs. according to data published by the china national bureau of statistics, transaction gfa of commodity properties in 2016 was 1.57 billion sq.m., up by 22.5% on a year-on-year basis; sales of commodity properties were rmb11.8 trillion, up by 34.8% on a yearon-year basis; average selling prices of commodity properties reached rmb7,476 per sq.m., up 10.9% on a year-on-year basis. transaction gfa was around 2.5 times and sales value was around 6 times of the market size a decade ago.
rapid increases in property prices led to government austerity 
in early 2016, certain hotspot cities led the rises in property prices.
then, the sizzling property prices spread to other cities, and rapidly accelerated in the second and third quarter. this led to the start of new round of government austerity measures by the end of september. affected by the government tightening policies, property price increases in hotspot cities in the fourth quarter showed signs of softening. however, in cities with milder austerity policies and laggard prices, property prices are still trending up.
in terms of year-on-year price increases, cities with strongest gains (with average of 20% or more) were concentrated in 10 or more firsttier (beijing, shanghai, shenzhen and guangzhou) and hotspot secondtier cities (suzhou, hefei, nanjing, xiamen, hangzhou, tianjin, wuhan and zhengzhou, etc.); while gains in most other cities were not 
review of 2016 (continued) market review (continued) land king phenomenon in 2016, national land transactions in terms of aggregate area continued to decline; on the other hand, aggregate value went up.
as land supply in third- and fourth-tier cities continued to be constrained by the main theme of inventory clearance, proportion of high-priced land transactions in first- and second-tier cities increased significantly. during the first three quarters of 2016, land markets in first- and second-tier cities heated up with a flood of land kings and continual record breaking land transactions in terms of average and aggregate land prices, nationwide.
in 2016, gains in land prices of hotspot cities substantially exceeded gains in property prices, and the transacted land prices being higher than selling prices of the property units became a common phenomenon in hotspot cities. the rise in land prices interacted property prices to increase further, which in turn dragged up land prices. since the launch of government control measures in different cities in the end of september, land supply in most cities entered a cool-down phase and certain cities implemented measures to cap the land transaction prices. however, these measures had yet to change the land king phenomenon in land biddings by the end of 
mega industry consolidation in 2016, chinas real estate industry entered into a rapid phase of consolidation; market share of leading players market increased significantly. according to statistics from cric information group, market shares of top 20 developers enlarged to 25%.
due to strong sales recorded and abundant liquidity in the first three quarters, large-scale real estate developers were even more proactive, compared to previous years, in entering new cities, public land-biddings as well as in mergers and acquisitions. on the other hand, cross-segment business diversification and internationalization by venturing into overseas markets became a development trend of 
review of 2016 (continued) 
due to its appropriate mix and abundant supply of saleable resources in strong performing first- and second-tier cities, the group achieved overwhelming growth in contracted sales in 2016. during the year, the groups contracted sales and contracted gross floor area (gfa) reached rmb53.00 billion and 2,916,306 sq.m. respectively, representing strong year-on-year growth of 75.5% and 41.8% respectively. the groups contracted average selling price (asp) in 2016 was approximately rmb18,175sq.m., increased by 23.7% from rmb14,692sq.m. in 2015. over 98% of the groups contracted sales in 2016 were derived from first- and second-tier cities. the group achieved a cash collection ratio of over 95% from contracted sales in 
the groups contracted sales in 2016 were dispersed among over 80 projects in 14 cities. during the year, the group launched pre-sale of 19 new projects, including: suzhou cifi lake mansion suzhou north star cifi no. 1 courtyard nanjing north star cifi park mansion jinling nanjing cifi park mansion qinhuai hangzhou binjiang cifi wanjiazhixing hangzhou cifi times city hefei north star cifi park mansion luzhou hefei cifi ronchamp courtyard hefei cifi lake betsuin beijing cifi no. 26 block beijing tianheng cifi no. 7 courtyard beijing vanke world beijing cifi yihexiang tianjin cifi no. 6 courtyard shenyang cifi jin court shenyang cifi fantastic apartment wuhan yulong cifi peninsula changsha henderson arch of triumph chongqing dongyuan cifi jiangshan yue the group also continued to record contracted sales in other projects, the pre-sale of which started in previous year(s).
cifi was ranked 18th nationally in terms of contracted sales by value in 2016 according to the china real estate enterprises sales ranking in 2016 published by cric information group.
review of 2016 (continued) 
the groups gross profit margin improved to 25.4% in 2016, compared to 24.1% in 2015 (adjusted for the accounting effects due to increase of equity interests in certain projects), a result of higher profitability for products delivered, defensive land costs, lower finance cost as well as product premium achieved through improving quality and brand.
the groups core net profit margin was 12.7% in 2016, compared to 12.1% in 2015 for the corresponding period of last year.

while the land markets of 2016 showed signs of overheating in the first- and strong second-tier cities, we had generally been cautious in land acquisitions during the year. our land acquisition spending as a proportion of our contracted sales in 2016 reduced significantly compared to 2015, reflecting our land-banking philosophy of be cautious when the market is irrational. in 2016, we successfully entered ningbo, foshan, jinan and sanya, further strengthening and deepening our regional presence.
in 2016, the group acquired interests in 36 new projects with an aggregate land consideration attributable to the group of rmb13.1 billion. for land acquisitions made during the year, the group avoided cities with signs of overheating while placed strong emphasis on laggard second-tier cities with great re-rating potentials such as wuhan, hangzhou, ningbo, tianjin, foshan and changsha. other than the traditional land sources from government public auctions and tenders, the group increasingly utilized private acquisitions of existing land projects from developers or land owners.
since two years ago, we have implemented management project co-investment scheme in land acquisitions. under such project coinvestment scheme, both the key local management team of the projects in relevant cities and the key management team at the headquarters of the group (other than the companys directors and their respective associates) are in-principle required to invest in the minority shadow equity in new development projects together with the company, while other employees (other than the companys directors and their respective associates) can also choose to co-invest.
during the year, the co-investment scheme continued to achieve its intended effects, contributing to good investment returns of our land investments, and aligning the common interests of our key management teams with those of our shareholders.review of 2016 (continued) land acquisitions (continued) as always, we have followed our systematic, disciplined and prudent approach for landbanking and we continued to seek cooperation with a wide range of joint venture partners for land acquisitions or urban 
in 2016, we further lowered our funding costs and improved our liability structure by utilizing lower-cost funding to replace highercost debts. the group made the following major progress in liability 
in 2016, the companys domestic wholly-owned subsidiary in china, cifi group co., ltd. (cifi china) issued domestic nonpublic corporate bonds (private domestic bonds) of rmb6 billion to qualified investors in the following tranches: in january 2016, cifi china issued the first tranche of private domestic bonds of rmb2.0 billion at coupon rate of 4.99% with maturity of 2 years (with the issuers right to adjust the coupon rate and a right of redemption exercisable by the holders at the end of the first year).
in september 2016, cifi china further issued second tranche of private domestic bonds comprising (i) rmb3.5 billion at coupon rate of 4.30% with maturity of 5 years (with the issuers right to adjust the coupon rate and investors option to require the issuer to repurchase the bonds, at the end of third year after the issue) and (ii) rmb500 million at coupon rate of 5.50% per annum, with tenure of 5 years.
proceeds from the private domestic bonds were primarily used for refinancing of onshore debts and general working capital.
review of 2016 (continued) liability management (continued) offshore financings (continued) in march 2016, the company signed an unsecured us$600 million three-year us dollarhong kong dollar club loan (march 2016 club loan) with an interest rate of liborhibor + 4% per annum. proceeds from the march 2016 club loan were primarily used for early redemption of the entire 12.25% coupon us dollar bonds due in 2018 (2018 due usd bonds) and general working capital.
in april 2016, the company completed the early redemption of entire us$500 million 12.25% coupon due 2018 usd bonds.
in december 2016, the company signed the following new 
5-year maturity, 5.50% coupon us dollar bonds due jan 2022 (2022 due usd bonds) of principal amount of 
unsecured 4-year us dollarhong kong dollar club loan (december 2016 club loan) with an interest rate of liborhibor + 3.70% per annum. the committed principal amount as at the date of the annual results announcement (pursuant to the amount committed under the initial agreement and supplemental agreements) was approximately us$303 million.
proceeds from the 2022 due usd bonds and december 2016 club loan were primarily used for early redemption of the entire 8.875% coupon us dollar bonds due in 2019 (2019 due usd bonds) and general working capital.
in february 2017, the company completed the early redemption of entire us$400 million 8.875% coupon due 2019 usd bonds.review of 2016 (continued) liability management (continued) 
in 2016, the group further enhanced its onshore and offshore credit ratings. during the year, cifi china achieved aa+ domestic credit ratings by onshore credit rating agencies china chengxin securities rating company limited and golden credit
rating international co. ltd.
in 2016, fitch upgraded our issuers credit rating outlook to bb (positive outlook), while standard & poors maintained our issuers credit rating outlook at bb- (stable outlook). in march 2017, moodys also upgraded our issuers credit rating outlook to ba3 (positive outlook).

starting in early 2016, the group started to use hedging instruments to mitigate the risks induced by the renminbi devaluation concerning non-rmb denominated indebtedness.
as at 31 december 2016, the group had entered into us dollar versus offshore rmb capped forward contracts to hedge and reduce our foreign currency exposure in non-rmb denominated indebtedness by us$1,098 million. subsequent to 31 december 2016, the group had further entered into additional capped forward contracts of us$450 million.

in 2016, the group sustained a prudent financial position. as at 31 december 2016, the groups: net debt-to-equity ratio was 50.4% (as at 31 december 2015: 
net debts (total indebtedness less cash-on-hand) amounted to rmb8,713.9 million (as at 31 december 2015: rmb9,049.7 
cash-on-hand level remained high at rmb20,677.3 million (as at 31 december 2015: rmb14,905.2 million); total indebtedness amounted to rmb29,391.1 million (as at 31 december 2015: rmb23,954.9 million); review of 2016 (continued) financial positions (continued) guaranteed joint venturesassociated companies debts amounted to rmb3,574.0 million (as at 31 december 2015: rmb2,744.2 
weighted average cost of indebtedness decreased to 5.5% (as at 31 december 2015: 7.2%); proportion of short-term borrowings in overall indebtedness remained low at 15.2% (as at 31 december 2015: 11.7%); proportion of unsecured indebtedness in overall indebtedness was 75.9% (as at 31 december 2015: 60.5%); and proportion of us dollarhk dollar denominated (non-rmb denominated) indebtedness in overall indebtedness was 44.0% (as at 31 december 2015: 43.8%), while proportion of unhedged us dollarhk dollar denominated (non-rmb denominated) indebtedness in overall indebtedness reduced to 20.9% (as at 31 december 2015: 43.8%).
as at 31 december 2016, unpaid committed land considerations attributable to the group were approximately rmb5,935.9 million (versus cash-on-hand of approximately rmb20,677.3 million). the group maintained a comfortable debt positions and off-balance sheet 
product capabilities and brand-building in 2016, our product structure further improved to emphasize on upgraders residential products with higher profit margin potential.
during the year, fully-fitted residential products increased to over 65% of our total residential contracted sales.
during the past two years, cifi combined its refined fitting specifications, environmentally-friendly and energy-saving technologies and elegant brand image to develop and launched its high-end residential park mansion brand. as at 31 december 2016, we launched 7 park mansion branded projects in shanghai, suzhou, hefei, nanjing and these projects all received overwhelming market 
review of 2016 (continued) customer satisfaction and employee engagement customers and employees are driving our future successes. the group is dedicated to improving its product quality and customer service to meet consumers needs and ever higher requirements. the group is also committed to train and retain a quality workforce to feed its expanding business needs.
based on the customer satisfaction and employee engagement surveys conducted annually by the third-party international consultancy firms engaged by the group, we recorded new high scores in overall customer satisfaction and employee engagement in 2016 compared with those for the previous years, demonstrated our continued improvement in brand and employee awareness programs.
real estate plus strategies the group started to implement its real estate plus business plans in 2016. real estate plus refers to the groups investments in new ventures complimentary to its main property business.
in the second half of 2016, the group (i) completed the disposal of 70% equity interest in its property management business (property management business) but retained a 30% stake in such business, which as a result was deconsolidated from the group; and (ii) also invested in a 30% stake in the business for the provision of industrialized construction services for the design, manufacture and supply of prefabricated construction units and modules and related services to the real estate sector (epc business). both the property management business and the epc are the core parts of the groups real estate plus strategies.
these real estate plus business as part of the real estate-related service sector in the prc enjoys enormous growth potential characterized by clear industry consolidation trends, massive market opportunities and benefits of utilizing innovations in industry reforms. they have great synergies with the groups core property developmentinvestment business by providing services to the group, and on the other hand could grow rapidly by expanding its business coverage to third-party, non-cifi customers. thus, it is more appropriate for the group to maintain a strategic minority stake in these ventures, enabling these ventures to adopt independent management structure and development strategies. we believed that these strategic investments have great return potential, while at the same time could effectively enhance the competitiveness of our core 
outlook for 2017 real estate industry environment overall, we anticipate chinas real estate market will slow down in 2017 as compared to 2016.
tighter policies and liquidity chinas real estates short-term cyclical fluctuations are highly correlated to government policies.
at present, the main themes of real estate policies are to keep property prices under control in hotspot first- and second-tier cities; while still to facilitate inventory clearance in other cities, especially third- and fourth-tier cities. it is expected that there is slim chance for policies in hotspot cities to reverse in 2017.
in terms of liquidity, the loose onshore monetary policies had ended.
in line with interest rate hike in the us, mounting pressures on rmb depreciation and capital outflow, it is expected that liquidity inclined to 
overall market correction overall real estate demand will be affected under the austerity measures. we expect that overall real estate transaction volume will correct in 2017.
after the industrys tremendous growth in transaction volume and loose monetary policies in the past two years, first home purchase demands have been fatigued. as property prices increased substantially and monetary policies started to tighten, it is expected that first-purchase demand could soften in 2017. the upgraders demand substantially depends on home purchase eligibility of non-local residents as well as mortgage policies for second home purchase.
following the austerity measures launched since the fourth quarter of 2016, first- and hotspot second-tier cities have tightened the home purchase eligibility by non-local residents and mortgage threshold for second home purchase. as such, it is also expected that upgraders demand would also be under pressure in 2017. third- and fourthtier cities are still facing high inventory level, and thus are sustaining favourable government policies. but their inventory clearance pressure 
nevertheless, fundamentals supporting real estate markets in firstand second-tier cities remain intact.
outlook for 2017 (continued) real estate industry environment (continued) overall market correction (continued) with the benefits of sustained population inflow and high level of developments, first-tier cities consistently enjoy massive economic resources, have low inventory level and scarce land supply; and thus robust real estate demand. when transaction volume contracts in 2017 as impacted by the tightening measures, property and land prices will still remain at high levels, with low chance of price crash.
overall transaction by area in second-tier cities will not drop substantially, but as market sentiment weakens during policies tightening, property and land prices will have higher chance of correction, especially when local governments becoming more proactive for increasing land supply. these cities (especially hotspot second-tier cities and third-tier cities benefiting from demand overflow by nearby first-tier cities), in addition to their industry and population transformation, will be further boosted by the formation of metropolitans with the neighboring cities. they are the city segments that offer most attractive opportunities and deserves most attentions in 2017.
the groups development strategies the group adopts the strategy of pursuing sustainable, prudent and quality growth which aims at enhancing profitability and controlling growth of debts, when pursuing fast growth in financial results and scale. cifi emphasizes both growth in scale and profitability, and stresses prudence in the course of fast growth. while achieving growth in scale, we strive to maintain strong profitability and to create shareholders value. while placing emphasis on financial results, we endeavor to improve our products and services.
from a long-term perspective, urbanization is the most important factor which dominates the development of real estate industry.
chinas urbanization process is far from saturation and still has a long way to develop. at present, chinas first- and large second-tier cities are transforming into regional metropolitans, thus offering massive development opportunities to the real estate industry.
outlook for 2017 (continued) the groups development strategies (continued) we are firmly bullish on the prospects of our main business in china real estate. we focus on chinas first- and large second-tier cities.
we grow and strengthen our main business, by expanding in cities within the core metropolitan areas. we thrive to become a respected developer brand in the mid-to-high end segment. on the other hand, we leverage on the profitability and scale of our strong main business to invest in strategic stakes in real estate plus businesses, aspiring to achieve attractive returns in these real estate ancillary sectors characterized by massive market scale with strong growth potential using new innovative business models.
the group has set an initial contracted sales target for the full year of 2017 at rmb65.00 billion, representing an increase of approximately 23% from the contracted sales in 2016. we expect during the early phase of market correction in the first half of the year, most secondtier cities still sustain last years market strength, thus market sentiment will be better than the second half of the year. our planned operating rhythm stresses accelerating sales clearance, expediting construction to ensure timely supply of saleable resources, launching sales at high sell-through ratio, realizing saleable resources at high prices, thus alleviating the market pressure in the second half. based on our anticipation of the market, our abundant saleable resources and conservative assumption due to expected market weakness, we are confident of achieving our 2017 yearly sales target.
in 2017, we will closely monitor the property and land price movements in hotspot second-tier cities. as property prices in these cities increased excessively, land prices in hotspot cities may lead the price drop due to effects of the austerity measures and market weakness as well as more proactive local land supply. this will indeed offer good land investment opportunities. furthermore, we are also bullish on the prospects of rental properties in first-tier cities, especially office projects. last year, we maximized sales while constrained land investments, thereby preserving our strong financial capacity and avoiding acquisition of land kings with aggressive prices and weak profitability. we expect that the upcoming year offers better investment opportunities compared to the previous year. when land prices show meaningful corrections, we will decisively make more land acquisitions, positioning us for the next upcoming market peak in 
outlook for 2017 (continued) the groups development strategies (continued) in spite of this years transitional industry correction, we expect chinas real estate market will sustain its tremendous scale and experience industry consolidation. we anticipate that market shares of top 20 developers will be doubled within the next five years. this represents a great development opportunity for cifi. in the next decade, china real estate will still be a sector intensely interfered by government policies. the real estate market in china will follow the features of short-cycle fluctuation from time to time. every cycle of market fluctuations offer development opportunities to cifi. our track records have demonstrated that it is indeed cifis strength to leverage upon opportunities from industrys fluctuation and achieve growth.

finally, on behalf of the board, i would like to express our sincere appreciation to all employees for their dedication and hard work, and to our shareholders, bondholders and business partners for their support in the past year.
cifi holdings (group) co. ltd.

