chairman s statement with the year 2010 quietly slipping by, cnooc limited has reached another milestone in the course of its development with your care and support. in reporting the company s major operating results, i hereby would like to sum it up in two key expressions a new era of growth and changes in management team . i will also share with you my thoughts on cnooc limited s future development in another key expression value creation as top priority .

a new era of growth as you know, in 2010, on the premise of implementing its established business strategies, cnooc limited has taken another big step forward in its business development including a signifi cant increase in production, breakthroughs in exploration, and remarkable fi nancial results. in addition, the company has made considerable achievements in its although the operating results of this year continued to show record development and enviable growth as in the previous years, in my view, and to cnooc limited, the long-term implication of this year s outstanding results has surpassed that of the previous years.
in 2009, with annual oil and gas production volume reaching 227.7 million boe, cnooc limited had already secured the leading position among the independent oil and gas companies in the world. at that time, the market was already concerned about whether the company could keep its rapid growth momentum on top of such large production base. in 2010, cnooc limited proactively addressed such market concern by achieving net production of 328.8 million boe, representing a signifi cant increase of 44.4%.
i understand that our investors goals are not limited to our record-breaking achievements in the past. what made me feel inspired is: cnooc limited is still capable of, on top of 10-year growth story, delivering further growth from the platform of such high production volume. in 2011, the company s annual production target is 355 to 365 million boe, and over the next fi ve years, the production target of the compound annual growth rate is between 6% and 10%.
i believe that cnooc limited s remarkable performance will dismiss any concerns whether its glory will only be a fl ash in the pan . the company is already well equipped with the strength to realize its long-term development target on a new production platform.
changes in management team while the remarkable growth was recorded in our results for the year, our management team was also growing at the same time. in 2010, the team was strengthened through changes made during the year. the injection of new force and the inheritance of experiences were carried out at the in the year, i officially resigned from the role of chief executive officer. during my seven year s term as chief executive offi cer, i worked sincerely with other members of senior management, and together we led cnooc limited to its outstanding growth and brought up our succession in 2010, our successors got ready to assume more responsibilities. the board made an unanimous decision that mr. yang hua, former president and chief financial offi cer of our company, will step into the new role as chief executive officer. mr. li fanrong, who has served the company for many years, was appointed as the president.
mr. zhong hua, the new chief financial offi cer, has also served in the offshore oil industry for almost 30 years.
i have confi dence in their ability, passion, and integrity with which they will lead cnooc limited to a bright future.
for this reason, i was able to resign from the role of chief executive offi cer without any worries.
in the future, as the chairman and together with other board members, i will be responsible for steering the direction of the company, to support and oversee the management team for its daily management and operations so as to ensure that the company will continue to create value and maintain a sustainable development.
value creation as top priority the company will continue to play the role of value creator for our shareholders.
in 2010, with its stock price appreciating 51.1% year over year, cnooc limited topped hong kong s blue chip companies. i believe that this has delivered to you substantial benefi t. in addition, the board has proposed a year end dividend of hk$0.25 per share.
our management team, as well as our entire staff and myself, are profoundly proud of such a remarkable value creating ability. i believe that our new management team will be able to further utilize and strengthen this ability.
in the future, in the course of achieving the value creation as top priority , i believe we need to focus on the following first of all, people although most of the company s present management team members are trained and promoted internally, we never close the door against the talented people outside. as we enter a new era of growth, cnooc limited needs to further rely on the ability of human talent and welcome new talent from outside in order to create more value.
secondly, a structured system from my point of view, talented people create value and a structured system can preserve value. although cnooc limited s existing body of system is already quite adequate, it will never be perfect. it is my hope that under the guardian of a more comprehensive system, all value discovered and created by us will be able to thirdly, business development for any company that is committed to growth, it must fight for more growing space and larger market share in order to create more value. besides the sophisticated operation on the home ground, one of the shortcuts to achieve growth is to set our eyes on the global arena. cnooc limited will not, and should not, confi ne itself to its current scale. while seeking growth in offshore china where we enjoy great potential and operational advantages, we will not give up any suitable chance to expand our business in other cnooc limited is moving forward in courageous strides to pursue growth. i hereby pledge that, although the road to achieving such growth target will be fi lled with barriers, the company will continue to move forward on this journey of value creation and sustainable development. i hope to win your continuous support while achieving this goal.

