chairmans statementdear shareholders, in 2016, the business environment was severe and complex. under the strong leadership of the board, the company, with the goal of becoming a world first-class company, thoroughly implemented the one, five and five strategy () of guodian group and carried out the activity of year for management innovation () in a deepgoing way with reform and innovation as its key drivers. it proactively adapted to the new normal and the new trend of power reform, striving to achieve a quality, efficient and sustainable development by virtue of advantages.
as at the end of 2016, the consolidated installed capacity of the company reached 19,494 mw, among which, the consolidated installed capacity of wind power reached 17,369 mw, making the company the worlds largest wind power operator. in 2016, wind power output reached 29.962 billion kwh, representing an increase of 4.253 billion kwh year-onyear.
the company recorded a profit before taxation of rmb5,150 million, representing an increase of 10.30% year-on-year. net profit attributable to equity holders of the company amounted to rmb3,549 million, representing an increase of 23.31% from 2015, the highest level in recent years. the company obtained approvals for wind power projects with installed capacity of 1,840 mw in 2016, including new wind power projects with installed capacity of 1,604 mw. in 2016, moodys, an international credit rating agency, upgraded the credit rating of the company from baa1 to a3.
2017 is a critical year that will link the past achievements with future development during the thirteenth five-year period and its a year full of hope. led by the five main development ideas (), we, following the main line of innovative management and development, will keep up with the national strategic deployment of energy. on the occasion of the new round of power system reform, we will continually improve and upgrade the stock assets, carefully build first-class earned assets and do our utmost in the operation, management and development of the company to build it into an innovative, management and benefits-oriented enterprise. we will accelerate the pace of building a world first-class new energy company in an all-round way to make more contributions in terms of coping with global climate change and building ecological civilization and a 
chairman of the board 
