chairman s statement in 2013, the business environment was severe and complex . under the strong leadership of the board and under the guide of the management, longyuan power made strenuous efforts in new energy development, and conducted effective exploration and practice to facilitate the transformation and development of the enterprise, all tasks and missions are completed successfully .
as at the end of 2013, the consolidated installed capacity of the group reached 14,073 mw, in particular, the consolidated installed capacity of wind power reached 11,910 mw, continuing to consolidate its status of no . 1 in china and asia as a whole, and no . 2 in the world . in 2013, despite the influence caused by the one-off factors such as the suspension of the cdm transaction of the company and the material impairment of assets, the group recorded a net profit attributable to the shareholders amounting to rmb2,049 million . wind power output for the year reached a record high of 21 .929 billion kwh, representing an increase of 30 .38% year-on-year . the installed capacity of the approved wind power projects amounted to 2,760 mw, which mostly located in the regions not subject to grid curtailment . the approved capacity reached the historically highest level and the layout of wind power development has been improved continuously . in 2013, the stock of the company has been strong, increasing by 86 .38% in the year . it was ranked no . 1 in hang seng china enterprises index and granted the third china securities golden bauhinia award .
facing the ardent expectation of investors at large, the huge burden of energy saving and emission reduction, and the pressing need of adjusting the energy structure, we have substantially undertaken the heavy responsibilities . developing new energy is an unshirkable obligation of us and sacred task that we take seriously . we shall continuously maintain our advantages in the new energy industry .
firstly, we will dedicate to industrial transformations and upgrades by closely following the strategic deployment of energy of the prc and capitalising the new energy development around the world .
we shall continuously optimise the development layout of wind power and further expedite offshore wind power development, reinforce the degree of overseas investment, steadily foster photovoltaic development, and expand the industrial development domain . secondly, we will endeavour to reform the systems and mechanisms by rapidly adopting corporate internal reforms, consistently perfecting the new regime and the new mechanism connected to the development scale of the company and industry characteristics of the new energy industry so as to optimise resource allocation and strengthen the internal momentum of corporate development . thirdly, we will endeavour to refine management by persisting to comply with the benchmark of international advanced enterprises management and continuously narrowing the gap in respect of strategic planning, investment construction, production and operation, technology research and development, capital operation and other aspects . we will enhance our management efficiency, profitability and market competitiveness . fourthly, we will focus on optimising our asset structure . through several years of rapid growth, the company has entered a new stage of quality development and efficient development . it is necessary for us to further optimise management and control systems, establish and perfect effective risk aversion and control mechanism, optimise assets by unloading burdens, and strengthen its capability of value creation and risk aversion .
fifthly, we will commit ourselves to establishing a harmonious enterprise by continuing to adhere to the operating principle of "developing wind power, saving resources, protecting environment and benefiting future generations" and promoting the distinctive corporate culture of "harmonious longyuan" . we will be bold to undertake social responsibilities, and achieve a healthy and sustainable development of the enterprise while delivering green energy .
we will continue to implement the strategy of "guiding enterprise transformation by stepping up the development of new energies", making every effort to operate, manage and develop china longyuan well and aspiring to establish a top-notch international new energy listed company that makes new and more contributions to overcome global climate change, and for building a beautiful china .

chairman of the board 