in 2016, the global economy recovered slowly, and economic development faced great uncertainty and endured an insufficient growth momentum. china witnessed a good beginning of the 13th five year plan, with its economy maintaining slow yet stable growth towards a positive trend of development. however, there were still some obvious problems existing in the economic operation of china. in the face of such an extraordinarily complex external environment, the group persisted in serving the real economy, proactively supported the supply-side structural reform, pushed development through transformation, led innovation through reform, and ensured quality through risk control. as a result, various businesses of the group recorded stable and sound 
at the end of 2016, the groups total assets exceeded rmb20 trillion. after absorbing the impact of five consecutive reductions of interest rates in the previous year and keeping stable allowances to non-performing loans (npls), the group recorded a net profit of rmb232,389 million, a yearon-year increase of 1.53%, realising the goals of stable operation and quarterly improvements on profit growth. our key financial indicators continued to lead the main peers. the return on average assets and the return on average equity were 1.18% and 15.44% respectively. total capital ratio and common equity tier one ratio of the group were 14.94% and 12.98% respectively. cost-to-income ratio was 27.51%, with earnings per share at rmb0.92. on account of the good operating results, the board proposed a final cash dividend of rmb0.278 per share (including tax).
we persisted in serving the real economy by following national economic strategies. the group closely followed up the implementation of key national strategies including the belt and road, yangtze river economic belt, coordinated development of beijing-tianjin-hebei region and the internationalisation of rmb, proactively leveraged on the new growth momentum of local infrastructure construction, and seized business opportunities arising from strategic emerging industries, advanced manufacturing industries and the transformation and upgrade of traditional industries. the group supported the development of real economy through various credit and non-credit financing channels including loans, wealth management, debt securities, leasing and trust, with the balance of infrastructure loans amounting to rmb2.90 trillion. in response to the supply-side structural reform, we continued to reduce credit to steel, cement, electrolytic aluminium and other industries with excess capacity, pioneered to provide market-oriented debt-to-equity swap service as governed by relevant laws, and granted more loans to small and micro enterprises as well as agriculture-related areas. we vigorously supported international capacity cooperation and going global strategy of enterprises, and carried forward rmb businesses in off-shore markets, with the accumulated amount of rmb clearing in ccb london branch exceeding rmb12 trillion, making the uk the largest rmb clearing centre outside asia.
we comprehensively pushed forward five transformations, maintaining the pre-emptive market advantages. through continuous reform in the system and mechanism, innovation in products and business models, and full use of the latest scientific and technological achievements, the group explored a new path that suited its transformation and development.
in the aspect of integrated operational layout, we have been pioneering the market. in 2016, we newly added a property and casualty insurance company and a cost consulting company, keeping the leading position in terms of the number of nonbanking and pan-finance licenses among peers. the market ranking and competitiveness of our subsidiaries saw a prominent improvement. we completed our global institutional layout basically, which covered 29 countries and regions, and the growth rates of total assets and net profit of overseas commercial banks reaching 16.19% and 3.24% respectively. strategic synergies between parent company and subsidiaries have been constantly deepened. we have increasingly refined our multi-functional services. we enhanced the ability of customised services based on platform establishment, and took lead in building financial ecosystem in key areas including social security, medical and healthcare, public transportation, culture and education, and communities. we have made stable and orderly adjustments in intensive management. we promoted the integration of operation centres regarding customer services, business handling, documentary business, and custody operation, and established business centres directly managed by the head office for assets management, financial institutional business and financial market business, thereby facilitating the optimisation of resources allocation and operational efficiency. the groups intensive use of capital achieved outstanding results, with the growth rate of risk-weighted assets for on and off-balance sheet significantly lower than that of businesses. we have recorded numerous highlights in creating an innovative bank. in 2016, we launched over 1,900 innovative products, established new business models including global cash management and smart scenario applications, and innovated the customer segmentation and operational methodology. in addition, we launched long pay to build new advantages in payments and settlements for all scenarios. we have continued to release functions relating to smart banking. the main project of new generation core banking system was well completed, providing a solid support for the groups transformation and development and business innovation. the enterprise-level big data platform was built up initially, with smart marketing and multiple other applications implemented. moreover, we released the smart function of oneclick signing for major businesses towards individual customers.
we accumulatively placed 43,000 smart teller machines (stms) handling over 217 million transactions.
we established a comprehensive network of risk prevention with quarterly improvement in asset quality. the group constantly improved the enterprise-wide system of risk management over credit and non-credit businesses, the parent company and subsidiaries, and domestic and overseas operations, with penetration to the level of customers and underlying assets. we also ensured full coverage and management of all entities, staff members, businesses, processes and all risk types. we promoted the pilot system of compliance officer and the establishment of compliance system, and introduced big data and it system control approaches, strengthening the comprehensive defensive line for compliance through our front, middle and back offices. we established a mechanism under which the management team joined in the risk management at an earlier stage to prevent, control and mitigate risks; we leveraged on big data and our models to enhance risk early-warning system; we closely tracked and prevented risks arising from fluctuations in exchange market, bond market, stock market and commodity market; we proactively adjusted credit structure, and tightly controlled risk exposures in response to the trend in industrial upgrades and the supply-side structural reform; we innovated market-oriented approaches of nonperforming assets disposal to improve the recovery and revitalising rates. the asset quality of the group became stable and achieved quarterly improvement. the groups npl ratio was 1.52%, a decrease of 0.06 percentage points from 
we proactively fulfilled corporate social responsibilities. in 2016, we made charitable donations of rmb74.42 million to various areas including education, medical and healthcare, poverty alleviation, disaster rescue and environmental protection. the group continued to donate to programmes including sponsorship for high school students, impoverished mothers of heroes and exemplary workers and healthy mother express, and support ccb hope primary schools and regions seriously stricken by flood and earthquake. we conducted targeted poverty alleviation in a solid way. to practise the philosophy of green development, we increased green credit extension. we newly established the consumer rights protection department so as to integrate such protection into daily operation and management.
in 2016, we received over 100 awards from various wellknown organisations both at home and abroad, including the best bank in china from euromoney, the best consumer bank and the best bank for liquidity management in asiapacific region in 2016 from global finance, the diamond award for rmb internationalization service from institutional investor, the best large-scale retail bank in china from the asian banker, and the most social responsible financial institution award from china banking association.
the group ranked second in terms of tier-one capital in the uk magazine the bankers worlds top 1000 banks in 2016 and ranked 22nd in the worlds top 500 of the us magazine fortune in 2016.
ms. chen yuanling, mr. xu tie, ms. margaret leung ko may
yee and mr. guo yanpeng resigned from their posts due to term arrangement and work change. at the 2015 annual general meeting, mr. zhang long, mr. chung shui ming timpson, mr. wim kok and mr. murray horn were re-elected as independent non-executive directors, and ms. anita fung yuen mei and mr. carl walter were newly elected as independent non-executive directors. on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express sincere gratitude to the resigned directors for their contributions to the group, and extend our warm welcome to the new members.
the year of 2017 is not only crucial for implementing the states 13th five year plan and pushing forward various reforms comprehensively, but also a vital time window for the groups transformation as if in the middle of a chess game.
the group will focus on the real economy service and supplyside structural reform with right insight on the macro trend, constantly consolidate the foundation for further development and deliver transformation bonus so as to bring good returns to our shareholders and customers.

29 march 2017 