in fy2017, we continued to lay the foundation for longterm growth, particularly in the areas of marketing, brand awareness, product development and operational efficiency. despite a slower-than-expected start to the year, during which felt the impact of unseasonable weather, terrorism attacks and economic and political uncertainties, we succeed in capping off the year with a resilient sales performance and highest ever profit since our listing.
this result demonstrates that our omni-channel sales strategy and brand building efforts have really come to the fore, particularly when looking at the many bright spots in our business, namely the rapid growth we are seeing in emerging markets, particularly china and brazil, as well as the growing contribution from all of our emerging brands melvita, loccitane au brsil and erborian. whether it is online or in our retail stores, it is heartening to see growing demand for loccitanes products made with high-quality, natural and sustainable ingredients, particularly among socially conscious millennials.
our pleasurable challenge now is to find new ways to engage both regular and new customers and increase our visibility vis--vis the competition - and to this end, we have many innovative, breakthrough products in the pipeline, especially in the areas of face care and fragrances, and in the near future, colour cosmetics. the level of innovation that we are aiming for is exemplified in the two new products that we launched in fy2017 divine harmony, our inspiring range of premium face care products, and commitments are at the heart of the group. we are committed to generous, caring and eco-friendly approaches that unlock the secret of beauty from natural ingredients sourced ethically and sustainably.
this spirit is also reflected in our devotion to charity works, especially the union for vision program to fight against avoidable blindness around the world.
terre de lumire, our first multifaceted fragrance. both of these have been very well received, with the latter boosting brand awareness in many countries and being named by the independent in the united kingdom as the best buy of the 12 best new fragrances for spring in february 2017.
these two product lines are just the vanguard of what is to come. in particular, i am very excited about our recent us$128.0 million investment in u.s.-based limelight by alcone (limelight), an initiative that we hope will speed up our expansion into the colour cosmetics sector and add value to our omni-channel sales strategy through its unique distribution and online sales business model.
our plans for this investment are ambitious; within the next two years or so, we plan to expand the business to several key markets outside of the united states.
limelights peer-to-peer marketing model will allow us to do this with minimal investment, to the extent that we expect limelight to quickly grow to be much larger than our other emerging brands combined.
this goal may seem optimistic, but we truly could not have found a better partner than limelight: a company that is already profitable after just two years of operation with no debt or significant obligations. it offers an impressive combination of great products; extensive digital, social media and word-of-mouth presence; and direct out-of-store and relationshipbased marketing structure making us extremely confident about its short-term and long-term growth 
at the right time, we hope to make more highpotential investments provided that they align with our corporate ethos of using the best natural ingredients and respecting the environment. another initiative that i am thrilled to share is our plan to introduce new sunshine concept flagship stores, which are expected to create more buzz after our recently renovated les halles store in paris, flatiron flagship store in new york city and shinjuku flagship store in tokyo, all of which feature modern design and memorable state-of-the-art digital technology experiences that share the true and unique stories of the loccitane en provence brand. we very much look forward to opening more of these landmark stores in key markets in the coming years, including a new flagship store in paris as well as another in 
the performance of our online channels was another highlight of fy2017 where it is clear that our investments are also paying off. our welcoming and increasingly personalised self-owned e-commerce websites, mobile sites, third-party marketplaces and social media presences have continued to attract solid traffic and higher conversion rates, so much so that we are achieving higher proportional revenue compared to many of our peers in the affordable 
apart from launching new products and exciting stores, there were many other notable achievements.
for example, our digital marketing and brand awareness efforts, such as our recent hugely successful brand ambassador campaign in china and tv advertisement campaign in japan, were also instrumental in driving traffic to our physical storefronts and e-commerce business.
i am also pleased to report that for the second consecutive year, we picked up three awards at the hkira 3rd investor relations awards 2017 as we continue to be recognised for our efforts to engage with investors and other important stakeholders.
looking forward to the coming financial year, many of our priorities will be internally-focused. further improving operational efficiency will be essential for protecting our margins and profitability. at the same time, the new pricing and merchandising strategies being implemented by our new chief growth officer will see a greater emphasis being placed on our existing and future hero products our most wellknown and bestselling skincare product lines that have proven most effective in introducing new customers to our high-quality, unique and natural offerings. under this strategy, we also plan to testrun further streamlined and customer-centric store layouts to provide our customers with an easier, more navigable and more enjoyable shopping experience, driving sales growth.
at a more external level, we will continue to intelligently and efficiently optimise our omni-channel sales and expansion strategy to enhance 360-degree consumer experiences, while adding more innovative and enchanting products and boosting our digital marketing and brand awareness to better engage with our customers and indulge their senses. this will bring us closer to achieving our goal to be the number one natural brand in the affordable premium segment and create lasting value for our shareholders. we thank you for your support.
