chairman s statement 6 june 2016 coupled with the brand awareness investment and 40th year anniversary, fy2016 was a year of great changes for l occitane; a year to be marked by digital evolutions for stronger future growth. we ve conducted a series of investments with an ambition to become the best in natural skincare, unlock growth potential for l occitane and emerging brands, as well as to spread natural lifestyle through our true stories embedded in great our strong commitment and stringent execution in fy2016 were rewarded, beyond expectations, by superior growth and decent margins. under the backdrop of global political and economic unrest, we ve delivered a strong 8.9% sales growth fueled by omni- channel strategy. part of the growth is also attributable to our capability to innovate and enrich product offerings, as well as to the outperforming emerging brands. melvita and l occitane au brsil contributed marvelous growth in france, japan, and brazil. the inauguration of our erborian boutique in taiwan in april 2016 gained lasting traction, following the openings in france, russia and korea earlier during the year.

with the continuous passion in quality skin care products in the finest natural ingredients and curiosity to the secret of natural beauty, our strong new product pipelines from reine blanche, shea face, cdrat, divine to limited collection such as pierre herm cross-over, one by one excited our loyal customers, penetrated to new users, and revolutionized the natural, premium beauty market. reine blanche was again in-house developed by our state-of-the-art laboratory, featuring a whitening solution to illuminate skin in the gentlest way with organic reine des prs that sourced from south of france. we shall continue to attract good followings in the coming quarters with superior additions to our signature divine collection- harmonie divine, as well as the sexy new perfume line - terre de lumiere.
our most valuable assets and persistent core values under this ever-changing world are entrepreneurship and cohesive team. our entrepreneurial spirit guided us through many significant moments, in particular our digital revolution and the brand awareness program to celebrate our 40th year anniversary. with the eagerness to explore and unveil our growth potential, we ve formulated a secret recipe for innovative marketing campaigns under this new digital era. after skin care campaign , we will also be launching living beauty campaign to actively engage more premium skincare users with our iconic anti-aging best seller - divine range.
in order to enhance in-store experience so as to bring our customization to an even higher level, we ve upgraded our international e-commerce platform and refined mobile commerce interface.
we are pleased to see the migration and integration of our online platform and crm system in japan achieved great progress, which will facilitate a stronger long term growth there. we will also continue infuse digical (digital + physical) concept to our on-line and physical touch points and open a digical flagship at the prime location. the success of our omni-channel strategy is well endorsed by outperforming e-commerce business and good store traffic backed by new interest and loyal clientele.
within the context of the growth of our group, respect for environment, community and human capital is equally important as business. the ongoing engagement with all of our stakeholders enriched our core value while embracing great initiatives. from product development, production to sales and distribution, all of our activities are covered by iso 14001-certified management system, which endorsed our efforts to decrease environmental impact. i am proud to see that our union for vision programme to unite employees for eye care charity activities reached an impressive results: two million people have received eye care. we are aiming to raise this number to 10 million beneficiaries by year 2020. most important of all, this caring culture also cultivated a sustainable and balanced talent pool to support our growth. we are dedicated to making our group a great place to work and have launched the study across countries to support such coupled with the
investment and 40th fy2016 was a year of great changes for
with a wide range of offerings focused on natural lifestyle and experience to cater the burgeoning demand for premium cosmetics, l occitane is well prepared to boost great performance in the coming years. we reckoned the growing crave for comforting, well-being products will continue to fuel our business growth in a more stressful world. 90% of our products launched during the past year contained at least 90% naturally derived ingredients, showing our commitment and capability of making our formulas even more natural.
the terror attacks in europe and natural disasters in some regions did not quite tear apart our confidence and solidarity; we instead experienced a worldwide unity within our company which reaffirmed that we are well positioned to tap into growth opportunities in the face of challenging times. our exciting face care product pipelines in the months to come shall demonstrate our innovative capability and is expected to unveil a tremendous start to our peak season. in addition to the professional and dedicated management team, the recent three awards l occitane garnered at the 2016 investor relations awards organised by hkira further testified our commitment to investors. we believe our focused and disciplined investment will create lasting value in return of the unwavering support from our 