letter to shareholders 
we are pleased to announce that smic recorded historical highs in all key profitability indices including gross profit margin, operating profit and net profit for 2015. notwithstanding the uncertainty in the industry and a slowdown of demand growth in the smartphone market last year, we achieved great results including profit growth for four consecutive quarters and an overall utilization rate of over 100% for three consecutive quarters. it is expected that revenues for the first quarter of this year will also continue to grow. in 2015, we recorded a historical high in annual revenues of us$2.24 billion, representing an increase of 13.5% yoy, and continued to achieve full year profitability. net profit attributable to owners of the company exceeded us$250 million, an increase of 65.7% yoy. as of the end of the fourth quarter of last year, we achieved our fifteenth consecutive profitable quarter. we recorded an annual gross profit margin of 30.5% and an ebitda margin around 35%. as of the end of last year, our total debt to total equity ratio was 33.8% and our net debt to total equity ratio was 3.0%. the company has maintained a healthy capital structure. smic has secured investment grade credit ratings from both standard & poors and moodys and an aaa rating, the highest credit rating in china, from ccx, reflecting the companys strong business fundamentals for the past two years and the increasing support and recognition from domestic and international credit rating agencies and investors. looking forward, sustainable profitability continues to be our primary objective.
in 2015, contrary to the industry trend, smics substantial growth reflected the success of our positioning in china and the successful execution of our differentiation strategy to diversify products and customers. in 2015, revenues from prc-based customers achieved an annual growth of over 25%. annual revenues from our eurasia region also recorded a growth of over 50%. last year, revenues from 0.11m to 0.35m technology increased by 4.7% yoy, of which the annual growth rate for sensor-related technology was over 30%. with the launch of new technology and the expansion of capacity, it is expected that our differentiated processes will generate increasing revenues. in addition, customers orders for advanced node processes have been robust. the capacity utilization in our 12-inch fab recovered rapidly. despite the inventory correction in the industry, we maintained significant growth in our revenues from 4045nm process last year, recording 63% year-on-year growth. we commenced mass production of our 28nm process and began to generate revenues during the third quarter of last year. during the second half of last year, our 8-inch fab in shenzhen and our new 12-inch fab in beijing commenced production and have installed 13,000 and 6,000 wafers per month capacity, respectively. in order to capture the market opportunities and strengthen our competitive edge in differentiated technology, we plan to continue to expand the capacity of these two fabs in order to meet the growing customer demand this year.
last year, we incorporated smic holdings corporation (smic holdings), which will assume the role of regional headquarters, overseeing management functions in the china region. smic holdings was established as part of smics integrated strategy to lay the foundation for its long term development. smic holdings will use the regional headquarters to improve the sharing of company resources and workflow, which will enhance efficiency in the companys decision making, increase management capabilities, and reduce 
in november last year, we donated a total of rmb300,000 to the tianjin charity association for setting up the rehabilitation fund for firemen, which will provide rehabilitation services to the firemen injured in the explosion in tianjin on 12 august. this is the first fund that smic has set up for special rescue service personnel. we hope to make a contribution to the rehabilitation of those injured firemen through this fund; as smic has an 8-inch fab in tianjin, this is in line with smics unwavering objectives of corporate social responsibility to care for people, care for the environment, and care for society.
we are pleased to welcome mr. lu jun to join the board as non-executive director. we believe that his extensive experience in the investment industry and deep understanding of industry policies will make contributions to the long-term development of the company.
2015 was an incredibly successful year, thanks to our comprehensive preparations made in the prior years by improving our technology and relationships with customers. as we have reached full utilizations and our 28nm technology has entered into mass production, we will increase capital investment in 2016 to address the capacity constraints and expand our market share. with the availability of new additional capacity, we target to achieve above-industry-average revenue growth in 2016. we shall continue to benefit from opportunities brought by the china market, mobile products, smart consumer products, and internet of things (iot). we are committed to diligently and carefully execute our business plan for the best interests of our shareholders. we would like to again express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and employees for their continued care and support of smics development.
zhou zixue ty chiu
chairman of the board and executive director chief executive officer and executive director 
march 30, 2016 