chairman and ceo statement now we are well positioned to reap the benefits of our transformation with a 
across our existing businesses as well as new lines of devices and services driven by the cloud. i am confident in both our strategy and team and that lenovos best days are yet to come.
fy201617 has been a year of transformation for lenovo balancing growth and profitability in our core business, while building our smartphone and data center businesses into growth engines. we continued to deliver solid performance in our core pc business, driven by success in fast-growing areas such as gaming pcs, chromebooks, workstations, detachables and millennial pcs. at the same time our smartphone business has started to see good traction, in particular from key growth markets such as india and brazil, which together have contributed significantly to our overall performance in mobile. in the data center business we continued our transformation journey by reinvigorating the business with a new leader to speed up our return to growth and secure our future ambitions. outside of our three core business units we continue to focus on short-, medium- and long-term investments and opportunities in emerging technologies through both our research and technology teams, as well as our lenovo capital and incubator group.
externally the trading environment across all our geographies and businesses was challenging something encountered by our whole industry. emerging markets faced continued currency volatility; the pc market remained flat; industry component costs increased significantly in the second half of the year; growth and spending in china slowed, and global economic uncertainty resulting from both brexit and the new us administration have made the last 12 months one of the most unpredictable years to do business in.
despite these external hurdles we achieved some key successes. we built a strategy and structure that will guide strong execution worldwide and enable our diversified business to flourish in the years ahead. by doing so we have reinforced our foundations for a new era of long-term growth and position as a global technology 
achievements in 20162017 record market share of 21.4% in pcs. focused on new high-growth markets such as gaming pcs (grew 34%); detachables (grew 69%); millennial pcs (grew 219%); chromebooks (grew 88%) and workstations (grew 10%). continued to deliver 
attracted industry-leading talent to our executive team kirk skaugen joined from intel as executive vice president and president of the data center group; laura quatela from roles at alcatel-lucent and kodak as senior vice president and chief legal officer, and dr yong rui from microsoft as senior vice president and chief 
launched the industrys first modular smartphone with the moto z on track to sell 3 million units in the first 12 months since launch.
strong progress in key smartphone market of india and brazil where we ranked as number 2, contributing to our global ranking of number 5 (excluding china).
grown our data center revenue with key global accounts growing by 16 percent year-on-year.
introduced a revolutionary low temperature solder (lts) manufacturing process, estimated to reduce carbon emissions by 35 percent while also increasing efficiency.
something that in time we will license to the wider 
evolved our focus beyond pcs and tablets to wider personal computing including launch of award winning smart assistant at ces 2017 which achieved 14 awards, as well as launching the industrys first google tango enabled augmented reality (ar) device.
won some of the industrys highest accolades for product innovation and design 18 red dot design awards; 6 if awards; 149 awards across major industry events ces, mwc and ifa. in addition, laptop magazine named lenovo best laptop brand unseating the incumbent who had held the position for the past five years. the award was based on a combination of innovation; support; valueselection; warranty 
further recognised for advancements in our brand recognition and value as we were ranked in interbrands 100 best global brands for the second year running. we were also ranked as number 1 in brand zs top 30 chinese global brands ongoing recognition for our good business practices, including receiving a 100% rating in the human rights corporate equality index; included in corporate knights worlds most sustainable corporations index and rated csr gold by the ecovadis sustainability assessment platform and in the top 2% of supplier in all categories.
we are very proud of these achievements but overall our results were not as strong as we had hoped. not only were we hampered by external trading conditions, but the integration of our motorola mobility and ibm system x acquisitions was more challenging and took more time than we had initially anticipated. lenovo has grown from a single business focusing on just pcs to a much broader and more complex portfolio of businesses, each at a different stage of maturity and therefore having different priorities. as a result we have established a multi-business operating system to manage each business differently. clear ownership is identified and each business can leverage the resources of the corporate platform and build its own capabilities necessary for growth. alongside this we have our 3-wave strategy.

pcs remain our stronghold. we have achieved industry-leading profitability in pcs and smart devices and our aim is to balance this profitability with new growth areas in the wider personal computing space. to do this we will better understand our customers needs and innovate accordingly. this approach has already helped us to uncover high-growth areas and market segments worth investing in where we can excel. we have taken this one step further with our pc and smart devices business by moving away from a structure focused on traditional product areas to one that focus on three customer segments, namely: consumer, commercial and smb. each customer segment now has full end-to-end accountability and ownership of its 
as we evolve our innovation in the wider personal computing space we are confident that we can capitalise on new growth areas as well as benefit from the ongoing consolidation in the traditional pc sector to gain overall share and 
over the past two years lenovo has strategically expanded and diversified through acquisitions. our focus now is on how to turn these into profit engines. in our mobile business group, we have simplified our offering to a single, smarter global product portfolio that optimises costs and unifies the portfolio under one moto brand. we have refocused efforts on key growth markets and are targeting markets where we know we can gain share. we have invested in our carrier relationships across the world to drive growth and opportunity and our moto z is on track to sell 3 million units in its first 12 months of launch. our target is to achieve breakeven in the second half of fiscal year 1718.
in our data center business, we have restructured our business around five of the fastest growing market segments: hyperscale infrastructure; software defined data center; high performance computing and artificial intelligence; solutionsbased
data center infrastructure, and services. we have recruited new talent where needed to drive these segments and are bolstering our sales capabilities in all areas to ensure we can meet our goal to become one of the worlds top three trusted data center players.

our third wave capitalizes on the opportunities that an era of device + cloud presents where we can give wings of connectivity to existing devices as well as create new devices that provide specific services. we are looking at three core areas: intelligent devices; intelligent cloud and intelligent services.
together this focus, fuelled by artificial intelligence (ai), has the power to change the way we live, the way we work and the societies that we live in.
although lenovo has traditionally been seen as a device company, we know the future will be no service, no device meaning our devices have to provide specific services for our users. we have already made great strides in this 3rd wave from the likes of lenovo connect, an mvno fuelled e-sim card that makes users always online and always connected, to some of the exciting device+cloud technologies such as our smart home assistant launched in january at ces.
vision for the future
the vision for our future is very clear. in this smart internet era, lenovo will provide smart devices that integrate applications, services and the best user experience, as well as robust cloud infrastructure to make life easier and better, and work more productive and efficient.
but in todays business environment we recognize that we will not win a customer if we do not win their heart first. we always focus on the best product quality, delivery, user experience and services we can for customers but we know we can do more. every employee now has customer-centric performance measures built into their development and across the business we are tracking key indicators to ensure that every element of our value-chain is thinking about what is important to 
we also recognize that we need to do things differently. the entire company has embraced and is aligned to a common idea that different is better. from the fundamentally different innovations we continually bring to market, to the way we challenge how we do business to make it better for our customers and partners.
from thinking differently about how we approach a seemingly everyday task, to acting differently in all that we do.
although we expect trading conditions to remain tough in many areas we remain confident and positive about the future. our focus this year has been to maintain our industry leading profitability in pcs while building our mobile and data center businesses into new growth and profit engines. this focus means we are accelerating our transformation from merely a device player to a device + cloud one. we know it is not easy to balance strong profitability in our core business and fully integrate the two acquired businesses and also make the transformation to a device + cloud company. we have worked diligently to finish the hard part of the job and have built the right foundations over the past fiscal year. now we are well positioned to reap the benefits of that transformation with a stronger performance across our existing businesses as well as new lines of devices and services driven by 
i am confident in both our strategy and team and that lenovos best days are yet to 
chairman and chief executive officer
