on behalf of future land development holdings limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the group), i am pleased to present to the shareholders of the company (the shareholders) the audited annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016.
review for the year of 2016 in 2016, the group firmly upheld its established strategies and achieved milestones in numerous aspects. as to its real estate business (being its core business), the group achieved contracted sales of rmb65.06 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 103.8%, significantly ahead of the industrys average growth rate of 40%. according to the real estate sales of tens-billion enterprises ranking for 2016 published by an independent third party, the group ranks at no.15 by virtue of its remarkable results, further consolidating the groups leading position in chinas real estate sector. during the year, the group constantly set new records for single-month contracted sales with an average selling price for contracted sales of more than rmb12,000 per sq.m., laying a solid foundation for revenues and profit to be recognised in the coming year. meanwhile, the group continued its regional expansion strategy and strategically acquired land resources, including 40 prime land parcels obtained during the year with its land reserve increased by approximately 14,240,000 sq.m. in gross floor area (gfa), further augmenting the groups existing market share and deepening its global strategic expansion. as to commercial operation, 5 new injoy plazas were opened during the year, each of which received over 300,000 visits on their opening day, adding up to a total of 11 injoy plazas with an occupancy rate of 98.96%.
while continuously developing its core business of real estate, the group also actively explored on four aspects, namely asset-light, finance, diversification and investment during the year.
regarding the asset-light operation model, the group set up an asset securitization scheme for qingpu injoy plaza project, which created a new reits investment model for commercial complex in china and achieved a breakthrough in securitization of the groups commercial assets. in the meantime, the group started to launch management services for its commercial management business and successfully contracted for the overall operation and management of zhuji injoy plaza and qingdao injoy plaza. as to financial services, future land holdings co., ltd.* () (future land holdings, a subsidiary of the company), as a promoter in partnership with six large enterprises, established guofeng life insurance co., ltd* () with a view to optimizing the capital structure through strategic expansion into insurance business and bringing long-term investment income to the group. as to business diversification, shanghai xingyi cinema management co., ltd.* ( ) (shanghai xingyi), a subsidiary of the group, cooperated with imax china holding inc. (imax china) and its parent company imax corporation to establish 10 imax cinemas, with a view to enhancing the competitiveness of our injoy plaza brand and generate new revenue streams for the group. as to investment, the group continuously explored new opportunities and set up a joint venture named jiangsu minying investment holdings co., ltd* ( ) in collaboration with ten large enterprises, including jiangsu shagang group co; ltd* () (jiangsu shagang group), cgl capital management limited* ( ) (cgl capital) and hongdou group co., ltd* ( ) (hongdou group) in respect of joint development of four major business platforms, namely financial holding, industry consolidation, asset management and international cooperation.

during the year, the group launched competitive projects at times appropriate to the market, and achieved contracted sales for the year of rmb65.06 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 103.8%, setting a record in the companys history and exceeding the annual sales target of rmb52.0 billion by 125%. the average selling price for contracted sales for the year reached rmb12,090 per sq.m., a 22% increase over that for the year of 2015. the increased sales and average selling price laid a solid foundation for future achievement of revenue and the steady increase in profit of the group.

during the year, by adhering to the 1+3 expansion strategies of focusing on shanghai and yangtze river delta while expanding into pearl river delta, bohai rim and central and western china, the group actively expanded into other markets with high growth potential across the country while developing further into existing cities. in addition to consolidating its market shares in the first-tier and second-tier cities, such as shanghai, suzhou, nanjing and hangzhou, the group further expanded its business geographic coverage by expanding into key cities in bohai rim (namely tianjin) and pearl river delta (namely foshan), which enabled the group to further extend its strategic coverage and to leverage on its advantage in scale.
the group, through seizing opportunities in the land market, obtained 40 new land parcels during the year, which added to the land reserve by an additional gfa of approximately 14,240,000 sq.m. as at 31 december 2016, the group had a land bank of a total gfa of 35,320,000 sq.m., which was enough to support its development in the next 3 to 4 years.
during the year, the group strengthened its cooperation with outstanding fellow developers including vanke, country garden, china merchants property, poly real estate and jinmao holdings, to generate greater synergies. with an open attitude, the group wishes to proactively boost external cooperation and mutual improvement, while effectively reducing investment and operational risks.

in 2016, the group recorded operation revenue of rmb28,232.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 18.4% as compared with 2015. core earnings attributable to the shareholders was rmb1,156.0 million, representing an increase of 59.71% as compared with 2015.
the group has maintained a stable and prudent approach to financial management, dedicated to optimization of debt structure, improvement of capital-utilization efficiency and reduction of financing costs over the years. fitch, an international rating agency, upgraded its ratings for the group and its debts from b+ to bb- in march 2016, and upgraded the groups prospect from stable to positive in october 2016, as a recognition of the groups ability in high-efficiency sales, multiple financing sources and strong liquidity.
during the year, the group continued to secure low cost financing support. in january, the group obtained a total of rmb15.0 billion new bank credit lines from two domestic banks. by the end of june, future land holdings, a subsidiary of the group, set up an industry fund in cooperation with ping an bank co., ltd., which provided the intentional investment quota of an aggregate amount of rmb10.0 billion to be used in real estate projects. on 1 july, china securities regulatory commission considered and approved the application made by future land holdings in relation to the non-public issuance of up to rmb3.8 billion of a shares. in march, august, september and october, the group successfully issued domestic corporate bonds of rmb8 billion in total, with a low weighted average cost of 4.74%.
benefiting from these abundant financial support, the group was able to further optimize its debt structure and reduce its overall financing costs. as at 31 december 2016, available financial resources amounted at rmb59.8 billion, the weighted average financing cost of the group was 5.7%, representing a decrease of 1.5 percentage points as compared with 2015.

during the year, while steadily developing residential projects, the group also accelerated in its commercial operation. in 2016, the group opened 5 new commercial plazas under its injoy series at haikou, nanchang, jintan, chengdu and anqing, each of which received over 300,000 visits on their opening day. by the end of the year, the group had opened a total of 11 injoy plazas, with an occupancy rate of 98.96% for the year, demonstrating the groups unique vision in business layout.
meanwhile, the group had started to promote its asset-light operation model, in order to create more possibilities for asset management.
in june 2016, the group transferred shanghai qingpu injoy plaza to shanghai orient securities asset management company limited* ( ) and initiated and incorporated orient assetqingpu injoy plaza asset securitization scheme, which had generated cash flow for the group, shortened the investment payback period of commercial property, optimized asset structure and improved our 
the groups strong commercial resources and professional operation capabilities continuously gained popularity among quality enterprises.
in september and november 2016, the group provided commercial management services for the landlords of zhejiang yongli central city () and qingdao dream time square (), completed repositioning and explored business opportunities for both of them and ultimately transformed them into zhuji yongli injoy plaza and qingdao injoy plaza, respectively. provision of commercial management services will further assist the group in expanding its business in the commercial complexes in china, gaining management revenue and enhancing brand image, which will be beneficial to the groups longterm 
diversification and investment
the group had fully capitalized on the booming business opportunities brought about by the rapid development of the cinema market in china and proactively expanded into the cinema industry to enhance the comprehensive business competitiveness of its injoy brand. in may 2016, shanghai xingyi, a subsidiary of the group, cooperated with imax china and its parent company imax corporation in establishing 10 imax cinemas, all of which will be located in the injoy plazas in different regions across china and targeted to be opened by the end of 2017, generating new revenue streams for the group.
in view of the huge potential of the insurance industry in china, as well as the opportunities for expanding financing channels and diversifying business development to be brought about by the insurance industry, in june 2016, the group , through its subsidiary future land holdings, established guofeng life insurance co., ltd. together with six other large enterprises with a total capital contribution of rmb1.5 billion. the group believes that its expansion into the financial services sector will keep it in pace with the financialization trend of the industry, create new momentum for the group and achieve long-term investment 
as for investment, during the year, the group had set up a joint venture named jiangsu minying investment holdings co., ltd in collaboration with ten large enterprises, including jiangsu shagang group, cgl capital and hongdou group in respect of joint development of four major business platforms, namely financial holding, industry consolidation, asset management and international cooperation.

in 2017, the overall demand for the real estate market is expected to remain stable, but with faster expansion of leading real estate enterprises and increasing industry concentration, competition will become more intense. our ability to maintain a healthy growth, build up our own advantages, consolidate our regional expansions and develop new business models in the new historical era will directly determine whether we could secure a place in the increasingly diverged market.
based on the above judgments and development planning, the group will timely identify changes in market demands, and create upgraded products tailored to the needs of our target customers. meanwhile, the group will hold on to its 1+3 regional expansion strategy, develop further in the existing cities, enhance the city-level companies ability to expand land bank. financially, the group will adhere to a stringent and prudent financial policy, further optimize the capital structure, take full advantage of the diversified financing channels to reduce financing costs and enhance the risk resistance ability of the group. the group will speed up turnover of development projects and actively implement strategies to clean up inventory, secure sufficient supply of projects to steadily increase the contract sales. in addition, the group will maintain strict control over collection of sales receivable and cost and expenses, try to increase its cash flows and profit margin. as for commercial properties, the group will further enhance the injoy brand and its nation-wide exposure and divert its investment to undervalued areas in the cities or segments. at the same time, we will actively develop assetlight business model to enhance the resilience and operational capacity of our commercial projects. based on the above factors, the group is confident in our continued high performance. the group is targeting a contracted sales for 2017 at rmb85.0 billion and a rental and management fees income for its commercial projects at rmb1.0 billion.
in the next 5 to 10 years, the group will concentrate on what we do best, with real estate development and commercial operation as our primary businesses, and other diversified businesses nurtured by our core real estate business serving as new sources for increased earnings for the group. it is our belief that, with abundant industry experience accumulated over the past 24 years, a firm foundation of regional expansions, strong capital resources, increasingly strengthened brand image and continuous efforts from our staff, the group will achieve 
the groups steady growth is attributable to the enormous support from relevant parties and selfless contribution from our staff. on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express our wholehearted gratitude to the staff, shareholders, investors, partners and customers of the group for their trust and support. bearing in mind the motto of hearty dedication just for you (, ), we will continue to undertake our corporate social responsibilities, give back to society and create better returns for our customers, shareholders and investors.wang zhenhua 
24 february 2017 shanghai, the prc 