on behalf of hengan international group company limited (hengan international or the group), i present its annual results for the year ended 31 december 2016. during the year under review, the global political and economic environments were volatile with the occurrence of a few black swan events one after another, in particular, britains decision to leave the european union through a referendum and donald trumps victory in the u.s presidential election surprised the world the most. despite an economic slowdown in china during the year and the continuous depreciation of rmb, the chinese government accelerated reforms and innovations to spur domestic consumption. chinas two-child policy along with the countrys ongoing urbanization process and rising income of chinese citizens will bode well for the development of high-quality personal and household hygiene products market. as a leading company in the market for personal care and family hygiene products in mainland china, hengan leverages its brand equity, economies of scale and the spirit of continuous innovation to grasp opportunities in the changing market and drive its consistent business growth.
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the groups revenue from continuing operations amounted to approximately rmb19,277,397,000 (2015: rmb18,662,576,000), representing an increase of about 3.3% over the prior year. profit for continuing operations attributable to the shareholders of the company was approximately rmb3,471,746,000 (2015: rmb3,233,204,000), an increase of approximately 7.4% compared with that of previous year. overall profit attributable to shareholders increased by about 10.3% to approximately rmb3,596,821,000 (2015: rmb3,259,863,000). overall basic earnings per share were approximately rmb2.967 (2015: rmb2.667). the board of directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of rmb1.10 per share (2015: rmb0.96), which together with the interim dividend of rmb0.85 per share (2015: rmb0.78), bringing the annual dividend to rmb1.95 per share (2015: rmb1.74).
during the year under review, despite the intense competition in the market, the group flexibly adjusted its sales and marketing strategy, thus making steady progress in its major business and achieving continuous growth in the businesses of tissue paper and sanitary napkin. the tissue paper business continued to be the groups major revenue source, accounting for approximately 47.0% of the groups revenue from continuing operations. the businesses of sanitary napkin and disposable diaper accounted for approximately 34.1% and 11.2% respectively of the groups total revenue from continuing operations. benefitting from the optimized product portfolio, the launch of several upgraded products, as well as low prices of major raw materials such as tissue wood pulp and petrochemical products during the year, the groups businesses of tissue paper and disposable diapers saw their gross profit margins increase.
hengan international consistently upheld its corporate spirit of integrity, diligence, innovation and dedication. over the years, the group continued to learn, improve, transform and upgrade its products and operations to provide the public with high-quality personal and household hygiene products, attending to customers needs as well as growing with them. in addition to product innovation, hengan made continuous adjustments to its business structure to keep abreast of the changes in the market. since 2013, the group has been pushing forward its third management reform through collaborations with multiple professional third parties. through optimization of supply chain management, implementation of a flattened sales team structure and establishment of an information platform, the group will enhance its operational efficiencies and its sensitivity towards the market while reducing costs at the same 
in 2016, the group was ranked in the top 10 of 2016 china brand value evaluation information conference with brand value at rmb52.2 billion and was ranked 2nd in the light industry category. in addition, the group was given a higher ranking in fortunes top 500 chinese companies of 2016 in recognition the groups outstanding performance and market 
looking ahead to 2017, uncertainties surrounding the global politics and economy will impact the consumer confidence and overall market sentiment. nevertheless, higher living standards of chinese residents, their growing awareness of health and hygiene and the two-child policy will continue to support the growth of the market of personal hygiene products.
the groups third management reform and implementation of flattened sales team structure are expected to be completed by 2017. by then, operational efficiencies from production to logistics, inventory and sales will be enhanced. in addition, the group will stay committed to enhancing product quality, optimizing the product mix and flexibly deploying marketing strategy to capture market opportunities and improve its profitability. these strategic plans will ensure the groups long term and stable growth amid the evolving economic environment, while maintaining its leading position in the industry in mainland china.
i would like to express my gratitude to every member of staff for their continuous effort that contributed to the development of hengan international in the year under review. i would also like to thank the shareholders for their enduring support of the groups future development aspirations and strategies. in return, the entire staff of hengan international will continue to work at full stretch to create higher return for the shareholders.
sze man bok

hong kong, 21 march 2017 