having joined the board of directors of alibaba pictures group limited (the company or alibaba pictures, together with its subsidiaries, the group or we or us or our) in november 2016, i was appointed as ceo in december. given the continuous investment in its platform infrastructure and business foundation over the last several years, the group is about to enter into a phase of development characterized by robust business expansion. i feel greatly confident and excited about the prospects of the group.
the continual rise of the middle class in china poses significant implications on the current and future consumption structure. it is expected that a larger portion of the populations rising disposable income is likely to be spent on products and services for entertainment purposes. according to data from the state administration of press, publication, radio, film and television in china (sarft) and national association of theatre owners in the u.s., the number of cinema admissions in china have surpassed that of north america for the first time in 2016. given the rising consumer demand, the domestic media and entertainment industry is expected to continue its growth.
as a macro trend, management is aware that the film industry, both in terms of content and marketing channels to the users, is experiencing a transformation from digitalization to networked, and further to intelligence stage. particularly, in china, such transformation is progressing rigorously.
in view of the rapid evolution of industry structure and consumer behavior, the group will continue to formulate its business layout and upgrade its services around the entertainment ecosystem in the long run.
relying on data and technological strength, and tapping opportunities that arise from movement of the film industry towards digitalization, networked and intelligence, the group intends to build a new infrastructure for the film industry.
from the user end (c end), the group is committed to becoming a new infrastructure for distributing movie contents to users. currently, the group has established a solid business foundation in terms of film promotion, distribution and ticketing through its online ticketing platform, tao piao piao, with such platform gradually upgrading from a ticketing platform to a social platform revolving around movie contents, the group is providing various studios with more content marketing tools with direct access to users. such ongoing business upgrade has effectively increased tao piao piaos market share, and currently, tao piao piao has become a leading online ticketing platform that has access to more than 6,000 cinemas in china.
from the studios and cinemas end (b end), the group will, through its digitalized, networked, and intelligent product innovation and systematic solutions, facilitate cinemas and studios to enhance their production, operation, promotion efficiency, such that, the groups products and services could become industry-wide infrastructure, and thus be able to serve a wider range of customer groups. we will continue to enrich the overall attractiveness of tao piao piao for the users, as well as deepen the partnership between yueke and cinemas through its value-added services. together with the enhancement of on-the-ground promotion and distribution capabilities, the group will accomplish the offline-to-online transition. in the future, the group will increase user loyalty and usage duration on its platform by bringing together more content and social features to its products, and continue to grow its app (tao piao piao), while strengthening its traffic linkage with alibaba group through multiple entry points, with the aim to create a marketing service platform that feeds movie content directly to users.
after years of extraordinary growth in domestic box office, chinas film industry has gradually matured.
according to statistics published by sarft, total revenue generated from box offices in china reached rmb45.7 billion in 2016, recording a growth of 4% year-on-year, compared to a growth of 48.7% in the previous year. going forward, it is expected that chinas box office will gradually return to a cycle of normalized growth. in terms of content distribution, online video streaming sites exhibited strong growths, as was evident from the increase in viewing hits and the number of paid memberships. therefore, in addition to its continuous investment in blockbuster film projects such as once upon a time () and gujian qitan 2 (2), the group will also allocate sufficient resources to the creation and production of drama series, aimed to be released through online video streaming sites or tv stations.
during the year, the groups former entertainment e-commerce business (including yulebao business and copyright licensing business) had been upgraded into the groups integrated development department. in addition to improving the existing financing function for entertainment projects, the group will establish a comprehensive copyright operation team. focused on the comprehensive development of copyright values, the group will seek to integrate copyrights owned by alibaba groups media and entertainment segment, and provide a comprehensive series of copyright-related professional services ranging from financing, business placement, promotion and distribution to the development of related merchandise, offering an innovative service model for integrated copyright development.
during 2016, in addition to strengthening the groups operating assets, the group continued to utilize its financial resources to grow its business profile through investments and acquisitions. domestically, the group invested in dadi cinema group and further invested in bona film group. internationally, the group invested in amblin partners (led by steven spielberg), with whom it will work together to co-produce and invest in film projects that aim to provide quality movie contents to the global and chinese audiences. based on the online promotion and distribution platform developed by the group, the group will continue to make bolt-on investments in quality businesses that could create value for the entire entertainment ecosystem.
the group has been collaborating with hollywoods first tier studios since 2015. access to international projects and global leading talents will serve to strengthen the groups overall production and distribution capabilities. as innovative ideas often derive from exposure to different cultures and perspectives, we will continue to work with our global partners in bringing more original and exciting contents to our users.
as the group further develops its businesses, adopting a data driven approach is critical in business decision-making. in the digital age, data not only brings insights into business enhancement and improves business decisions, it also contributes to the artistic creation of entertainment contents. it is through big data that we will be able to generate entertainment contents that suit the general audiences preferences, and deliver the appropriate contents to each consumer according to their individual tastes. in light of the benefits already received, we will continue to improve and enhance our capability to utilize data.
at the same time that i serve as the ceo and chairman of the board of alibaba pictures, i also head several businesses under the media and entertainment segment of alibaba group, including, among others, ucweb, youku tudou, alibaba literature, alibaba gaming. these businesses have a natural synergy with the group.
we will focus on connecting and integrating these business units, thoroughly uncovering and enhancing their commercial values, and strive to align their developmental goals and plans. we are also committed to achieving strategic resource identification and sharing at a higher level, which is critical in maximizing the commercial interests of the group.
among these different business units, alibaba pictures will become a production center and a platform for the promotion and distribution of entertainment contents. currently, alibaba pictures not only serves consumers (c end) but also studios and cinemas (b end). i expect that the groups commercial reach will soon extend to online video streaming sites and other businesses whose products or services can be promoted using entertainment contents. future opportunities for the groups businesses are unlimited.
on behalf of the board, i would like to thank our staff for their hard work and commitment over the past year. my sincere gratitude also goes to our customers, business partners and shareholders.
our journey is only beginning.

hong kong, march 30, 2017 