on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of shandong weigao group medical polymer company limited,
i would like to present the audited consolidated results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year). the groups results in 2016 have continued to grow steadily, with prominent effect from the optimization adjustment to product mix, which laid a foundation for our 
during the year, extraordinary items comprised expenses balance of rmb294,889,000 incurred due to the implementation of orthopaedic share award scheme among which approximately rmb203,031,000 (2015: nil) had affected the net profit attributable to owners of the 
annual general meeting and closure
of register of members
attending and voting in the annual general 
in order to determine the shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, the register of members of the company for both h shares and non-listed shares will be closed from saturday, 13 may 2017 to monday, 12 june 2017 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of h shares or non-listed shares will be effected. in order to qualify for attending and voting in the annual general meeting, shareholders should ensure that all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, are lodged with the companys h share registrar, tricor standard limited, at level 22, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, hong kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on friday, 12 may 2017.
in order to determine entitlement to the proposed final dividend payment, the register of members of the company for both h shares and non-listed shares will be closed from saturday, 17 june 2017 to thursday, 22 june 2017 (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of h shares or non-listed shares will be effected. in order to qualify for entitlement of the proposed final dividend, holders of h shares should ensure that all transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, are lodged with the companys h share registrar, tricor standard limited, at 22f, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, wanchai, hong kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m.
on friday, 16 june 2017.
the board proposed the distribution of a final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2016 of rmb0.046 (2015: rmb0.036) (before considering any tax effect) per share was approximately rmb208,027,000 (2015: rmb162,804,000), which will be subject to the approval of shareholders of the company at the forthcoming 2016 annual general meeting.
dividend payable to holders of non-listed shares and holders of h shares participating in the shanghai-hong kong stock connect and shenzhen-hong kong stock connect will be paid in renminbi, whereas dividend payable to holders of the h shares will be declared in renminbi and paid in hong kong dollars, the exchange rate of which will be calculated based on the average exchange rate published by the peoples bank of china during the week prior to the annual general meeting. subject to the approval of the annual general meeting, the 2016 final dividend will be paid on 21 july 
in accordance with the enterprise income tax law of the peoples republic of china ( ) and its implementation rules effective on 1 january 2008, where a prc domestic enterprise distributes dividends for financial periods beginning from 1 january 2008 to nonresident enterprise shareholders, it is required to withhold 10% enterprise income tax for such non-resident enterprise shareholders. therefore, as a prc domestic enterprise, the company will, after withholding 10% of the final dividend as enterprise income tax, distribute the final dividend to nonresident enterprise shareholders, i.e. any shareholders who hold the companys shares in the name of non-individual shareholders, including but not limited to hkscc nominees limited, other nominees, trustees, or holders of h shares registered in the name of other organizations and groups.
pursuant to the prc individual income tax law , the implementation regulations of the prc individual income tax law , the notice of the state administration of taxation in relation to the administrative measures on preferential treatment entitled by non-residents under tax treaties (tentative) (guo shui fa [2009] no. 124) 
tax treaties notice), other relevant laws and regulations and other regulatory documents, the company shall, as a withholding agent, withhold and pay individual income tax for the individual holders of h shares in respect of the dividend to be distributed to them. however, the individual holders of h shares may be entitled to certain tax preferential treatments pursuant to the tax treaties between the prc and the countries (regions) in which the individual holders of h shares are domiciled and the tax arrangements between mainland china, hong kong or macau. for individual holders of h shares in general, the company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of the individual holders of h shares in the distribution of the dividend. however, the tax rates applicable to individual holders of h shares overseas may vary depending on the tax treaties between the prc and the countries (regions) in which the individual holders of h shares are domiciled, and the company will withhold and pay individual income tax on behalf of the individual holders of h shares in the distribution of the dividend accordingly.
the cash dividends for investors through shanghai-hong kong stock connect and shenzhen-hong kong stock
connect will be paid in renminbi. pursuant to the notice on the tax policies related to the pilot program of the shanghaihong kong stock connect (caishui [2014] no.81 
[2014]81and the notice on the tax policies related to the pilot program of the shenzhen-hong kong stock connect (caishui [2016] no.127 
, for dividend received by domestic individual investors from investing in h shares listed on the hong kong stock exchange through shanghai-hong kong stock connect and shenzhen-hong kong stock connect, the company of such h shares shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of the investors.
the company will identify the country of domicile of the individual holders of h shares according to their registered address on the h share register of members of the company (the registered address). if the domicile of an individual holders of h shares is not the same as the registered address or if the individual holders of h shares would like to apply for a refund of the additional amount of tax finally withheld and paid, the individual holders of h shares shall notify and provide relevant supporting documents to the company. upon examination of the supporting documents by the relevant tax authorities, the company will follow the guidance given by the tax authorities to implement the relevant tax withholding provisions and arrangements.
individual holders of h shares may either personally or appoint a representative to attend to the procedures in accordance with the requirements under the tax treaties notice if they do not provide the relevant supporting documents to the company.
the company assumes no responsibility and disclaims all liabilities whatsoever in relation to the tax status or tax treatment of the individual holders of h shares and for any claims arising from or in connection with any delay in or inaccurate determination of the tax status or tax treatment of the individual holders of h shares or any disputes over the withholding mechanism or arrangements.
shareholders are recommended to consult their tax advisors regarding the prc, hong kong and other tax implications arising from or in connection with their holding and disposal of the h shares of the company.

the groups various achievements as mentioned above are attributable to the continued supports of the staff, customers and business partners and shareholders. i would like to take this opportunity to express my most sincere thanks for all your contributions! on behalf of the board zhang hua wei

22 march 2017 