2008 was an important year in the groups development: a year has passed since the merger of our operations with the hong kong and china gas company limited (hkcg) with a full-scale promotion of the towngas china brand; we strictly adhered to our corporate mission, prioritising gas safety and customer needs; we served our customers with friendly, professional and efficient services, aligned management resources and executed internal reforms while working to optimise our customer structure, strengthen corporate governance and exercise tighter cost controls. these strategies enabled the group to enjoy a sustained growth and report a satisfactory result despite the financial tsunamis sweeping impact on the chinese economy.
the groups turnover increased by approximately 38.0% to hk$4,409 million in 2008. earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (ebitda) amounted to hk$677 million, an increase of 27.3% from 2007. profit after tax attributable to shareholders of the company amounted to hk$202 million, an increase of approximately 40.0% when compared to last year, while earnings per share was 10.33 hk cents. in view of our sustained growth in earnings, the board of directors (the board), for the first time in the history of the company, recommended a cash dividend to shareholders, of one hk cent per share, in appreciation of 
the groups rapid growth in earnings amid the global financial tsunami clearly reflected our improved operating cash flow. these improved management and operating philosophies were fully recognised by international rating agencies. both standard & poors and moodys investors service upgraded our credit ratings to reflect their confidence in our management and outlook. the enhanced ratings will facilitate the arrangement of bank loans should we need to raise funds for further business expansion.
mainland economy and gas industry development
2008 was a most unusual year. the peoples republic of china (china) was hit by one of the worst snowstorms in history, the may 12 wenchuan earthquake in sichuan and the global financial tsunami.
nevertheless, the beijing olympics, in all its brilliance, proudly proclaimed the rise of china and the resurgence of chinese civilization on the world stage. with a 9% growth in 2008, chinas gdp surpassed germany to rank among the top three in the world. at the same time, the gas-fired olympic flame that lit up the birds nest symbolised the dawn of a natural gas era for the country.
despite the global financial tsunami and its negative impact on chinas economic growth, the fall in property prices, stock prices, foreign trade and industrial output, chinas economic fundamentals remain in good health on comparison to other large-scale economies overseas. the chinese government has announced a list of major economic stimulants in order to maintain a steady economic growth by boosting domestic demand, improving the economy structure and revitalising internal investment such as interest rate cuts and additional fiscal spending of rmb 4 trillions on infrastructural projects. external factors may still have a noticeable negative impact on the chinese economy in the short term and even in the medium term, but it will not change the long-term growth trend in chinas economy. as there are still enormous potentials for the urbanisation, industrialisation and modernisation processes, the huge potential market for the development of the natural gas industry is guaranteed.
following the completion and commissioning of several major gas infrastructure projects such as the first phase of the west-east pipeline, the shaanxi-beijing pipeline, zhongxian-wuhan pipeline, sichuan-to-east pipeline, and the liquefied natural gas terminal projects in guangdong and fujian, china embarked on the construction of the second pipeline in the west-east gas transmission project in 2008. the second west-east pipeline, with a total length of approximately 9,100 km and an annual transmission capacity of 30 billion cubic metres, will extend all the way to jiangxi, guangdong and guangxi, as a new source of gas supply. the 1,300 km china-kazakhstan natural gas pipeline, designed to transmit 30 billion cubic metres of gas annually, also commenced construction in mid-2008. as at the year end, china has also confirmed officially proven gas reserves in excess of 100 billion cubic metres in the xinjiang kelameili gas field.
with the discovery of these large gas reserves, significant progresses in the gas infrastructure projects and the importation of gas in substantial volumes, the development of chinas natural gas trunk pipeline system will eventually cover all the countrys major populated and economic regions. the problems associated with gas sourcing and supply which have hindered the development of the gas industry are gradually being resolved.
the arrival of the china gasification era has now been accelerated. we believe the gas industry is positioned for a long term sustainable development well into the future, enabling towngas china, one of the countrys largest city piped gas suppliers, to enjoy continuous and robust growth.
business development and strategic plans
in light of the financial tsunami during the year, adjustments were made to the pace of investment and assessment criteria, strengthened the development and operation of existing projects, and applied stricter cost controls within the group. in line with our long-term development strategy, the group continued to focus on the piped gas market in 2008. new projects were established in the jinhai economic zone in shenyang and in huangshan of the anhui province and signed an agreement to acquire a project in xinjin of the sichuan province. in addition, shortly before the publication of this annual report, the group entered into agreements to acquire a project in chiping of the shandong province and a project in xindu of the sichuan province. these new investments and acquisitions will help to consolidate the groups market position and bolster our ability to sustain continuous growth and development. at the same time, several new projects in southern, central and southwestern china are currently being assessed; we expect to keep on building our investment portfolio in 
social responsibility and mission
as part of our efforts to fulfill our social responsibilities and to give back to the community, we have continuously pushed for environmental protection and actively participated in charities. the may 12 wenchuan earthquake took a heavy toll in sichuan. fortunately, our 13 project companies in the province sustained only moderate losses from the catastrophe.
with the groups predetermined emergency action plan responded swiftly after the earthquake, we were able to ensure a safe and continuous supply of gas for our residential, commercial and industrial customers in the region. we were also able to move quickly in organising emergency support for the quake victims, when more than 100 employees volunteered from the henderson land group, hong kong and china gas group and towngas china group rushed to the scene from hong kong and different parts of the mainland, to support the relief aid. often working in remote, dangerous and grueling conditions, the volunteers unselfishness and sacrifices have been widely recognised by the government and people of sichuan. keen to lend a helping hand, employees across the board, contributed both money and their time in raising a total donation, from the group and from our employees, of over rmb 2 million, the largest sum of relief funds raised by the group to date.
the money was used to buy badly-needed relief supplies, which were delivered to the quake survivors in the shortest time possible. while much remains to be done in the province, we feel that we have at least lent a helping hand when it was sorely needed.
the group is a staunch believer in the value of a healthy corporate culture. we believe it is crucial to the success of sustaining a healthy existence and the long-term development of an enterprise.further integration in 2008, the group continued to strengthen communications with hkcg, mutually benefited through further integration of operational and management aspects.
in 2009, the group entered into an agreement with shanxi hong kong & china coalbed gas company limited, an hkcg subsidiary, to deliver liquefied coalbed methane from jincheng to our gas companies in shaoguan, qingyuan and foshan as a supplementary gas source which should, result in an increased use of natural gas and lowered operating costs.
assimilation was a major theme for the group in 2008. by achieving speedy assimilation that successfully integrates the resources of the two companies, we were able to produce greater synergies, enhance our management and operating standards as well as corporate value.

on the one hand, we will continue to expand our city gas portfolio through mergers and acquisitions. on the other, we will closely monitor the ever changing environment in chinas economy and the gas industry, so as to continuously fine tune our development strategies and operation models accordingly. with these measures, despite the challenges imposed by the recent down turn in the pace of economic development in the mainland, the group anticipates a stable progression in 2009.
the groups priorities for 2009 are as follows: overcome the impact of the financial tsunami the impact of the 2008 financial tsunami has been enormous, and there are no clear signs of the crisis abating as yet. although the crisis has not seriously affected the industry or the group up to the present moment, we cannot rule out the possibility that it might have a negative impact on the gas industry should the financial crisis worsen. as a part of the groups prudent practice, apart from continuing with our existing crisis handling strategies, precautionary measures will be taken to prevent against potential damage from the financial crisis by closely monitoring the situation and adopt further initiatives and strategies as and when necessary.
develop new piped gas projects rapid market expansion and growth, realised through mergers and acquisitions, has been an essential instrument in sustaining the groups growth potential. in 2009 we will continue to adhere to this strategy.
the group will continue to enjoy the strong backing of hkcg, and will adopt even more prudent investment strategies on a stricter selective basis, to improve the quality of new undertakings while strictly controlling the 
maximise the potential of existing projects and improve service quality the group has a substantial customer base in mainland china, yet there are still many prospective customers in the regions where we operate. while chinas economy continues to grow at a rapid pace, inland provinces are just entering the urbanisation and industrialisation stages. furthermore, current demand for gas for industrial, commercial and vehicular usage still outstrips supply. building on the foundations of our existing projects, the group will further penetrate these markets while working to enhance service standards, improve customer structure, increase the proportion of higher margin businesses, and thus enhance our profitability.

on behalf of the board, i would like to thank all staff for their dedication and hard work, and to thank all shareholders and investors for their long-standing support.
chan wing kin, alfred

hong kong, 16 march 2009 