on behalf of biostime international holdings limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively the group), i am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 december 2016.

2016 was a year of challenges and new ambitions for the group. during the year, we navigated our business through fierce market competition in the infant milk formula (imf) segment and major regulatory changes such as formula registration rules and new regulations on cross border e-commerce (cbec). amid the challenging environment, we launched active sales in china through cbec for swisse wellness group pty ltd (swisse) and initiated post-acquisition integration of the group. through continuous investments in our brands, we maintained our leading positions in both the baby nutrition and care (bnc) and adult nutrition and care (anc) segments.
the groups total revenue and net profit for the year ended 31 december 2016 reached rmb6,505.6 million and rmb1,052.0 million on currency-adjusted basis, with gross margin improving to 62.4% in 2016 from 61.9% in 2015. during the same period, the bnc and anc segments contributed 58.8% and 41.2% of the groups total revenue with ebitda contribution of 62.6% and 37.4%, respectively.
this past year, the chinese imf market remained intensely competitive as the prc authorities released stringent formula registration rules in a bid to ensure the quality and safety of these products. the implementation of these rules has led to increased competition and reduction in prices and margins as many players seek to reduce the number of product series. consequently, our revenue from the bnc segment experienced a slight decrease of 3.7% for the year of 2016 on a year-on-year basis, which was mainly attributed to the decline of our mid-tier imf products under the adimiltm brand, while the revenue from biostimetm branded imf products increased by 4.4% compared to the prior year. according to nielsen, an independent market research firm, the groups share of the overall imf market in china remained stable at 5.8% for the twelve months ended 31 december 2016 as compared to 5.9% for the twelve months ended 31 december 2015. in order to capture the fast-growing demand for organic imf products, we launched an organic imf series in december 2016 under healthy timestm, a 36-year-old california-based organic baby food brand acquired by the group in 2015. in addition, sales of our probiotics products achieved a 29.8% increase compared to the same period last year, thanks to our innovative marketing initiatives as well as growing demand from the market as resulting from increased awareness of the health benefits associated with probiotics in china.
the revenue derived from the anc segment amounted to aud542.5 million and increased by 2.6% for the year ended 31 december 2016 compared with the corresponding period last year, assuming the financial results of swisse were fully consolidated into the group for twelve months ended 31 december 2015.
based on the research statistics from iri, swisse maintained a leading position in the australian vitamin, herbal and mineral supplements (vhms) market with a market share of 16.6% for the twelve months ended 31 december 2016. the cbec regulatory changes first announced in april 2016 led to destocking from distributors and retailers in australia and lower retail prices across both the australian and chinese markets in 2016, which negatively impacted our sales. in order to maintain the premium positioning of swisse and healthy inventory levels in our customer channels, we streamlined the number of distributors in australia and our discount strategy in both markets in the fourth quarter of 2016. at the same time, we increased our marketing efforts to drive higher consumer demand.
2016 was the first complete financial year after the acquisition of swisse in september 2015. to enhance our premium brand image among consumers in our two core markets of australia and china, we continued to invest in swisses brand equity to ensure the long-term growth of this business. in the australian market, we strengthened our long-term partnership with the australian olympic and paralympic teams, and facilitated a wide-reaching and innovative brand marketing campaign for the 2016 rio olympics. meanwhile in the chinese market, swisse continued to lead the healthcare category on alibaba platforms with its unique branding and product offering. the strategic partnerships with major e-commerce platforms in china empowered swisse to achieve strong sales growth by increasing its exposure through sophisticated co-operative campaigns, such as: official china launch gala with swisse brand ambassador nicole kidman; arnold classic asia multi sport festival with 
champion house for the rio olympics with 
sole title sponsor of 12-hour live show for singles day with jd.com; and
sponsorship of the color run shenzhen with vip.com.
despite these major marketing and branding investments, coupled with impacts from prc regulatory challenges, swisse still achieved a solid ebitda margin of 27.9% for the full year of 2016.

with the new mission of making people healthier and happier, the group aspires to become a global leader in premium nutrition and wellness through our superior products and aspirational brands. in order to better reflect the equal importance of our two business segments, bnc and anc, as well as our common corporate culture and values, we are planning to reposition our group with a new name which will embody the new mission and vision of the group.
heading into 2017, we expect challenges from market competition and regulatory changes in both the imf and vhms segments, however, we also see great opportunities for growth and synergies from further integration.

following the completion of the acquisition of the remaining 17% minority interest in swisse, we have initiated a group-wide integration program to facilitate synergies and operational efficiencies across all business dimensions, including distribution, research and innovation, finance, customer relationship management (crm), corporate culture and personnel capability.
the primary focus of our integration initiatives is to leverage the existing resources of the group to realize maximum synergies. as part of this, in 2017 swisse will expand its presence in china from cbec to normal trade by utilizing biostimes existing business resources including its sales teams, distribution systems, store networks and crm systems. this will enable us to accelerate our exposure in the fast growing vhms market in china and more efficiently build up a loyal customer base.
baby nutrition and care
looking ahead, we believe that the chinese imf market will continue to consolidate as the enforcement of formula registration rules come into effect on 1 january 2018. price volatility is expected to continue in 2017 due to destocking as many players seek to reduce the number of product series before the enforcement of the registration rules. post full implementation of the two-child policy and formula registration rules, we are confident that biostime will benefit from both the increasing demand and market consolidation starting in the later part of 2017. at the end of 2016, we introduced the new healthy timestm organic imf series to the chinese market to strengthen our offering in the supreme segment. this new series has received positive feedback from consumers since its launch. in december 2016, we completed the full acquisition of dodie, a renowned french baby product brand with nearly 60 years of history, to complement our product portfolio and capture the growing demand for baby care and accessories products. dodies strong brand equity and unique products in international markets will enhance our global image and expand our high quality product offering in the baby care segment.
adult nutrition and care
after gradual destocking from distributors and retailers in australia in 2016 following the announcement of the cbec regulatory changes, we have recently observed that the market confidence has been gradually restored with inventory levels normalizing. however, we may face pressure in the first half of 2017 as a result of changes to the stock discount structure implemented in the fourth quarter of 2016 as part of our global pricing strategy and relative to the first half of 2016 which was prior to the regulatory changes. it will take some time for us to achieve a full recovery from the impact on our business, but we are confident we can achieve sustainable growth through business initiatives in australia and china during the full year of 2017, especially given the clearer cbec 
as of march 2017, swisse is delighted to have entered into an international partnership agreement with scuderia ferrari f1 team, the worlds most successful formula 1 team in history. this partnership is another transformational ingredient in swisses global marketing strategy and will support our growth and expansion into new markets, raising awareness with consumers worldwide, including within china. in australia, we also look forward to aspirational brand and instore marketing initiatives related to our partnerships with the australian football league and australian rugby union team, and swisse
ambassadors. swisse continues to lead in product innovation with the launch of a number of new products in our innovation pipeline set to launch globally over the next 12 to 18 months.
adult nutrition and care (continued) to accelerate our business expansion and broaden our consumer base, we have kicked off the offline roll-out in china with soft launch in selective retail outlets such as watsons and sams club, and will leverage more existing retail resources to introduce swisse offline products as conventional food, including the two hero products hair, skin and nails (hsn) and cranberry concentrate in liquid and effervescent forms. with strong sales momentum on major e-commerce platforms and the upcoming official offline launch, we foresee promising growth for swisse in the chinese market and will continue to increase brand awareness via cutting-edge marketing campaigns. in addition, once the supporting rules are fully released, we will commence the filing and registration procedures for certain products that fall into the health food category as required by the administrative measure of registration and filing of health food ().

as a dedicated leader in our core markets, we procure our premium ingredients from the best sources in the world to make superior products under our aspirational brands. thanks to our strong innovation capability and science-based proprietary formulas, we continue to lead in the imf and vhms categories by offering products that meet consumer needs in different markets.
healthy lifestyle is becoming a priority for many consumers across the globe. by leveraging our global resources and working hand in hand with our business partners, we will strive to promote our superior products and aspirational brands in more territories, such as singapore, united kingdom, italy, netherlands, france and north america with a focus on innovation capability, brand investment and resources integration. we expect the combined strength of swisse and biostime to drive our sales, market share and consumer engagement globally in the future.

in 2016, the group successfully refinanced debt raised to fund the swisse acquisition in september 2015 and existing convertible bonds, thereby significantly de-risking the balance sheet of the group. following these two successful debt refinances in 2016 and completion of the senior notes offering to fund the buyout of the remaining 17% swisse minority stake in february 2017, our priority is to further improve our capital efficiency and overall financial stability to lay a solid foundation for future growth.

regulatory changes, including imf registration rules and cbec regulations, remain the biggest challenges for our business. nevertheless, we are proactively responding to the ever-changing environment by enabling the offline product launch of certain star products as conventional food in the chinese market.
within the imf segment, we have been preparing for the application documents associated with the new formula registration rules and already started to submit. supported by high manufacturing standards to ensure product safety as well as strong research and development capability to deliver premium quality, we are confident that our products can meet the stringent requirements set by the authorities.
within the anc products segment, the effective date of the new cbec regulation, which was announced on 8 april 2016, has been further postponed to the end of 2017 in accordance with a statement of the ministry of commerce issued in november 2016. on 17 march 2017, ministry of commerce further clarified that starting from 1 january 2018, the commodities imported via cbec will be considered as personal goods and no longer be subject to trading goods requirements until further notice. this will significantly reduce the regulatory constraints that may have been previously imposed on our anc products. though the government appears to have adopted a more open attitude towards cbec, there may be new regulatory arrangements to ensure product quality and safety post the grace period. our offline product launch in china will further help diversify any risk to our cbec sales as the sales contribution from physical stores increases over time.

social responsibility for the group is understanding that a healthy community means a healthy environment and healthy people balancing nutrition, movement and mindfulness in their daily life choices.
we understand the need to speak with consumers about taking control of their health, and that small changes in choices can make big impacts on their health and wellness. as such, the group proactively seeks to nourish social, environmental, and economic factors within our community in order to build a more sustainable future.
the materials we purchase are carefully considered, so we are not only offsetting our emissions, but funding programs that have many benefits for the community. we nourish the environment through our carbon offsetting programs in australia and carbon neutral status, verified through the australian governments national carbon 
the group also has two philanthropic foundations. the biostime china foundation for mother and child (the bc foundation) was established in 2007 in cooperation with the chinese red cross foundation and donates rmb0.10 to the bc foundation for every product unit sold. since its inception, the bc foundation has raised a total of approximately rmb29.0 million and supported over 1,085 children and mothers who suffer from serious illnesses. in recognition of the groups contribution to society, the group was awarded public welfare innovation of the year and public welfare project of the year at the china charity festival 2016.
in addition, the group also has the celebrate life foundation which was founded by swisse in 2014. the foundations name encapsulates its mission and vision helping people celebrate life every day. the celebrate life foundation aims to inspire wellness throughout the community, by addressing australias biggest health challenge growing rates of preventable disease. to make this happen, the celebrate life foundation supports charitable programs and research initiatives that promote a greater awareness and encourage action around the three pillars of lifelong wellness: mindfulness, movement and nutrition. since its inception, the celebrate life foundation has raised over aud2.0 million for community programs.

the group has successfully created a strong foundation for sustainable growth in two dynamic segments, and furthered its endeavors to expand globally. this would not have been accomplished without the devoted effort and support from our dedicated employees, shareholders, mama 100 members, banking and business partners across all markets. i would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all these people and look forward to a long-term collaboration in creating a prosperous future and making people heathier and happier.luo fei 
hong kong, 27 march 2017 