on behalf of the board of directors (the board), i am pleased to report the results of the group for the year ended 31 
during the year under review, due to the frequent occurrence of black swan incidents, global economic growth slowed down against 2015. developed economies treaded down different growth paths, whereas emerging markets and developing economies overall gradually stabilised. china gdp grew at 6.7% in 2016 and the economy also advanced steadily. according to the latest international monetary fund report, the chinese economy has reclaimed the top spot in the world in economic growth. as for the industry, during the year under review, the country furthered deepening reforms of the pharmaceutical, medical and healthcare industries, and policies relating to clinical inspection, consistency assessment, technique inspection, circulation inspection, the two-invoice system, urban-rural medical insurance integration and adjustment of the medical insurance catalogue had sped up industry consolidation and restructuring with the weak players ousted. latest research indicated that the pharmaceutical industry had grown faster when compared with the corresponding period last year.

during the year under review, the group adopted an active approach to counter the negative impacts of policies.
it implemented delicacy management on marketing for hepatitis, cardio-cerebral and orthopedic medicines, which are traditional products where its strength lies. and, products including runzhong, tianding, yilunping, tuotuo, kaifen and gaisanchun continued to achieve strong sales.
furthermore, the group allocated more resources to market penetration for its oncology and respiratory system medicines and pursued more extensive collaboration in scientific research with experts in various product areas. oncology medicines including qingweike, gelike, shoufu, saiweijian, yinishu, yigu and respiratory system medicines including tianqingsule, zhongchang and cefaclor and bromhexine hydrochloride
dry suspension reported significant growth. during the year under review, the group placed greater effort on building retail channels as well as channels to access the grassroots market.
at the same time, it attempted to enhance product promotion and achieve satisfactory results via the internet. the group continued to lead the industry on investment in research and development (r&d), and achieved satisfactory results during the year under review. during the year under review, the group granted johnson & johnson in the us the international license to develop outside the prc an innovative medicine for treating hepatitis, which had shown immense potential in the r&d stage. as at 31 december 2016, the group had obtained 198 clinical approvals and 5 production approvals (esomeprazole ingredient and two dosages of esomeprazole sodium for injection, linezolid and linezolid injection). it also made 17 new clinical applications, 8 production applications, 249 new patent applications and received 91 patent licenses of which 87 were invention patents.
the group recorded revenue of approximately hk$15,825.44 million during the year under review, an increase of approximately 8.8% over the same period last year (the growth rate would have been approximately 14.8% if denominated in rmb). before and after accounted for unrealized fair value gains and losses of equity investments and financial assets, profit attributable to the equity holders of the group was approximately hk$2,006.09 million and approximately hk$1,913.28 million, respectively, approximately 13.2% and approximately 7.6% higher than that of the same period last year, respectively. based on the profit attributable to the equity holders of the group before and after accounted for unrealized fair value gains and losses of equity investments and financial assets, the basic earnings per share were approximately hk27.06 cents and approximately hk25.81 cents, respectively, approximately 13.1% and approximately 7.5% higher than that of the same period last year, respectively.
cash and bank balances totaled approximately hk$4,203.47 
the global economy is still laden with uncertainties in 2017.
sales of pharmaceutical products will continue to be affected by the government launching new policies, such as the twoinvoice system and new round of lower prices tendering. and, policies in relation to public hospital reform, such as cancelling mark-up of medicines and changing the income structure of hospitals, as well as the government continuing its control over medical insurance premium, will make it necessary for pharmaceutical companies to change their marketing approach.
the group has been dedicated to enhancing industry management and product quality. the newly published guide to the planning of pharmaceutical development is expected to hasten industry consolidation and regulate industry development, thus providing new market opportunities for companies which are capable of carrying out r&d of quality products. at the same time, other factors including aging of the population, the two-child policy, urban-rural medical insurance integration and receiving medical treatment in nonresidents regions will expand the pharmaceutical market in china. the group expects to maintain stable growth despite the many challenges the pharmaceutical industry is facing. the group will also pay close attention to and seize first investment opportunities in key healthcare related industries supported by the guide to the planning of pharmaceutical development.

on behalf of the board, i would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders for their trust, support and understanding, as well as to all staff for their dedication and diligence.
