on behalf of the board of directors of byd company limited (byd or the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the group), i hereby present the annual report of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year).
2016 is the first year of chinas 13th five-year plan and chinas economic development entered the new normal. focusing on promoting the supply-side structural reforms, the central government put fostering strategic emerging industries in a more outstanding position in economic and social development. during the year, benefiting from purchase tax concessions policy, the production and sales of passenger vehicles hit record high again and suv is still the main growth driver for chinas automobile market. affected by the fraud investigations and changes of policies, growth of new energy automobile industry slowed down during the year, and nevertheless, it still attained relatively rapid growth. as for the handset industry, chinas branded smartphone shipments remained strong. with an increasingly mature manufacturing technology of metal parts, its cost was declining and remained to lead the trend of the industry. as for the rechargeable battery industry, the market for traditional batteries is still developing steadily. with a declining module cost, the development pace of distributed photovoltaic industry clearly accelerated and photovoltaic industry showed a continuous recovery, but the market competition is 
against this backdrop, turnover of the group increased by 29.11% to rmb100,208 million during the year. profit attributable to owners of the parent company increased by 78.94% to rmb5,052 million. earnings per share were rmb1.88. the board recommended the payment of final dividends of rmb0.178 per share (tax inclusive) for the year ended 31 december 2016.
during the year, byd proactively rushed forward the development of the new energy automobile business, and maintained its leading position in the worlds new energy automobiles field, topping the global market again in terms of sales volume. of which, the groups plug-in hybrid vehicle model tang ranked first in terms of sales of chinas new energy automobiles.
the vehicle models qin ev300 and e5 received overwhelming response from consumers once launched and became the leading models in beijing market. in respect of traditional automobile business, the groups first small-sized suv model yuan which was launched in april, improved the groups suv product line. the matchless edition of song, launched in september 2016, has recorded monthly sales of over 10,000 units for three consecutive months. the impressive sales of suv models, provided driving force for the continuous improvement in the groups traditional automobile 
during the year, the straddle monorail skyrail for which the group spent 5 years for its research and development was officially launched.
in addition, the first skyrail line with proprietary intellectual property right, was completed and commenced operation, which marked byds official entry into the urban rail transportation industry. skyrail, as part of the multilevel transportation system, has an exclusive road right similar to metro and is capable for high-speed mass transit with construction cost and conditions significantly lower than metro, and therefore, it can bring good social and economic benefits, and play a significant role in improving urban traffic situation. the launch of skyrail not only can solve the growing urban traffic problem, but also help the group realize a layout of public transportation with a multilevel coverage from the ground to the air, thus bringing the group to a new blue ocean and creating new opportunities for the long-term growth of 
as for the handset component and assembly business, leveraging on rich experience, leading technology and well-developed techniques accumulated in metal parts area, the group continued to maintain close cooperation with leading handset manufacturers at home and abroad and actively sought business from new clients. the metal parts business maintained its fast growth during the year, making a decent contribution to the profit of the group. in the rechargeable battery business, traditional battery business maintained stable development, while photovoltaic business achieved rapid growth in revenue but continued 
during the year, the group completed the non-public offering of a shares and raised total funds of about rmb14.473 billion with strategic investment from sdic advanced manufacturing industry investment fund () and samsung group, thus the capital strength of the group was greatly enhanced, and sufficient fund was provided for the groups future development. meanwhile, in order to protect the upstream supply of key resources for new energy automobile power batteries, the group signed a cooperative framework agreement on the exploitation of lithium resources in salt lake with qinghai salt lake industry co., ltd. ( ) during the year, pursuant to which, the parties have agreed to set up a joint venture in qinghai engaging in the development, processing and sales of lithium resources in the salt lake, by which the group realized its layout regarding the upstream industry chain of its new energy automobiles.
looking into 2017, byd will make additional investments to expand production capacity, improve product competitiveness, accelerate research and development and launch more new models with the aim of satisfying the markets growing demand. currently, as the construction of rail transportation has been included into major development projects by the 13th five-year plan in several provinces and municipalities, the group will focus on developing low-carbon and green skyrail and strive to cooperate with more cities in china to cope with the increasingly severe traffic problems in cities.
in the handset component and assembly business, the group will continue to make efforts to develop its metal parts business and also actively seek business from new customers at home and abroad to establish a more diverse customers base. in respect of the application of new materials, the group will focus on developing technology and techniques related to 3d glass, enhancing product yield rate and expanding product capacity, in order to be well-prepared for the customers diversified product needs in the future and achieve sustainable development of its handset component and assembly business. for the business of rechargeable batteries, the group will continue to maintain the stable development of its traditional battery business, while actively expanding the domestic and international photovoltaic and energy storage markets, with a view to promoting the development of photovoltaic business and energy storage business, and striving to increase the revenue and profitability.
new energy automobiles and skyrail are the key strategic development directions of byd in the future, and through new energy automobiles and skyrail, byd will provide cities with a comprehensive solution from addressing pollution to traffic congestion.
byd is committed to solving the problem of air pollution and traffic congestion commonly found in cities, with an aim to keep improving the living environment of cities while achieving continuous growth of byd. on behalf of byd, i would like to express sincere gratitude to our customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the group. i also give my heartful thanks to all the staff members for their loyalty, hard work and professionalism in the past year. byd will continue to expedite the development of all of its businesses and focus on maximizing returns for shareholders.

shenzhen, the prc, 28 march 2017 