on behalf of the board of directors of the company (the board), i am pleased to present the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the reporting period).
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the group, benefiting from the advantage resulted from the high quality land reserve and differentiated competition strategy, achieved a contracted sales amount of rmb29.33 billion, exceeding the contracted sales target for the entire year, representing an increase of 50.3% over last year.

for the year ended 31 december 2016, the group recorded revenue of rmb16,206.5 million; profit for the year amounted to rmb1,982.4 million; profit attributable to the owners of the company amounted to rmb1,955.0 million; basic earnings per share were rmb113 cents; and diluted earnings per share for the year of rmb107 cents, representing an increase of 44.6% as compared with last year. the board recommended the payment of a final dividend of rmb31.51 cents per share. in 2016, the group achieved a contracted sales amount of rmb29.33 billion, representing an increase of 50.3% over 
2. review of year 2016 in 2016, the real estate market set record highs in both trading volume and price. according to the national bureau of statistics, the area of commercial properties sold in china reached 1.573 billion sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5%, and the transaction volume of commercial properties amounted to rmb11.76 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.8%.
during the year, the real estate sector heated up before getting stabilised. in the first half of the year, the market was heated up with an increase in both trading volume and price; while for the second half of the year, popular chinese cities rolled out regulatory policies to adjust the market back to a reasonable state.
during the reporting period, the urban real estate market transactions were active in the cities under the groups layout, with a rapid growth. in particular, the growth of the sales of commercial properties in guangzhou, foshan, zhuhai, huizhou, qingyuan and changsha amounted to 44.0%, 52.2%, 89.5%, 76.3%, 59.5% and 51.0%, respectively, which is significantly higher than the national 
the group actively grasped market dynamics and adopted proactive sales strategies to drive the steady growth of its results. as at 31 december 2016, the groups contracted sales amounted to rmb29.33 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 50.3%.
the group made new progress in its regional layout and tapped into the markets of shenzhen, dongguan and huizhou, which resulted in a more comprehensive layout for us in pearl river delta.
in terms of land reserve, the group actively expanded its land reserve through various channels, including participation in government public auctions, urban redevelopment projects, primary development, cooperation and company acquisition. the group acquired a total of 14 new projects with a total planned gfa of 3.44 million sq.m..
meanwhile, the group capitalised on its solid foundation in urban redevelopment with years of experience and introduced its times future towns strategy for the urbanisation in an all-round manner.
the strategy has been well-received by local governments. up to the present, the group has entered into certain framework agreements on town co-development with the local governments of guangzhou, foshan, zhongshan and dongguan.
in addition, the group adopted stable and robust financial strategies, and continuously improved its debt structure to reduce financial cost. the groups net gearing ratio decreased from 77.3% as at 31 december 2015 to 54.7% as at 31 december 2016.
3. outlook for year 2017 looking into 2017, we expect that the chinese economy will grow steadily. industrial policies will remain stable but in a tightening process, with the central government to focus on control of bubble and prevention of risks and local governments to implement their own policies based on the growth of inventory, housing and land prices. monetary policies will be moderately tightened, with the capital leverage tightened for real estate. throughout the year, market sentiments will gradually return to a stable state, in addition to a greater balance between housing supply and demand in first and second-tier cities, reducing the pressure from price surges, and greater industrial concentration. the group is of the view that a more rational market benefits the long-term, healthy development of the real estate industry and its businesses. owing to its large scale and the development of new towns in china, real estate will remain a pillar industry to support the healthy, stable development of national 
the group will continue to establish itself intensively in regions where the group has established its market presence and actively participate in urban redevelopment, in order to greatly boost the market shares over the regions. we will actively participate in construction of featured small towns so as to facilitate the transformation and upgrade of national industry and share the profits derived from such transformation and upgrade. we will flexibly respond to market changes to procure sales proactively, monitor market risk continuously and strengthen cash flow management.
in addition, the group will actively develop community services, commercial and creative office zone business on the basis of strengthening the principal business, in order to achieve a balanced growth in scale and profit and to create values for our shareholders, employees and property owners.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to the proprietors, all employees, business partners and investors of times property for their support and trust for the past 
looking ahead, we will adhere to its mission of empowering more people to live with a lifestyle they aspire to and continue to pursue its operational philosophy of surprising our customers with quality and moving our customers with our services. meanwhile, we will strive to create more value for our shareholders and provide better products and services to our proprietors.
shum chiu hung
chairman of the board, executive director and chief executive 
27 february 2017 