chairmans statementdear shareholders, on behalf of the board of directors of powerlong real estate holdings limited, i am pleased to present to all shareholders the audited annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016. 2016 was the first year of the groups latest five-year plan.
amidst the complexity and fluctuation in the property market, the group precisely comprehended market trend and achieved substantially in pushing ahead its strategic moves. based on the operation ethos of strong consensus, quality breakthrough, effective operation and team recomposition, the past year saw the grand opening of benchmark projects and record-high property sales and commercial operation, laying a solid foundation for the next phase of the groups lead-forward development.
during the year under review, the group realized a revenue of rmb14.3 billion and net profit of rmb2.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 20.1% and 17.7% respectively. basic earnings per share was rmb62.3 cents. the board recommends the payment of a final dividend of hk$16.0 cents per share for the year of 2016.
contracted sales hitting
another record high
contracted sales hit another record high for the year, reaching rmb17.6 billion or a year-on-year growth of 
the groups sales capability was further enhanced during the year, with a further improved organizational structure of the sales team, which was forged to become an integrated chain covering all products.
more specific sales departments, namely the major customer department, direct sales department leasing department and marketing department, were created, delivering sound initial results and registering more than rmb1 billion sales amounts from the vip orders.
5 projects achived respectively, an annual sales of more than rmb1 billion, namely tianjin yujiapu, tianjin binhai, shanghai qibao, shanghai qingpu and
anhui fuyang. more importantly, in shanghai, the group ranked first for the second consecutive year in shanghais commercial property market in terms of contracted sales amount.
acquisition of quality land

during the year, the group remained consistent with the 1+5+n land acquisition strategy put forth under the latest five-year plan. keeping shanghai as the core focus, the group also intensively explored other cities including suzhou, hangzhou, xiamen, fuzhou and nanjing. on a cumulative basis for the entire year, the group acquired 13 quality land parcels, including 8 land parcels situated in shanghai, hangzhou and suzhou.
as of 31 december 2016, the group had 66 projects across china, including 38 projects or more than half of the groups portfolio situated in the yangtze river delta, among which shanghai accounted for 15 projects. going forward, the group will continue to ride on its brand advantage, continue to pay attention to market opportunities, further enrich its land bank in a prudent and proactive manner, in order for the sustainable and healthy development of the 
as of 31 december 2016, the total gross floor area (gfa) of the groups land bank was approximately 13.2 million square meters (including investment properties in operation with total gfa of approximately 2.5 million square meters) which is sufficient for the property development of the group in the next 3 to 5 years. from the perspective of the geographical location of the groups land bank, current land bank in first-tier and second-tier cities represents 53.8% of the groups land bank under development and held for future development.
therefore, the group is confident that its quality land resources will continuously drive the groups longterm and healthy development.
business operation highlighting

in 2016, the group recorded rental income and property management services income of rmb1.4 billion, representing an increase of 26.3% over last year, highlighting the solid foundation of business operation as the groups core competitiveness.
during the year under review, the groups commercial operation team has completed the unprecedented intensive project commencement mission. effective leasing processes and powerful preparation and organization brought forth the record-high occurrence of business commencements for the groups projects, and secured the opening of seven powerlong plazas, including the two benchmark projects namely shanghai qibao powerlong city and hangzhou binjiang powerlong city. grandly opened on 24 december 2016, hangzhou binjiang powerlong city had its first-day traffic of 220,000 customers, which represented the groups record-high first-day 
as of 31 december 2016, the number of shopping malls currently operated and managed by the group has reached 32, allowing us to outperform other industry players in terms of quantity and area of 
during the year under review, the group had substantial improvements in attracting new tenants to its plazas. the portfolio of long-standing tenants kept on improving, including international renowned branded chain stores such as yonghui supertores, ua, h&m, muji and broadway cinemas. further,
many branded chain stores including guess, xibei you mian cun, spar shandong, etc. became the groups tenant for the first time. going forward, the groups portfolio of commercial brands will be more consumer-focused and people-based. such portfolio will be upgraded on an ongoing basis, with a view to improving quality in shopping for consumers in china.
under the groups light asset strategy, the operation management achieved breakthroughs during the year. apart from two projects namely yiwu powerlong plaza and chongqing fulin powerlong plaza, for which outsourced management has been secured, similar arrangements in respect of some other projects were in the course of negotiation. this will greatly extend the room for business operation and development of 
having entered the commercial real estate industry for 13 years, the group has been awarded top 10 brands of china commercial real estate companies
for six consecutive years. powerlong plazas operated by the group have been awarded top 10 brands of china commercial real estate for seven consecutive 
falling finance costs
in optimizing the debt structure, the company has diversified its financing channels and has also been lowering its finance costs. the consolidated finance costs of the group further decreased from 8.05% as of 2014 and 7.55% as of 2015 to 6.18% as of 2016.
during the year under review, shanghai powerlong industrial development, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, issued public corporate bonds with an aggregate principal amount of rmb4.0 billion. in september 2016, the company issued the 4.875% usd200 million senior notes with a maturity of five years due 2021. the issue cost was the lowest among companies of the same credit rating. the one-year interest rate applicable to asset-backed securities in respect of the remainder sales monies of shanghai powerlong industrial development was merely 3.90%, which was a record low for the finance costs of the 
the companys completion of redemption of the 11.25% usd250 million senior notes due 2018 in january 2016 and the completion of partial redemption of the 10.75% rmb1,500 million senior notes due 2017 in november 2016 at a rate of 58.7%, successfully replaced past debts with high interest rate through quality low-interest financing. the groups finance cost was thereby further reduced.
as of 31 december 2016, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash of the group increased by approximately 50.9% to rmb10.1 billion as compared to the year end of 2015.
augmented recognition in

benefiting from its improved results of operation, the company received an upgraded positive rating outlook from moodys and s&p, an improvement from the previous stable rating outlook. shanghai powerlong industrial development received an upgraded aa+ rating on its issuer credit rating and debt credit rating, with a stable rating outlook, from united credit rating company ltd. ( ) in july 2016. further, the company was also listed as one of the stocks under hk-shenzhen stock connect, which represented the capital markets public recognition of the groups efforts over these 
during the year under review, the stock price of the company grew by 46.5%, reflecting the capital markets recognition of the group.

after years of exploration, the groups hotel business has adopted an approach by which the group has the core businesses of international brand hotels and own brand chain hotels. during the year under review, powerlong hotel group has opened three international brand hotels and launched mode of artistic hotels. as at 31 december 2016, the group owned nine international brand hotels and three own brand chain hotels.
as regards investment, the group participated in the capital increase exercise of e-house china in august 2016. e-house is a leading real estate services provider in china based on mega data. the group is optimistic about the room and potentials for the future business development of e-house.

continuing to follow the pathway set forth under the development plan for the period 20162020, the group will steadfastly implement and perform its strategic planning, adopting a business property strategy of three-incentives on the main business segment for the group to succeed in business operation, quality property provision and asset management. identifying hotels, culture and investment as the supplementary segments of the group, and holding on to the strategic factors of focus, quality and capital, the group will continue to keep on enhancing the quality of its products and services comprehensively and further improving returns to shareholders.
2017 is a year of intensifying the structural reform on the supply-side. while the property sector is swinging back to more residence-focused, policy formulation depending on the situation of each city will continue to be fortified under the mainstream of strict control of risks and de-stocking. a long-standing mechanism for the steady and healthy growth of the property sector which is in tandem with market conditions will be further established, so as to guide the overall economy through to a pre-set direction of steady and 
in the face of new opportunities in 2017, the group has identified passionate team, efficient management, quality products and benchmarking

) as its working direction for the year. the group will be committed to setting up the quality system of fine and seamless construction and uplift its brand image. instilling the notion of quality into the groups gene, and making quality products a matter of habit, the group aims to become a wellrespected player that delivers high-quality property 
following the prevailing development trend in chinas property market, destocking remains the main theme of the groups sales efforts in 2017.
upholding the bulk sales concept, the group will achieve resources sharing and focus on selling large-scale products. sales targets for 2017 will be further increased to rmb20,000 million. as regard to marketing management, the group will take a more detailed approach and aims to renovate upon the traditional sales approach, formulate customized proposals, emphasize capacity building, enhance its ability in securing vip customers and boost sales with substantial per-order amounts.
the group will push ahead the commencement of its shopping malls in a more systematic and efficient way to ensure the successful opening of five more powerlong plazas and two asset-light management projects in 2017. while ensuring the perfect commencement of xiamen powerlong one mall, efforts will be made to push ahead the enhancement of operating capability of two benchmark projects namely shanghai qibao powerlong city and hangzhou binjiang powerlong city. a customeroriented program will be fully implemented to testify its brand with its products.
for expansion of its land bank, the group will continue to hold on to its 1+6+nstrategy, by acquiring land parcels prudently and strategically at low costs and maintaining competitiveness. the group will plan the overall layout in an accurate manner and keep abreast of the development of government policies in a timely manner and exploring channels for securing and developing resources are essential. in addition, the group will remain diversified in the channels of land acquisition and step up efforts in collaborative mergers and acquisitions.
the group will identify the intrinsic brand uniqueness of its hotel operation. riding on the high-quality opening of operation of the self-operated artistic hotel, the group will enhance the market image of the artels+ () brand.
setting a higher standard for its financial control capability, the group will be committed to optimizing its debt structure, lowering finance costs, and improving the efficiency of capital operation.attaching great importance to working strenuously in attracting, developing and motivating talents, on a thorough basis, it will foster capacity building to build a platform upon which all staff members can utilize their potentials to the fullest, and unleash their energy to the fullest extent. the group will also maintain its cultural construction and uphold entrepreneurship to develop managers devotion to their career.
the group will also elevate its staff care, incubate the sense of belongings on the ethos of shared devotion, pathway and passion, in order to create a happy and vivid atmosphere in the workplace.
the group will continue with its healthy development and solidify its strategic deployment with the geographical centre in shanghai, to maintain its leading position in the commercial property sector.
the group believes that its cohesion, steadfast beliefs, shared vision, collaborative efforts, embracing for challenges and perseverance will make the group an ambitious and well-respected benchmarking player in the industry.

the steady growth of the group is attributable to the enormous support from the relevant parties for years.
the board would like to take this opportunity to express its sincere gratitude to the groups investors, business partners and customers for their continuous trust and support. at the same time, the board would also like to take this opportunity to thank the board members for their work of high performance and the groups staff for their contributions and dedication.
the group will continue to uphold its tradition of creditability, courtesy, innovation, enthusiasm while relying on an elite team with unified values, loyalty and commitment. it will adhere to its belief and rise to challenges in order to create better returns for its customers, shareholders and investors and to create greater values for the society.
hoi kin hong

20 march 2017 