chairmans statementdear shareholders, during the year ended 31 march 2017, changes in the international political landscape cast a shadow of uncertainty over the global economic development. market concerns about us federal reserves faster pace of rate hikes and chinas continued slower economic growth depressed the overall consumer sentiment. in spite of macroeconomic challenges, however, hong kongs property market on which wang on properties limited (the company, together with its subsidiaries, collectively the group) focuses on maintaining its healthy momentum. benefiting from plentiful liquidity and a comparatively low interest rate environment, and coupled with a strong demand from local and mainland homebuyers, hong kongs property market continued to grow steadily.
review of operations
during the year under review, two residential projects of the group achieved excellent pre-sale results, but as relevant property development projects had not yet been delivered to the purchasers, their results were not consolidated into the groups financial results included in this report, resulting in a decrease in revenue compared with the previous year.
the company maintained a balanced property portfolio covering residential and commercial property development and commercial investment project to provide the group with stable and diversified sources of revenue. the group implemented strict criteria of project site selection and based unit design on thoroughly thought out plans and accurate product positioning. all residential and commercial properties developed by the group were designed to comprehensively meet the needs of target customers, making the most out of their locations and surroundings.
residential property development
regarding residential property development, the group focused on developing small-to-medium-sized residential units targeting small families in recent years. the groups residential property brand, the met., is advantageously located with convenient transportation and living facilities, offers trendy design and excellent space utilisation and has won wide public recognition. during the year under review, the group launched pre-sales of two residential projects the met. blossom in the third quarter of 2016 and the met.
bliss in the fourth quarter of 2016. both projects were hugely popular, selling out almost all units in a few weeks, and 1,001 units out of a total of 1,004 units have been sold.
the success of these two projects was mainly attributable to their accurate product positioning, which targets single people, young couples and first-time home buyers and provision of high-quality metropolitan life, coupled with tailored effective marketing strategies. in addition to rigid demand from home buyers, the projects attracted many investors because of their superior attributes. the contracted sales revenue of the met. bliss and the met. blossom amounted to approximately hk$4.0 billion, which is expected to be recognised in the following two financial years, laying a solid foundation for the group to achieve sustainable and healthy returns.
commercial property development
regarding commercial property development, the group was working to build the brand ladder, which focuses on multi-storey ginza type commercial complexes positioned as iconic commercial landmarks integrating fashion, catering, leisure and entertainment. the groups second ginza type commercial complex project, located at nathan road, mongkok, has started constructing the superstructure. this 19-storey commercial building is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2017.

in addition to self-developed properties, the group also holds a portfolio of high-quality properties, including first-tier office properties, shopfronts and parking spaces, for lease and investment. on the one hand, these property investments can provide stable recurring cash flows to finance the groups working capital needs. on the other hand, these premium properties also offer opportunities of capital appreciation. the group combines residential property development, commercial property development and property investment to balance the revenue from various 
during the year under review, the group signed a syndicated loan agreement with six banks for hk$1.5 billion, which will not only provide a strong financial support for the groups future business development, but also provide the group with more sufficient liquidity. the ready support offered by the banks to the group also reflected the capital markets full confidence in the groups business prospects.

strong demand from local home buyers and the influx of mainland investors for local properties driven by heightened property prices in the mainland will support the local property markets continued stable development. the governments move to increase the stamp duty on the purchase of the second unit of residential property is expected to curtail some investor demand and is positive for the residential property markets healthy development. we remain cautiously optimistic for the outlook of hong kongs 
sales projects of the year the groups project under construction on its exclusively acquired land parcel located at tai po road tai wai section in shatin district, was officially named the met.
acappella in april this year. the project, to be developed in line with the brand positioning of the met., is expected to be completed in 2019, with a designed gross floor area of approximately 130,000 square feet. the group plans to launch the project in the third quarter of 2017, whose smallto-medium-sized residential units are expected to continue to attract home buyers with rigid demand and investors and hopefully make new highs in sale prices. the project sales, as and when they are recognised, are expected to bring continuous and steady cash inflow to the group. pre-sales of the two other residential projects of the group were completed in the reporting period, and the revenue will be recognised upon project completion and delivery.
in residential property development, the group currently focuses on the met. collection of boutique residences.
going forward, it will consider different types of properties in the light of market demand while maintaining the groups 
the group acquired the entire equity interest of a residential site in yiu sha road, whitehead, ma on shan (sha tin town lot no. 601) in the second quarter of 2017, which is expected to add approximately 390,000 square feet of land to the groups land bank, in order to provide land resources for future development. in respect of another site located at 13 and 15 sze shan street, yau tong, the group accepted in the second quarter of the amount of land premium assessed by the lands department. furthermore, the group has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with cifi holdings (group) co. ltd. (cifi group), one of chinas top 20 real estate developers, in june 2017. a joint venture enterprise established for collaboration of a commercial and residential project in yau tong, with a site area of approximately 41,000 sq ft. the group and cifi group each holds a 50% equity interest in the project. at present, the group is preparing the arrangement of its foundation works.
the project is expected to be completed in 2020. these projects are expected to drive the groups earnings and revenue growth in the future.
in participating in public land tender programmes to refurnish our land bank, our first consideration is whether the sites are favourably located in terms of transportation and living facilities to ensure that our developed properties will meet our brand positioning. we participate in land tender programmes in a sober-minded way based on detailed analysis of overall costs and objective assessment of the potentials of proposed property projects. in addition, the group will be active in looking for opportunities to acquire commercial and industrial properties for investment in order to build a diversified and flexible asset portfolio and better cope with market changes.
giving back to community
as a business with a social mission, we are committed to giving back to community while enhancing shareholder value. during the year under review, the group continued to support education for children from underprivileged families, enrolment of newly-arrived students into local universities, and environmental protection through sponsorship and donation. we believe that our sponsorship and donation can enable supported students from underprivileged families to enjoy life opportunities on an equal footing and contribute to hong kongs future like other people. details about our environmental, social and governance work during the year under review are disclosed under the section headed environmental, social and governance report in this 
it is thanks to the full dedication of our entire staff that the group has maintained strong development amidst a complicated and quickly evolving market environment. on behalf of the board of directors of the company (the board or the directors), i would like to express sincere appreciation to all the staff for their great work and valuable contribution to the group over the year. i also thank all our shareholders for their trust and support of the management 
chan chun hong

hong kong, 21 june 2017 