on behalf of the board of directors (the board or the directors) of wang on properties limited (the company or wop), i am pleased to announce the annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (collectively the group) for the year ended 31 march 2016 (the reporting period or the year), which is also our first annual results following our listing on the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange).
the situation of global economy remained challenging and expansion in many emerging economies was slowing down during the reporting period. in hong kong, property prices continued to garner support from moderate economic growth and robust demand for premium properties, especially small-sized residential units. the group has adopted a business strategy with emphasis on the development of small-to-medium-sized residential units to meet the increasing demand for such properties.
our property development business commenced in 2004. since then, we have been actively pursuing opportunities in the hong kong real estate sector. while we acknowledged the difficulty in competing with those property giants who have been dominating the hong kong real estate market in terms of financial resources and operation scale, we counted on our accurate positioning of both commercial and residential properties, the high standard we set for building materials, and our unique design and meticulous planning in sales arrangement. we believe in our heartfelt commitment to building homes and we believe that, as long as we remain fully committed to our vision, wop should eventually stand out from other property developers.
over the years, wop had successfully established the the met. brand in hong kong and developed three boutique residential development projects with distinct features in hong kong. the met. brand signifies good quality residential units with trendy design and layout, in locations easily accessible by public transportation and complete with various kinds of auxiliary facilities, which are most suitable for single occupants and young couples.
in addition, the group is currently establishing a theme for our new commercial project brand ladder. we intend to use the ladder brand for our ginza-style commercial property located at 575 nathan road, which is currently under development, and other ginza-style commercial properties to be developed in future. wop believe that by offering high-quality properties which match the market trends and meet customer demands, the group will be able to further promote its brand recognition and reputation among residents and investors.
review of operations
during the reporting period, the group generated revenue from property development, rentals and property management fee. the group completed delivery of all units of the met. delight in camp street, cheung sha wan as well as certain remaining units of the met. sublime in kwai heung street, sai ying pun during the reporting period. one of the two unsold upper floor units in 726 nathan road was sold in september 2015. the transaction was also completed in february 2016. the group is actively seeking buyer for the last remaining upper floor unit. meanwhile, a retail unit on the ground floor of the property continued to generate rental income to the 
we believe it is important to strive for both capital appreciation and stable cash flow to finance the working capital needs in real estate business. thus, in addition to property development, we maintain certain quality properties for investment purpose. the investment property portfolio provides the group with flexibility to reap greater benefits.
we closely monitor the dynamics in property market and will timely adjust our investment property portfolio according to market conditions. during the reporting period, we disposed of a number of properties, comprising riviera plaza in tsuen wan, a shop in mongkok, properties in yen chow street and chuen lung street and certain car parking spaces, for an aggregate consideration of hk$1,104.3 million.
currently, we have four projects under development, amongst which two projects in ma on shan will be launched in 2016 and early 2017 respectively. the group will continue to adopt a cautious proactive approach towards the selection of quality land lots by primarily considering small-to-medium-sized sites close to mtr stations and easily accessible, and will replenish our land bank progressively in order to facilitate long-term sustainable development of our business in the future.
in respect of investment properties, wop currently holds one industrial building unit and seven retail premises, some of which are street shops at prime locations. the group will continue to look for potential investment properties in different districts in the future.
giving back to community
while we endeavour to promote business development and strive for greater returns for our shareholders, we acknowledge our corporate social responsibility by contributing to community development in the place where our business has been established and thrived. during the reporting period, the group made charity donations to organisations including the community chest of hong kong and hong kong new arrivals services foundation limited to show our care to society. in light of the ever greater disparity between rich and poor in hong kong society developed in recent years, grassroots families face escalating pressure in making a living. apart from tangible resources and financial support, this group of people yearns for care and respect from the general public.
education for children from underprivileged families is another issue of concern in hong kong society. we have provided education fund subsidies to students from low-income families and offered internship opportunities to them, with a view to helping them to have better education and job prospects.

the prospects of global economy remain uncertain due to the us interest rate hike, foreign exchange volatility and the restructuring and transformation of china economy. nevertheless, as hong kong is characterised by limited land supply and a prolonged excess demand in the property market, it is expected that property prices will remain relatively stable for some time. the recent significant depreciation in currencies of neighbouring countries has hampered the number of visitors from mainland china. it is inevitable for the business of retailers targeting such visitors to suffer a blow. consequently, rental rates of commercial properties in certain districts are expected to be temporarily affected.
in light of robust demand for small-to-medium-sized residential units in hong kong, we have been concentrating on affordable small-to-medium-sized properties in recent years and have developed boutique residential properties targeting first-time home buyers. previous boutique residential projects under the met. series were all very well-received. we anticipate further and greater demands for such small-to-medium-sized residential properties. the group has four projects under construction including ma kam street project and hang kwong street project in ma on shan, tai po road project in tai wai and the commercial project on 575 nathan road, mongkok, which are expected to be completed and be delivered between 2017 and 2019. the group will continue to actively take part in land tenders hosted by the government and capture other opportunities for property acquisitions so as to maintain sufficient land bank to support the sustainable development of our real estate 
i would like to express my sincere gratitude to every shareholder, whose support has rendered our successful spin- off from our parent company, wang on group limited (wang on or the parent company) in 2016, making us now a separate listed property developer. i am most proud as being able to participate in the evolution of the group alongside with our management team in the past 12 years, and would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our colleagues and business partners, who have always been supportive and faithful to us in such a lasting and 
on behalf of the board, i would also like to express my sincere appreciation to all the staff for their dedication and contribution in all aspects of the group over the past year. i wish the company another successful year with concerted efforts and teamwork from all of our staff.
chan chun hong

hong kong, 8 june 2016 