it gives me great pleasure to report that 2016 was another year of excellent progress and growth for aia.
global politics, economics and capital markets all took unexpected turns in 2016. throughout this uncertainty, aia has remained focused on maintaining our established track record of successfully executing our growth strategy to create sustainable value for our shareholders. this has been demonstrated once again by the exceptional results delivered in 2016 across all of our financial metrics.
aia has been in asia for close to a century and strives to play a leadership role in supporting economic and social development across the region. we are here to serve our customers by meeting their ever-changing needs for financial security with our products and services and by focusing on helping people live longer, healthier, better lives. this enables us to continue to deliver consistent and sustainable results through the many market cycles we have faced over our long history. i would like to thank our customers and our shareholders for their continuing confidence, support and trust in aia.
the board of directors has recommended a step up in the final dividend of 25 per cent to 63.75 hong kong cents per share, subject to shareholders' approval at the company's forthcoming agm. this brings the total dividend for 2016 to 85.65 hong kong cents per share, an increase of 23 per cent compared with 2015. the board's decision to recommend a further uplift from the new higher base established last year reflects the strength of our results and our confidence in aia's future prospects.
the board intends to follow aia's prudent, sustainable and progressive dividend policy from this higher base allowing for future growth opportunities and the financial flexibility of the group. it is one of the many positive aspects of aia's franchise that we are able to finance significant profitable growth while ensuring that our shareholders benefit directly from the group's success through our dividend policy.
an important focus of the board is to ensure that aia continues to meet the highest international standards of corporate governance. we believe that strong governance is fundamental to our sustainable growth and to maintaining confidence in our organisation from all our stakeholders. equally important is a sound risk management framework that ensures the prudent and efficient running of the organisation while, at the same time, meeting the highest regulatory expectations 
effective financial management and leveraging our financial strength have ensured our very strong capital position. as at 30 november 2016, the solvency ratio for our principal regulated operating company aia co.
remained strong at 404 per cent and the group's free surplus above required regulatory capital was 
my previous re-appointment as non-executive chairman was for two years from january 2015. the board has invited me to remain as chairman and i am very pleased 
aia is exceptionally well positioned to benefit from the demographic, social and economic progress across asia. the board is keenly aware that converting these opportunities into the excellent results we have achieved since our ipo requires well-grounded strategies, high levels of technical expertise and focused implementation. i would li ke to convey the board's deep appreciation for the dedication and commitment of the group's employees, agents and partners without which our sustainable success would not be possible.
special thanks are due, as in past years, to our group chief executive and president mark tucker and his team for the excellent leadership they provide in achieving these outstanding results.
edmund sze-wing tse

24 february 2017 