sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.

on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual results for the year ended 31 
the market environment of the global shipping sector remained sluggish in the year 2014. as demand in the global shipping market slowed down and excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and declining freight rates. shipping companies generally operated in challenging conditions.
in line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure investment and urbanization development in asia as well as the relocation of more production bases to southeast asian countries, including vietnam, cambodia and myanmar, merchandise trade between this region and other parts of asia also kept increasing.
consequently, the overall intra-asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth in 2014 on a year-on-year basis and remained the worlds largest container shipping market.
sitc is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages on the comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business model, high quality customer base and its high-density, high frequency container shipping route and logistics network covering major ports in asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade and economies of china and other asian countries. despite the declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the sea freight market and high fuel costs, the group still performed well during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately us$1,377 million, representing an increase of approximately 8.7% as compared with 2013. gross profit reached approximately us$166.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 16.2% as compared with 2013. profit before income tax amounted to approximately us$125.2 million, representing an increase of approximately 8.6% from 2013. profit attributable to shareholders of the company amounted to approximately us$120.7 million and earnings per share was approximately us$4.67 cents. for the year ended 31 december 2014, the board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$0.12 per share.
over the past years, sitc continued to record significant increase in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers by actively capitalizing on the intra-asia economic development.
the total container shipping volume for the year increased by approximately 4.8% to 2,077,335 teu, with average freight rate of us$500teu, up 2.9% year on year. the groups land-based freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,593,001 teu, up 4.1% year-on-year. sitc maintained stable growth in intra-asia shipping market share in 2014.
the group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued development opportunities at low costs. sitc has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. in 2014, a total of 2 new vessels and 1 bulk cargo vessel were delivered, as a result our total fleet capacity at the end of 2014 reached 78,478 teu. the group considers that the new vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the group expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage for sitc. as at 31 december 2014, the group had 32 self-owned container vessels and 35 chartered container vessels. meanwhile, the group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of 
in respect of the sea freight logistics business, the group continued to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container shipping route services networks of the group in october 2014. the extension and upgrade include: (a) extending its services network from jakarta to laem chabang and haiphong, it is the first container lines company that introduces direct services from jakarta to haiphong; (b) extending its services network from laem chabang to haiphong and upgrading its direct service from weekly to twice a week; (c) adding its container shipping route services network to qinzhou port as the first container shipping route in southeast asia area, extending its export services from qinzhou port to haiphong, incheon, pyeongtaek as well as expanding its import services from jakarta, laem chabang, ho chi minh to qinzhou port. upon the extension, this shipping route will become the first container shipping trade lane for qinzhou port; and (d) upgrading its direct express service in the incheon-to-pyeongtaek route from weekly to twice a week. as of 31 december 2014, the group operated 59 trade lanes, including 12 trade lanes through joint services and 20 trade lanes through container slot exchange arrangements.
in respect of the land-based logistics business, the group entered into a joint venture agreement during the year 2014 and established a joint venture in thailand with a partnership based in thailand to further expand its footprints in thailand by promoting and developing logistics park services through the joint venture. the group has also acquired 60% equity interest in tianjin xin hua xi logistics co., ltd.
and 60% equity interest in qingdao smartcargo logistics co., ltd., to expand the depot and warehouse operating area. the group also actively developed the land-based third party logistics businesses and operated (including through joint ventures) approximately 
of depot and 100,000 m2 of warehousing space.
while the global shipping industry is expected to face various difficulties and challenges in 2015, the groups management remains confident about the business environment in intra-asia container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2015. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service 
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors of the company (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the 
9 march 2015 