we will continue to optimize our unique business model, expand our intra-asia service network and replicate our integrated service model within our network to bring ourselves closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.
dear honourable shareholders, on behalf of the board of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual results for the year ended 31 december 2010.
the global shipping sector was on its way back to a normal trail in 2010 after having hit a bottom in 2009. the market for long-haul routes such as far east europe and transpacific exhibited signs of revival, in line with the slow recoveries of economies in the united states and europe.
benefitted from the buoyant development of asian economies, the intraasia shipping market regained its strong development momentum.
china experienced a 10.3% growth in its gross domestic product in 2010, and has surpassed japan as the worlds second largest economy.
economies in southeast asian countries including thailand and vietnam grew at varying paces during the year. capitalizing on these, the intraasia container shipping market experienced a remarkable growth in 2010, securing its position as the worlds largest container shipping market. it can be foreseen that signing of the china asean free trade agreement in 2010 will stimulate intra-asia trade growth between china and the asean countries and drive the rapid development of shipping and logistics industry in asia, especially the china southeast asian routes.
sitc is a leading prc-based shipping logistics enterprise focusing on serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages its comprehensive transportation and logistics supply chain, unique business model, high quality clientele and high-frequently intra-asia container shipping route network to derive full benefits from growth in trade and economies of china and other asian countries.
the group achieved notable performance during the year under review, with its turnover reaching approximately us$891.5 million, representing an increase of 28.4% from 2009. profit before income tax amounted to approximately us$115 million, representing an increase of us$81.1 million from 2009. profit attributable to owners of the parent company in 2010 amounted to approximately us$112.0 million, and carrying earnings per share were approximately us$4.3 cents. the board resolved to recommend the payment for a final dividend of hk$0.12 
sitc continued to outperform the industry for the whole year of 2010, achieving a total shipping volume of 1,373,220 teu, up 15.7% from last year, at freight rate averaged us$506teu, up 12.4% year on year.
the groups land-based freight forwarding business processed 954,322 teu in total volume, up 76.4% year on year. sitc has been achieving significant growth in its container shipping volume over the years and secured a 5.1% share in the asia shipping market in 2010.
2010 was a momentous year in sitcs corporate history. the company was successfully listed on the stock exchange on 6 october 2010.
this successful tapping of funding sources from the international capital market provided strong support to the groups efforts in expanding the scale and optimizing the structure of its fleet and strengthening and broadening its service network in the intra-asia market to meet growing market demand.
since the listing of the companys shares on the main board of the stock exchange on 6 october 2010 (the listing), the group had been actively pursuing expansion of its fleet and as at 31 december 2010 had commissioned to construct a total of 9 container vessels. together with the other 4 container shipping vessels that the group had signed earlier options to construct, will aggregate the total number of container ships commissioned to be constructed to 13. from january 2011 to march 2011, the group had commissioned to construct 2 new container vessels and purchased 1 second-hand container vessel. these orders were made to capitalize on the attractive new build prices. the acquisitions helped to expand the groups self-owned fleet, a move which would allow us to secure a competitive cost position and increase the groups profitability by riding on the shipping industry upturn. the group targets to increase the total number of operating vessels in its fleet to 80 in the next three to five years from 49 as at 31 december 2010.
additionally, as part of its efforts to replicate the logistics park business model within its intra-asia network, sitc signed an agreement with a partner in vietnam in late october, 2010 to build and operate logistics park facilities in dinh vu port, hai phong city in northern vietnam. the first phase of the dinh vu port logistics park project will occupy a depot of 30,000 sq.m. situated next to the port, this logistics park will enhance sitcs operation objective by significantly reducing the costs and 
the group signed another agreement with qingdao economic and technological development zone management committee in december
2010, seeking to develop and construct phase two of its logistics park within qianwan port, qingdao. this will be complementary to the existing operation of the 500,000 sq. m. logistics park phase one.
the groups management is very confident about the business environment of intra-asia container logistics in 2011. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network and replicate its integrated service model within its network to bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the future.

10 march 2011 