sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.

on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual results for the year ended 31 
during the year ended 31 december 2015, the global economic and trade environment remained volatile, and marked by several industrychanging events. the economy and trade in asia also faced a slowdown.
the growth of the global container logistics slowed down while excess shipping capacity and decrease in costs resulted in increased competition and declining freight rates. shipping logistics companies generally operated in challenging conditions.
in line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure investment and the urbanization development in asia as well as the relocation of more production bases to southeast asian countries, including vietnam, cambodia and indonesia, merchandise trade between this region and other parts of asia also kept increasing.
consequently, the overall intra-asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth in 2015 on a year-on-year basis and remained the worlds largest container shipping market.
sitc is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages on the comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business model, high quality customer base and its highdensity, highfrequency container shipping route and logistics network covering major ports in asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade and economies of china and other asian countries. despite the declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the sea freight market and high fuel costs, the group still performed well during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately us$1,284.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 6.7% as compared with 2014. gross profit reached approximately us$182.1 million, representing an increase of approximately 9.6% as compared with 2014. profit before income tax amounted to approximately us$148.4 million, representing an increase of approximately 18.5% from 2014. profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately us$143.2 million and earnings per share was approximately us5.5 cents. for the year ended 31 december 2015, the board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$16 cents per share.
over the past years, sitc continued to record significant increase in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers by actively capitalizing on the intra-asia economic development.
the total container shipping volume for the year increased by approximately 4.13% to 2,163,179 teu, with average freight rate of us$413.8teu, down 11.99% year on year. the groups landbased freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,616,974 teu, up 1.5% year on year. sitc maintained stable growth in intraasia shipping market share in 2015.
the group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued development opportunities at low costs. sitc has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. in 2015, a total of 10 new vessels and 2 secondhand vessel were delivered. our total fleet capacity at the end of 2015 reached 86,948 teu. the group considers that the new vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the group expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage for sitc. as at 31 december 2015, the group had 44 self-owned container vessels and 27 chartered container vessels. meanwhile, the group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of 
in respect of the sea freight logistics business, the group continued to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container shipping route services networks of the group. there was a new direct shipping route between south china and the philippines with cebu as our new calling port. the qingdao-sakai-senboku port shipping route also marked its debut. a new direct shipping route serving south china, the philippines, indonesia and malaysia was launched with makassar port as our new calling port. as of 31 december 2015, the group operated 61 trade lanes, including 10 trade lanes through joint services and 24 trade lanes through container slot exchange arrangements.
in respect of the land-based logistics business a joint venture in thailand and self-operated depots in bangkok and laem chabang with an area of approximately 69,000 sq.m. were established to promote and develop the logistics park business of the group in thailand. the group expanded phase ii of the depot in vietnam by approximately 12,000 sq.m. through a joint venture so as to further enhance its operation capabilities in the logistics park of vietnam.
as of 31 december 2015, the group operated (including by way of a joint venture) a depot of approximately 1 million sq.m. and a warehouse of 100,000 sq.m. in addition, the group entered into strategic cooperation agreements with shanghai east container terminal ( ), qingdao port and sihanoukville autonomous port to strengthen its cooperation with the ports in respect of ancillary services including depot, warehousing and shipping agency.
while the global shipping industry is expected to face various difficulties and challenges in 2016, the groups management remains confident about the business environment in intra-asia container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2016. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider. it is the groups policy to continue pursue strategies that would enhance the groups long-term value and bring reasonable returns to the shareholders with a cautious attitude.
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors of the company (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the 
11 march 2016 