sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.

on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual results for the year ended 31 
during the year ended 31 december 2016, despite signs of bottoming up in the global economy and trade environment, the growth of the global container logistics slowed down while excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and declining freight rates. the whole industry generally operated under 
in line with the development in economy and trading and the increasing spending power in asia as well as the relocation of more production bases within the region, consequently, merchandise trade within this region also kept increasing. beneficial from the above factors, the overall intra-asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth in 2016 on a year-on-year basis and remained the worlds largest container shipping market. consequently, the overall intra-asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth in 2016 on a year-on-year basis and remained the worlds largest container shipping market.
sitc is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages on the comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business model, high quality customer base and its highdensity, highfrequency container shipping route and logistics network covering major ports in asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade and economies of china and other asian countries. despite the declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the sea freight market as well as significant volatile in currency rate fuel costs, the groups operation still performed well during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately us$1,215.8 million, representing an decrease of approximately 5.6% as compared with 2015. meanwhile gross profit reached approximately us$199.5 million, representing an increase of approximately 7.5% as compared with 2015. profit before income tax amounted to approximately us$130.7 million, representing an decrease of approximately 14.0% from 2015. profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately us$122.8 million and earnings per share was approximately us$4.70 cents. for the year ended 31 december 2016, the board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$16 cents per share.
over the past years, sitc continued to record significant increase in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers by actively capitalizing on the intra-asia economic development.
the total container shipping volume for the year increased by approximately 7.9% to 2,333,439 teu, with average freight rate of us$388.3teu (excluding slot exchange fee rate), down 6.5% year on year. the groups land-based freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,755,225 teu, up 8.5% year on year.
sitc maintained stable growth in intra-asia shipping market share in 
the group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued development opportunities at low costs. sitc has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. in 2016, a total of 2 new vessels and 2 secondhand vessels were delivered. our total fleet capacity at the end of 2016 reached 99,986 teu. the group considers that the new vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price help the group expand its self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage for sitc. as at 31 december 2016, the group had 48 self-owned container vessels and 30 chartered container vessels. meanwhile, the group owned 6 dry bulk vessels with a gross tonnage of 
in respect of the sea freight logistics business, the group continued to implement various extension and upgrade to certain container shipping route services networks. we have added new self-operated direct freight services to the philippines to realize full coverage of all the key ports in the philippines; additional direct freight services to ho chi minh and indonesia with pioneer service at samarang, while further improving the trade lane network of indonesia by optimizing import and export services for makasar. as of 31 december 2016, the group operated 62 trade lanes, including 10 trade lanes through joint services and 24 trade lanes through container slot exchange 
in respect of the land-based logistics business, the group actively developed the land-based third party logistics businesses and operated (including through joint ventures) approximately 1,000,000 m2 of depot and 100,000 m2 of warehousing space. in 2016, the group and its partners set up a new company, ningbo free trade zone xingao logistics co., ltd ( ). the company is located in the ningbo free trade zone, adjacent to chinas largest deep-water port - ningbo beilun port, covering an area of over 40,000 square meters. it is equipped with the worlds advanced equipment and powerful information support system, providing customers with high quality and efficient container maintenance and stockpiling management services. in addition, saas logistics holdings limited ( ) started operation in 2016.the company will provide air transportation logistics services in asia, including freight space wholesale for airlines, logistics services required for e-commerce and air transportation warehousing. it has set up branches in the main hubs for air travel in mainland china and hong kong.
while the global shipping industry is expected to face various difficulties and challenges in 2017, the groups management remains confident about the business environment in intra-asia logistics market in the year of 2017. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors of the company (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the 
24 march 2017 