we will continue to improve our unique business model, expand our intra-asia service network and replicate our integrated service model within our network to bring ourselves closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.

on behalf of the board of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual audited results for the year ended 31 december 2011.
following the brief recovery in 2010, the global shipping sector entered into a downturn again in the year 2011. affected by the slow recovery of the united states economy and the worsening sovereign debt crisis in europe, demand in the global shipping market slowed down. furthermore, excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and declining freight rates. fuel costs surged, and shipping companies in general suffered operating losses.
in contrast to the slow economic recovery in the united states and europe, china experienced a 9.2% growth in its gross domestic product in 2011, and remained the worlds second largest economy.
economies in southeast asian countries, including thailand and vietnam, grew at varying paces during the year. consequently, the intra-asia container shipping market experienced moderate growth in 2011 and remained the worlds largest container shipping market.
the signing of the china asean free trade agreement in 2010 has stimulated trade growth between china and asean countries and has driven the rapid development of the shipping and logistics industry in asia during the year under review.
sitc is a leading prc-based shipping logistics company focused on serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages on its onestop shipping logistics solutions platform, unique business model, high quality customers and high frequency intra-asia container shipping and logistics route network to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade and economies of china and other asian 
the group performed well during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately us$1,087.2 million, representing an increase of 22% from 2010. profit before tax amounted to approximately us$98.2 million, representing a decrease of us$16.8 million from 2010. profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately us$93.6 million, and earnings per share was approximately us$3.6 cents in 2011. the board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$0.12 per share.
for the year of 2011, we continued to outperform many of our peers and achieved total shipping volume of 1,546,259 teu, up 12.6% from last year, with average freight rate of us$543teu, up 7.3% year on year. the groups land-based freight forwarding business achieved volume of 1,341,359 teu, up 40.6% year on year. sitc has been achieving significant growth in its container shipping volume over the years and maintained growth in intra-asia market share in 2011.
the year of 2011 was an exceptional year in the history of our development. faced with the industry downturn, the company leveraged on the proceeds raised from its initial public offering and strong operating cash flow amidst the difficult business environment, and pursued development opportunities and expansion at low costs.
the group has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. since the listing of the company, a total of 13 container vessels have been commissioned and two second-hand container vessels have been acquired. our fleet capacity increased from 44,440 teu at the end of 2010 to 50,360 teu at the end of 2011. our new vessels were purchased at attractive prices, expanding the scale of our selfowned fleet to secure a long-term cost advantage. the group targets to increase its total operating fleet from 53 as at 31 december 2011 to about 80 vessels in the next three to five years.
in our land-based logistics segment, sitc set up 14 new shipping agency and freight forwarding outlets at cities in weifang, nantong, hangzhou, yiwu, fangcheng, linyi, kunming, zhapu, chongqing,
guangzhou, ningbo, lianyungang in the prc, haiphong and ho chi minh in vietnam during 2011. this further boosted our ability to provide integrated logistics services to our customers. moreover, qingdao qianwan united advance container terminal co., limited,
a joint venture of the group engaged in container terminal business at qingdao commenced operation in june 2011. sitc-dinh vu logistics limited, a joint venture engaged in depot business in vietnam, which formally commenced operation in march, inter into a purchase contract for a parcel of land of 50,000 square meters in december 2011, for the expansion work in phase 2 of the depot, laying a foundation for the further expansion of our depot and 
the global shipping industry is expected to face a lot of difficulties and challenges in the year of 2012. the groups management remains confident about the business environment in intra-asia container shipping and logistics in the year of 2012. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network and replicate its integrated service model within its network to bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the future.

14 march 2012 