we will continue to optimize our unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service provider.

on behalf of the board of sitc international holdings company limited (sitc or the company, together with its subsidiaries referred to as the group), i hereby present to you the groups annual results for the year ended 31 december 2012.
the market environment of the global shipping sector remained sluggish in the year 2012. affected by the slow recovery of the united states economy and the sovereign debt crisis in europe, demand in the global shipping market slowed down. furthermore, excess shipping capacity resulted in increased competition and declining freight rates. fuel costs surged, and shipping companies generally operated in challenging conditions.
in contrast to the economies of the united states and europe, china experienced a 7.8% growth in its gross domestic product in 2012, and remained the worlds second largest economy. in line with the increasing spending power and the infrastructure investment and the urbanization development in asia as well as the relocation of more production bases to southeast asian countries, including vietnam, cambodia and burma, merchandise trade between this region and other parts of asia also kept increasing. consequently, the overall intra-asia container shipping volume experienced continuous growth in 2012 on a year-on-year basis and remained the worlds largest container shipping market.
sitc is a leading shipping logistics company dedicated to serving the intra-asia trade market. the group leverages on the comprehensive coverage of its shipping and logistics supply chain, unique business model, high quality customer base and its high-density, highfrequency container shipping route and logistics network covering major ports in asia to derive full benefits of the growth in the trade and economies of china and other asian countries. despite the declining shipping rate as a result of the intense competition in the sea freight market and high fuel costs, the group still performed well during the year under review, with turnover reaching approximately us$1,204.6 million, representing an increase of 13.6% as compared with 2011. gross profit reached approximately us$138.4 million, representing an increase of 20.6% as compared with 2011. profit before income tax amounted to approximately us$96.1 million, representing a slight decrease of 0.3% from 2011. profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately us$93.5 million, and earnings per share was approximately us$3.61 cents. for the year ended 31 december 2012, the board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$0.12 per share.
over the past years, sitc continued to record significant increase in container shipping volume and outperform many of our peers by actively capitalizing on the intra-asia economic development. the total container shipping volume for the year increased by 14.7% to 1,774,054 teu, with average freight rate of us$539teu, down 0.7% year on year. the groups land-based freight forwarding business achieved total volume of 1,394,358 teu, up 8.0% year on year.
sitc maintained stable growth in intra-asia shipping market share in 
the group leveraged on its strong operating cash flow to expand its operations amidst the unfavorable industrial trend, and pursued development opportunities at low costs. sitc has actively pursued expansion of its fleet. in 2012, a total of 12 new vessels and 1 second-hand vessel were delivered. our total fleet capacity at the end of 2012 reached 61,303 teu, increasing by 21.7% year on year.
the group considers that the new vessel orders placed at a time of low vessel price helps the group expand our self-owned fleet and secure a long-term cost advantage for sitc. as at 31 december 2012, the group had 27 self-owned vessels and 33 chartered vessels. the group plans to expand its total operating fleet from 60 vessels to about 80 vessels in the next three to five years.
in respect of the sea freight logistics business, the group made 52 shipping route optimizations during the year in an attempt to cope with the complex and intense competition in the intra-asia market through more frequent port calls and more reasonable scheduling. in the meantime, the group continued to extend its intra-asia shipping routes by adding 7 ports of call, namely nansha and shantou in china, daesan and gyeongin in south korea,
kawasaki and hitachinaka in japan and djakarta in indonesia, to expand the coverage of its network. as of 31 december 2012, the group operated 52 trade lanes, including four trade lanes through joint services and 19 trade lanes through container slot exchange 
in respect of the land-based logistics business, the group added 7 on-land marketing centers in singapore and wuhan, chongqing, quanzhou, hangzhou, weifang and rizhao of the prc during the year. the group also actively developed the land-based third party logistics businesses and operated (including through joint ventures) approximately 676,000 m2 of depot and 76,000 m2 of warehousing 
while the global shipping industry is expected to face various difficulties and challenges in 2013, the groups management remains confident about the business environment in intra-asia container shipping and logistics market in the year of 2013. as its business expands, sitc will continue to optimize its unique business model, expand its intra-asia service network, work for the objective of becoming the first choice of customers, provide its customers with quality services through construction of comprehensive logistics facilities and tailor-made logistics solutions, and bring itself closer to the goal of becoming a world-class integrated logistics service 
finally, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders for their concern and support to the group. i would like to express my appreciation to all directors of the company (directors), members of senior management and staff of the group for their hard work during the past year. i believe that sitc is progressing towards its goal of becoming a world-class shipping logistics enterprise and will deliver more outstanding results in the 
11 march 2013 