as a growing, balanced enterprise we are well positioned for the future, and we are driven by entrepreneurial thinking and a focus on technology 
on behalf of the board of directors of nexteer (board), i present to our shareholders (shareholders) the annual report for the financial year ended december 31, 2016.
over the past six years, we have transformed the company into a modern, energetic and profitable enterprise. we have experienced unprecedented growth and technological advances, accelerated by our employees passion for relentless innovation. this passion has fueled the company for over a century and has now made nexteer a leader in intuitive motion 
with a strong product portfolio and competitive footprint, we have enjoyed rapid growth driven by robust program launches and strong vehicle volumes in north america and asia pacific. in the current reporting period, we generated us$301.9 million net profit. we also increased revenue to us$3,842.2 million at the end of 
in august 2016, we established a lean and globally connected corporate world headquarters in auburn 
located in the heart of the automotive industry, the new facility is tangible evidence of a company in motion.
it signals nexteers technological focus and provides a central platform for increased industry presence. it serves as the hub of nexteers innovative approach to business, enabling us to pursue balanced global growth and deliver advanced products.
in 2016, we continued to enhance our global engineering 
in april 2016, we opened a new application engineering centre in tychy, poland to serve our european customers. we also opened phase two of our application engineering centre in suzhou, china to build on regional success with brush column eps. these facilities are strategically located to better serve our global customers and anticipate market needs.
in 2016, we opened a record 3 new manufacturing facilities to meet the demands of a growing customer base. these included a wholly-owned facility located in brazil and a joint venture in chongqing, both focused on regional localisation of our eps capabilities. a new facility in india expands halfshafts manufacturing and enables the possibility of locally produced eps business with new customers.
with 24 manufacturing facilities, 5 regional engineering centres and 11 customer service centres strategically located around the globe, we continue to advance our strategy of diversification with new customers, new products and new regions of operations.
our 2016 backlog of booked business remains strong at us$25.6 billion. the composition of booked business provides an indication of our increasing customer diversity and continued market expansion in eps.
in april 2016, we published the groups first sustainability report on a voluntary basis, demonstrating our commitment to the creation of shareholder value in a socially responsible manner. we will publish our second sustainability report in 2017 outlining the progress we have made in furthering this process within 
as we continue to evolve global manufacturing and engineering capabilities, improve our capital expenditure and procurement processes, and enhance corporate and governance functions, we are driving impactful operating changes focused on value creation for all shareholders.
our capital structure remains healthy and flexible, enabling us to consider targeted acquisitions and alliances appropriate for the business. as a growing, balanced enterprise we are well positioned for the future, and we are driven by entrepreneurial thinking and a focus on technology leadership.
review of results
for the year ended december 31, 2016, the groups revenue was us$3,842.2 million, representing an increase of approximately 14.3% from us$3,360.5 million in 2015. revenue from non-us markets amounted to us$2,095.4 million, representing growth of 14.6% from us$1,827.8 million in 2015. net profit attributable to equity holders of the company was us$294.7 million representing an increase of 43.5% from us$205.4 million in 2015. the groups gross profit was us$661.7 million, representing an increase of 21.4% from us$544.9 million in 2015.
nexteer continues to make global diversification a priority. in 2016, 65.4% of revenue was delivered from north america, 23.4% from asia pacific, 11.2% from europe and south america.

we recognise that the technological migration from hps to eps is approaching full conversion. with this in mind, we are focused on optimising incumbent business through cost improvement and continued investment in technological innovation. we will also continue to monitor the projected slowdown in major markets like the us and china in anticipation of further business 
with the advent of vehicle automation and enhanced vehicle communications, the automotive industry is undergoing radical transformation to define the future of mobility. in 2016, vehicle manufacturers declared new business models, announced equity investments in disruptive technologies and reevaluated relationships with the supply base. new market entrants also continue to influence and accelerate the pace of innovation in the automotive industry, leaving room only for those nimble enough to quickly adapt and embrace change.
at the 2017 naias, we announced the expansion of our product portfolio with the market introduction of two new products for ad: nexteer steering on demand system and nexteer quiet wheel steering.
these innovative products have led to development contracts with several existing customers and have opened doors with new targeted customers. these products leverage advanced driver assistance technology in eps and our production history in steer-by-wire. they create a platform and the central building blocks for nexteer to play an important role in the future of mobility and automated driving.
our joint arrangement with continental will focus on advanced motion control systems for automated driving and will accelerate advancements in vehicle motion control systems beyond both parents current capabilities. we continue to consider new collaborative relationships, acquisitions and alliances to strengthen our position in mobility solutions.
at nexteer, the future is guided by opportunities for advancement within and beyond our core business of steering and driveline systems. i am gratified to be part of nexteers transformation and express my greatest appreciation for our teams hard work and dedication in securing its place as a leader in intuitive motion 
on behalf of the board, i would like to express my sincere appreciation to our management team and our 13,700 employees worldwide for their unwavering dedication to value creation. we remain focused on driving consistent growth in our core products.
further, we recognise increasing market opportunities in adas functionality and the enabling technologies that will make vehicle autonomy a reality. we are well positioned to ensure that nexteer remains relevant as a provider of key content for the delivery of intuitive motion control and will pursue strategic collaborations and targeted acquisitions to advance our capabilities.
i extend additional thanks to our shareholders. your belief and support afford nexteer the ability to thrive in a dynamic global marketplace and to build a solid platform for continued growth.
i encourage you to review the material contained in this report, and sincerely value your continued support of 
march 14, 2017 