chairman s statement on behalf of the board of directors (the board ) of china maple leaf educational systems limited (the company ), i am pleased to present the annual report comprising the consolidated results of the company, its subsidiaries and affiliated consolidated entities (collectively the group ) for the year ended 31 august 2015. this is the report of the first full-year results after the company s shares were listed on the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange ) on 28 november 2014 (the the board is proud of the company for being the first international school operator listed on the stock exchange. not only has the listing marked a key milestone in the group s history but also paved the way for the group s expansion in the future.
the company raised net proceeds of approximately hk$881.4 million (equivalent to approximately rmb697.4 million) from the listing, after deducting the expenses related to the listing. details of the intended use of proceeds are set out in the report of the directors, the company s announcement dated 7 september 2015 and the company s prospectus dated 18 november 2014.
during the financial year ended 31 august 2015, the group acquired the entire equity interest in jingzhou yinghua foreign languages school, which originally offered grades 1 to 12 education in jingzhou city, hubei province in the people s republic of china ( china ), for a consideration of rmb46 million.

results and dividends our result performance for the year ended 31 august 2015 was encouraging. total revenue reached rmb653.0 million, an increase of 20.9%.
profit for the year increased by 413.4% to rmb205.5 million whereas adjusted net profit for the year was rmb185.8 million, up 45.8%. the board has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hk$0.043 per share and a special dividend of hk$0.027 per share. together with the interim dividend of hk$0.025 per share, this will bring a total dividend of hk$0.095 per share for the year ended 31 august 2015.

the group operates all of its schools under the maple leaf brand. each school year generally starts from 1 september in each calendar year and ends on 30 june in the next calendar year. as at the end of the 20142015 school year, a total of 16,078 students were enrolled in 40 schools located at nine cities in china, representing a growth of 19.0% compared with the student enrollment as at the end of the 20132014 school year. revenue from tuition fees rose 18.8% to rmb554.5 million for the year ended 31 august 2015. according to our internal statistics, over 51% of our high school graduates in the 20142015 school year were admitted to the top 100 universities in the world (based on the qs world university rankings), indicating the result of our quality education to a large extent.
as at 30 september 2015 (being the end of first month of the 20152016 school year), the total number of students enrolled was 17,864, an increase of 23% compared with the student enrollment as at the same month in 2014, and 6 additional schools and two new cities, namely jingzhou and yiwu, were added to the group s school network making a total of 46 schools located at eleven cities in china.

with over twenty years of educational experience in china, the group continues to provide a high quality k-12 education by combining the merits of both western and chinese educational philosophies.
the group has made a blueprint for its fifth five-year plan from the 20152016 to the 20192020 school years (the fifth five-year plan ), in which the group set two core strategic goals. the first strategic goal relates to the development of the group s fundamental education, which focuses on two transformations, namely i) a shift of emphasis from promoting international talent to fostering elite talent, and ii) a strategic expansion from stand-alone schools to educational parks and from educational parks to school districts. the second strategic goal relates to the development of certain industries which are relevant to the basic necessities of our students, such as running canteens, supermarkets and cultural shops inside our schools, and the sale of uniform and bottled mineral water. under the fifth five-year plan, the group s overall growth target is to increase its student enrollment to more than 40,000 by the end of the 20192020 school year.
in order to achieve this growth target, the group needs a clear road map for its expansion. our students mainly come from middle class families in china and accordingly, the group will continue to expand its school network in potential second and third tier cities where the number of middle class families is growing. however, the group will also consider potential development in first tier cities if there exists any good opportunity.
since the 20112012 school year, the group s school network has been expanding at a fast pace because the group has adopted an asset light model by partnering with public or private entities to develop its new schools. under an asset light development, the group is able to open up to 6 to 9 new schools in three cities in each school year. in this regard, the board considers that an asset light model will continue to be a core strategy for the group s the group will also continue to identify potential acquisition or strategic investment opportunities that will create a synergy with the group and fit the educational philosophy of maple leaf. apart from the expansion plan in china, the board is of the view that, being an international school operator, the group shall also explore opportunities to extend its school network in overseas countries or regions.
the board is confident to maintain the group s leading position as an international school operator in china while providing quality educational services in the society.
share award scheme the board realizes the importance of retention of and motivation for talent who plays important roles in the implementation of fifth five-year plan. the company has adopted, among other incentives, a restricted share award scheme ( share award scheme ) under which share awards will be granted to the directors, executive officers, senior management, employees and consultants of the group aiming to attract and retain talent, recognize their contributions and align their interests with those of the shareholders as well. in july, the trustee of the share award scheme purchased a total of 31,080,000 shares of the company on the stock exchange at a total consideration of approximately hk$74.7 million (equivalent to approximating on behalf of the board, i would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our students parents, the local governments, and our shareholders for their continuing support. i also wish to thank our fellow board members and senior management for their contributions to the listing process and extend my appreciation to our management, teachers and staff for their endeavors and commitments to provide high quality education.
shu liang sherman jen china maple leaf educational systems limited chairman and executive director hong kong, 27 november 2015 