the group continued to enhance its core competitiveness through product mix optimisation, capacity and equipment upgrade, innovation and technology advancement, and extending its foothold along the 
on behalf of the board (the board) of directors (the directors) of china zhongwang holdings limited (china zhongwang or the company, together with its subsidiaries, the group), i am pleased to present the annual report on the audited results for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year under review) for 
maintained steady growth
the economy in china continued its slowing pace of growth in 2016. nevertheless, industry structure optimisation and transformation remained on the path of progression. demand for eco-friendly, innovative materials rose in tandem with the upgrading in various industries. aluminium alloy, a light-weight, corrosion-resistant and recyclable material, outperformed other types of conventional materials due to its economic benefits and eco-friendly performance. it has emerged as a perfect alternative material. leveraging its extensive experience and the commitment in pursuit of excellence, china zhongwang managed to achieve sustainable growth against global market instability.
guided by the strategy of focusing primarily on china and to a lesser extent on the overseas, the group continued to enhance its core competitiveness through product mix optimisation, capacity and equipment upgrade, innovation and technology advancement, and extending its foothold along the industry chain. during the year under review, the groups revenue amounted to approximately rmb16.70 billion.
overall gross margin increased by 4.8 percentage points, year-on-year, to 37.7%.
adjusted profit for the year increased by 12.1%, year-on-year, to approximately rmb3.14 billion. adjusted earnings per share was approximately rmb0.44.
to reward our shareholders for their support, the board has proposed a final dividend of hkd0.10 per share for the year ended 31 december 2016. together with an interim dividend of hkd0.11 per share for the six months ended 30 june 2016, dividend for the year totalled hkd0.21 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend payout ratio of approximately 45.5%.
developing innovative end products for customers china accounts for over 50% of the global consumption of aluminium, with increasingly diversified downstream applications in high-end segments. the strong research and development (r&d) and technical teams of china zhongwang enable it to design and manufacture innovative advance-processed semi-finished and finished products according to customer specifications, thereby increasing the share of high value-added products in its product mix during the year under review and going a step further to realising its transition into an integrated light-weight solution provider.
while strengthening the sales of our existing high-end large-section fabricated products, we also successfully fostered multifaceted cooperation with downstream customers. the groups product and process design team is well-trusted by our customers. the team works seamlessly with customers and takes part in key processes starting from the initial stage of product development, including design, r&d, production and quality control. we will actively explore cooperation with potential customers to jointly develop end products to tap into new business opportunities and increase the groups profitability.
increased production capacity for high-end products to capture opportunities in potential markets to meet chinas rising demand for high-end aluminium products, the group is expanding and optimising its production capacity.
for the extrusion business, we are adding high-end equipment, mainly medium-to large-scale extrusion presses, to fulfill rising market demands. new equipment is expected to be delivered and installed in phases, and will commence operation starting from 2017 and into the next few years. the groups competitive edge in the production of large-section industrial aluminium extrusions will be further enhanced when these additional capacities are put into full operation.
the development of the aluminium flat rolling project is an important step in the groups roadmap to expand along the industry chain. during the year under review, the first production line started supplying products on a trial basis to external customers.
up to date, the flat rolling project has received authoritative accreditations with respect to quality control, environmental management and safety management systems, including the essential qualifications required for aerospace suppliers. the technology and r&d teams will kick-start the r&d and accreditation works for specific high-end products. meanwhile, the second production line is in the process of equipment installation. upon full operation, our flat rolling project will become the worlds largest and most advanced eco-friendly flat rolling production base. it will be a new flagship for the aluminium processing industry in china and globally.
green future for our next generation on its path of development, china zhongwang is also committed to environment conservation and sustainable development to develop a greener world for our next generation. we are delighted with the policies stipulated by local governments of different regions, setting clear goals in increasing the proportion of new energy automobiles in city buses and taxis. logistics companies are adding aluminium-intensive trucks to increase economic benefits in response to the increasingly stringent overloading restrictions. the manufacturing industry prioritises automation to enhance production efficiency in the process of upgrade and transformation. these are just some examples demonstrating the tremendous potential of aluminium alloys. china zhongwang will work closely with downstream customers to promote the application of aluminium.
sustainable development relies on innovative research. in 2016, we continued to invest 3% of our total revenue in r&d, keeping china zhongwang ahead of the industry with respect to the quality and quantity of new products. we understand that product differentiation lies in details. as such, we provide employees with a stable working environment supported by an abundance of resources to cultivate a spirit of excellence. such a culture enables the passing-on of technical knowledge and expertise that the group has accumulated over the years.

on behalf of the board, i would like to express my gratitude to all employees who stood by zhongwang in the eventful 2016. i would like to extend my appreciation to our shareholders, business partners, customers and suppliers for their long-term trust and support. china zhongwang will continue to uphold our commitment of bringing the aluminium processing industry to new heights. i look forward to witnessing the future growth of china zhongwang with all of you.

