chairman s statement in 2015, the global economy saw a weak recovery and sluggish growth, while international financial markets underwent more volatility. the chinese economy entered a new normal which is shifting gears in respect of the speed of growth, structural adjustments, and a shift of old and new driving forces. moreover, banks were in a new development landscape and were faced with many new situations. in the statement in the interim report this year, i responded to investor concerns over several key issues in these respects. as predicted at the time, despite the many difficulties and challenges, our annual operations continued to display a sound momentum characterized by improvement, progress, better quality and innovations where were the improvements? profit increased steadily and more positive factors appeared. a number of complex factors impacted our profits in 2015, including the surfacing of potential risks during economic transformation and the narrowing of interest margin during the interest rate liberalization. nevertheless, the bank managed to maintain solid operating performance and steady profit increase by strengthening and consolidating risk control, accelerating operational transformation and business innovation, diversifying income sources, reducing costs and tapping on potential to improve efficiency. in 2015, we realized a net profit of rmb277,720 million, up 0.5%, a pre-provision profit of rmb450,228 million, up 7.6%. return on weighted average equity stood at 17.10%, return on average total assets 1.30%, and earnings per share of rmb0.77, which were essentially on par with the previous year. although profit growth slowed, total profit and return on assets remained in a leading position amongst comparable banking institutions worldwide, and there were three main highlights of the bank in terms of profit structure. first, income from fee-based businesses increased faster than interest income. net interest income was rmb507,867 million, up 2.9%, while fee and commission income was rmb143,391 million, up 8.2%, accounting for 21.44% of operating income, rising by 0.57 percentage points. second, income from strategic and emerging businesses continuously increased. as a business that traditionally has an advantage, retail banking achieved rapid development based on continuous innovations in recent years and served as a profit stabilizer during periodic economic fluctuations. as a strategic area and the focus of innovative development, asset management business developed steadily with broad prospects and its contribution to operating income continued to increase. third, profits of overseas institutions and comprehensive subsidiaries grew faster than the group s average profit growth. as a result of china s further opening up and the bank s improved overseas operating network and business systems, in particular the network for cross-border rmb clearing, net profits of overseas institutions (other than the newly acquired icbc standard bank and icbc (turkey)) increased by 12.2%. comprehensive subsidiaries engaged in funds, insurance and leasing also seized the opportunity and realized a rapid profit increase of 55.4% in terms of total net profits, making greater profit contributions to the group. the changes in the profit structure demonstrated that the bank s new driving force is being formed and enhanced, and indicated a stronger development momentum and a more promising growth.
where was the stability? asset quality remained generally stable notwithstanding continuous pressure. the complex changes in the international and domestic economic and financial situation in recent years have presented new challenges and pressures to bank risk management, especially with regard to the stability of asset quality. by carefully appraising the situation and taking appropriate steps, the bank comprehensively strengthened risk management, continuously improved credit risk prevention and control, optimized big data risk monitoring systems, intensified the identification, diagnosis, and prevention of potential risks, and established professional teams to enhance npl disposal efficiency. our npl ratio stood at 1.5% at the year-end, and our credit asset quality maintained overall stability. at the same time, the bank intensified prevention and control of market and liquidity risks and effectively fended off risks caused by stock market turmoil and foreign exchange market fluctuations. we also reinforced internal control and case prevention and control, carried out special reviews in high-risk areas and key links, and implemented special governance of new risks, thus effectively mitigated adverse effects presented by external risks.
where was the progress? key steps were taken to promote operating transformation and improvements were achieved in assets and liabilities business. in the new environment of faster interest rate liberalization and financial disintermediation, the bank adjusted its asset-liability structure with new ideas, tools and mechanisms to further utilize the growing potential of traditional businesses. in financing business, the bank insisted that its own business development should adapt to and promote transformation and upgrading of the economy as well as structural adjustments with improved reallocation, relending and a combination of incremental and existing loans to achieve comprehensive arrangements for the distribution of credit resources. the bank also improved differentiated credit policies and made structural arrangements, so as to fundamentally adjust credit structure and improve credit quality. at the same time, the bank stepped up its efforts to comprehensively apply credit and non-credit financing services in a coordinated manner and to accelerate the transformation of assets business. in 2015, we granted actual new loans totaling rmb2.76 trillion, including rmb880.8 billion of new rmb loans, up 9.1% compared with last year; which is equivalent to rmb1.88 trillion of relending of recovered loans. non-credit financing including bond underwriting, asset transactions, financial leasing, syndicated distribution and entrusted loans amounted to rmb1.36 trillion, a year-on-year increase of rmb232 billion. as a result, the bank promptly and effectively met demand for corporate financing and diversified financial services, and transitioned from an asset holding bank to a 