in 2007, in light of the changes in the international fi nancial markets and the opening up of the domestic banking industry, icbc undertook various initiatives and maintained healthy and rapid development. the bank achieved commendable operating results in the fi rst full fi scal year as a publicly listed bank and made marked improvement in its corporate governance.
the robust profi tability of the bank has resulted in the rapid growth of corporate value and shareholders return. the group has achieved an after-tax profi t of rmb82,254 million and a net profi t attributable to equity holders of the bank of rmb81,520 million, representing a growth of 64.9% and 65.5%, respectively, compared to the previous year. the return on average equity and the return on average total assets were 16.23% and 1.02%, respectively, with a corresponding increase of 0.86 and 0.31 percentage point. earnings per share amounted to rmb0.24 with a growth rate of 33.3%. as at the end of 2007, the bank has the highest market capitalization among all publicly listed banks in the world, with its capitalization reaching usd338,934 million, representing a growth rate of 35%. the bank will honour its undertakings set out in the ipo prospectus, and distribute 45%60% of its distributable profi t as dividends in accordance with applicable legal procedures. the retained profi t shall be applied to supplement the existing capital base to enable shareholders to benefi t from the banks high rate of growth in profi t.
the thorough implementation of our strategy of operation transformation has made our growth in profi t even more sustainable. after its establishment, industrial and commercial bank of china limited has formulated its new development plan on the basis of the strategy of operation transformation. in 2007, the bank accelerated the progress of this strategic plan. the optimized deposit structure has enabled the bank to keep the growth of deposits at a low cost in the cycle of rising market interest rate. with an optimized credit structure, the bank has managed to increase credit revenue whilst complying with macro-economic policies and maintaining moderate credit growth.
improvement in the investment structure and comprehensive development of the fi nancial market business have brought about substantial increase in income from treasury operation. the rapid development of the intermediary business has further diversifi ed the drivers of growth in income. in 2007, net interest margin of the bank was 2.80%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.39 percentage point. the non-credit interest income accounted for 30.47% of the total income, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.69 percentage points. the net fee and commission income has grown by 110.4%, accounting for 13.43% of operating income, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.43 percentage points. these fi gures refl ected the improvement in the banks operating structure and the rapid growth of emerging businesses. at the same time, the enhanced capital base after its listing has enabled the bank to make further progress in implementing the strategies of comprehensive operation and global development. last year, we were the fi rst domestic commercial bank to set up a fi nancial leasing company. we successfully acquired 79.9333% of seng heng bank, the largest local bank in macau, and 20% of standard bank of south africa, the largest commercial bank in africa. we also entered into new markets such as russia and indonesia. the businesses of the bank under the non-banking license have extended to areas such as investment banking, funds and fi nancial leasing. with 112 overseas institutions, the bank has formed a global service network covering major international fi nancial centers and the main regions trading with china. the inter-market and global businesses have created synergies and are becoming new drivers for our growth in profit.

improvement in services has further reinforced our competitiveness. we have designated the fi rst year after our listing as the year of quality services, featuring more systematic improvement and innovations in business processes, distribution channels, it systems, management systems, service modes and product varieties. through better services, customers could experience the proactive changes to the bank after our listing. by providing a range of fi nancial products and strengthening our ability to create value for customers, we have consolidated and expanded our business advantage in the competitive global fi nancial industry. through continuous efforts, services provided by the bank are getting increasingly closer to meeting the expectations of our customers. we are getting closer to becoming the domestic fi nancial enterprise which provides the best services.
the continuous improvement in our corporate governance resulted in our refi ned modern fi nancial enterprise system.
last year, the bank further amended the articles of association and the rules of procedures for the shareholders general meeting, the board of directors and the board of supervisors in accordance with the regulatory requirements of domestic and overseas regulatory authorities and our internal development needs as a listed company, thereby improving the structure and effi ciency in the operations of the three organs above and our senior management. mr.
xu shanda was elected as an independent director, and corresponding adjustment and enhancement of the special committees under the board of directors were made. mr. xu has researched in the areas of macro-economics, fi nance, government fi nance and tax for a long period of time. not only is he the recognized expert in fi nance and tax theories, he is also the designer and promoter of the reform of the taxation system in china. mr. xu will introduce new experiences to the board of directors in enhancing the decision-making process and supervisory functions.
the refi nement of our corporate governance structure has further contributed to the systematic reform of our management system and the operating mechanism. last year, the bank achieved signifi cant progress in the reform of areas including comprehensive risk management, decentralized branch management, human resources management, centralized fi nancial management and business operational management. the operating capabilities, momentum of development and control of risk for the whole bank have been enhanced further.
corporate social responsibilities are part of our development strategy. we believe in the integration of the economic person and the social person. whilst striving to create profi t and being responsible to shareholders, we recognize and bear responsibility for the society and the environment. the bank is the pioneer among domestic banks to advocate the concept of green credit policy through the launch of corresponding policies and measures to impose strict limitation on credit offered to enterprises with high pollution and high energy consumption. the bank also gives appropriate funding support to those involved in energy saving and environmental protection, in order to promote economic and social development that is harmonious with the natural environment. the bank insists on running operations in compliance with laws and regulations and with integrity, and actively fulfi lls its obligations for anti- money laundering to maintain fi nancial safety and stability. the banks concerns for peoples welfare and public interests have won respect and trust from society. from this year onwards, the bank will publish social responsibility reports periodically to present the different aspects of social responsibilities performed by the bank in relation to shareholders, staff, customers, peoples welfare and environmental protection.
the commendable operating performance of the bank in its fi rst year after listing has been widely acclaimed by fi nancial media worldwide. the banker, global finance, the asset and finance asia have awarded the bank as the bank of the year 2007 (china), the best consumer internet bank (china), the best domestic custodian (china) and the best cash management bank. the economic observer has rated the bank as the most reputable enterprise in china. international rating agencies have repeatedly upgraded the rating for the bank. in particular, moodys and standard & poors have upgraded our long-term credit rating to a1 and a-, respectively.
all the results and progress which the bank has achieved over its fi rst year after listing are attributed to the supervision and assistance from the regulatory authorities, the trust and support from investors, customers and members of the general public, and inevitably the diligence and contribution from our staff. i would like to express my heart-felt thanks on behalf of the board of directors of industrial and commercial bank of china.
in 2008, the bank will complete its fi rst 3-year development plan after restructuring, and will formulate the strategic plan for the next period. the main themes for the new year and the new phase are to enhance competitiveness, upgrade corporate governance and expedite the establishment of a fi rst-class international modern fi nancial enterprise in every aspect. the bank will continue to refi ne its corporate governance structure, reinforce risk management and internal control and expedite the formation of a system that is well governed, energetic, effi cient and favorable to scientifi c development. the bank will continue to promote the transformation of development methods, explore new drivers for profi t growth, adjust the business and income structure in every aspect, and extend the cycle of high profi t growth by transforming its operations. we will continue to pursue the direction of acquisition as well as application for new organizations, and optimize our comprehensive and global development framework to establish an inter-market and global operating network featuring coherence, appropriate positioning, diversifi ed channels and highly effi cient operations.
this is a new year with new expectations. although the current crisis of sub-prime mortgage on the international fi nancial market is still continuing and the changes in the domestic economic situation have brought about new challenges, industrial and commercial bank of china, having undergone reform and transformation, has strengthened signifi cantly. moreover, the bank will continue to better equip itself to overcome various diffi culties at ease in order to obtain better results for those who supported us with their trust.
chairman: jiang jianqing
25 march 2008 