on behalf of the board of directors of fu shou yuan international group limited, i hereby present the 2016 full-year results of the group.
in 2016, chinas economy was stable and positive. the gross domestic product (gdp) increased by 6.7% year-onyear, making a good start of the 13th five-year plan. during 2016, the group recorded good results by continuing to deepen its core business and expand its business coverage. the groups revenue amounted to rmb1,267.7 million, representing an increase of 14.4% compared to the same period in 2015. net prot was rmb448.5 million, representing an increase of 22.8% compared with 2015, of which prot and total comprehensive income attributable to shareholders was rmb339.0 million, representing of an increase 19.2% compared to the same period last year.
the board proposes a nal dividend of hk2.60 cents per share for 2016 to the shareholders to reward all investors for their support. together with the interim dividend of hk2.57 cents per share distributed during the year, the total dividend for the full year of 2016 is hk5.17 cents per share, which is in line with the groups committed dividend policy to reward all investors for their support.
in 2016, the group consolidated its development in core business and expanded its business area, laying a good foundation for the long-term development. currently, cemeteries and funeral facilities controlled by the group cover 16 cities across china. changzhou qifengshan cemetery was acquired at the end of 2015 and delivered the expected revenue and the two cemeteries in anyang city and huaibei city started to generate revenue in 2016.
moreover, the group also signed an agreement during the year to acquire luoyang xianhe cemetery to broaden the coverage in henan, which further combined the traditional with modern death care industry culture. during the year, the group consistently deepened its cooperation with local governments by ppp (public-private partnership) model, making further extension and improvement on the cooperation scope and model. in january and february 2016, the group developed partnership with the local governments of taian city in shandong province, and bishan district in chongqing municipality under the bot (build-operate-transfer) model. in addition, the group entered into an agreement with xuancheng city of anhui province in september 2016. we believe that merger & acquisition and our extensive involvement with local governments in burial and funeral projects by ppp model will be the drivers for our long term stable growth with the marketization trend in death care services industry.
during the year, the group extended its business coverage and upgraded its industrial chain. in response to guidelines on the promotion of land-saving ecological burial issued by the nine ministries including the ministry of civil affairs, the group not only enhanced the promotion and sales of the environmental funeral but also accelerated the research and development of the environmental facilities. our self-developed environmental-friendly cremation machine successfully passed an authoritative environmental assessment and the accreditation of national expert level in june and december 2016 respectively, which was exported to mongolia and russia. the cremator business was recognized by the international market from the very beginning. meanwhile, the group achieved a strategic breakthrough in the pre-need contract market by establishing pre-need business department and launching trial sale of pre-need contract for funeral services. the good beginning constituted a solid foundation for further development of the new business.
2016 was the 60th year of chinas reform in death care industry. fu shou yuan is the participant and leader, also one of the beneciaries of this reform. fu shou yuan not only becomes an indicator of growth in industrial and investment eld, but brings humanity, environmental protection, charity and care into their daily work based on the awareness of taking responsibilities for the enterprise, society, industry and history in order to promote the longrun development of the company and the industry. during the year, fu shou yuan life service college operated well and effectively. cultural inheritance and talent reserve are the effective way for the companys sustainable development and also the core code of fu shou yuan. besides, the group constantly deepened international communication and cooperation by establishing brother cemetery with parque de las memorias of bolivia. all of these led us to be recognized by various sectors of the community. during the year, the group was awarded the excellent design prize of the sixth idea-king award, gold award in excellent shanghai public relations cases and 2016 outstanding brand image of china finance summit. 2016 was the third year the group entered into the hong kong capital market and fu shou yuan is also officially included into list of eligible stocks to be traded under shenzhen-hong kong stock connect program. also the group was granted ifapc outstanding listed companies award 2016, which fully reects investors recognition for fu shou yuan since its listing.
looking forward, the group will further focus on the development of our core business, explore innovation and new extension business and will parallelly impel our internal and external developments to provide diversified quality services to customers. the group will also deeply carry out the principle of innovation, harmony, green, openness, sharing proposed by the central government to ensure it will continuously take development quality and efficiency as the center, to ensure the shareholders benets and maximize the values.
by the order of the board fu shou yuan international group limited

