on behalf of the board of directors (directors) of the company (board), i am pleased to present the annual results of the company for the fi nancial year ended 31 december 2016.
2016 was an important and exciting year for the company as we made meaningful progress across all aspects of our business. the company has developed to become the leading biological company in china with a strong commercial position, innovative r&d capability and a comprehensive manufacturing platform.
in october 2016, 3sbio entered into an exclusive license agreement with astrazeneca to commercialize byetta, a glp1 agonist which is already approved, and bydureon, a long-active version which is pending china food and drug administrations (cfda) manufacturing approval with the application submitted in may 2016 in china. byettas sales team of approximately 150 personnel have already been integrated into the groups commercialization platform and will form the core of its new metabolic disease business unit. this marks the beginning of 3sbios commercial partnership with a multinational company to grow an innovative product, which entrenches the leading market position of our commercial platform. we will continue to look for opportunities to add new products to satisfy treatment needs in china.
in february 2017, three of the groups products, yisaipu, tpiao and qiming keli (), are included in the national drug list for basic medical reimbursement, work-related injury reimbursement and maternity reimbursement (2017 version) (the 2017 national reimbursement drug list). this is a very positive development which will further increase our penetration into more hospitals and increase patient access to 3sbios products.
overall, 3sbio is well aligned with key government development strategies. the fi rst is innovation driven, the second is biologics and the third is chronic disease management. our product portfolio and research pipeline fi t these three major trends. the governments policy reforms emphasize clinically-needed medicines, high quality manufacturing, and proven effi cacy and safety.
3sbio is positioned to thrive in todays competitive environment and contribute to improved healthcare both in china and internationally. for example, in terms of quality, 3sbios epiao follows the european union standard. our production platform has one of the longest track records in china 18 years with recombinant proteins and over 10 years with monoclonal antibodies. we have a national sales team of approximately 2,000 people focused on academic promotion. our r&d team is strong and focused on innovation.
on the international front, we are continuing with preparing the supplementary data after fi ling investigation new drug (ind) applications for tpiao in the united states. the shenyang facility passed the brazil good manufacturing practice (gmp) inspection, further supporting our growing business in south america. the international biosimilar clinical trials for epiao in thailand and russia are progressing well with patients recruitment for the maintenance period to be completed by december 2017 and the trials expected to be completed by the end of 2018. we are also reviewing options to expand sss07, our phase i anti-tnf for which we have global rights, to international markets.
finally, on behalf of 3sbio, i give my sincerest thanks to our shareholders for your signifi cant contributions to the company.
mr. lou jing
chairman & chief executive offi cer 17 march 2017 