on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of kaisa group holdings ltd. (kaisa or the company, together with its subsidiaries, the group), i hereby present to you the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year) together with the comparative figures for the previous year.
once again, on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express our sincerest and utmost appreciation to all the shareholders of the company, investors, business partners and other stakeholders for their patience and continued support to the company despite the suspension of trading in the shares of the company (the shares) on the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange) since 31 march 2015. for the resumption progress, please refer to the section headed resumption progress in the report of the directors.
results and dividend
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the groups turnover and gross profit grew significantly by approximately 62.6% and 573.3% to approximately rmb17,771.5 million and rmb2,312.0 million, respectively, as compared to 2015. loss for the year attributable to equity holders of the company and basic loss per share were approximately rmb612.4 million and rmb11.9 cents, respectively, as compared with rmb1,121.6 million and rmb21.8 cents 
the board does not recommend payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2016 (2015: nil).

in 2016, the real estate market in china experienced a progressively tightening trend with most of the cities putting inventory clearance and provision of support to owner-occupier housing demand on their top priorities during the first three quarters, with only a few hot-spot cities preserved their tightening policies. however, following the introduction of extensive adjustments in 22 cities since 30 september 2016, austerity measures, such as purchase and loan restrictions, spread among hot-spot cities, calling increases in transaction volume and prices to a halt in the fourth quarter of 2016.
according to the data from the national bureau of statistics, commodity properties saw gfa sold reached 1.573 billion sq.m. in 2016, representing a year-on-year growth of 22.5% and transaction value aggregated rmb11.76 trillion, representing a year-on-year growth of 34.8%. while both the gfa sold and aggregated transaction value hit new records, commercial banks started tightening their residential mortgage lending since the fourth quarter 
in view of this, the group actively facilitated negotiation of its onshore debts and restructuring of its offshore debts to lift of blockages and re-launching of projects for sale in major cities to unleash sales momentum on one hand, while adjusted its pace of sales and launching schedule of new projects phases based on the respective market conditions in different cities on the other. reaping benefits from its success in implementation of development strategies in the first tier cities and key second tier cities, the group achieved contracted sales of approximately rmb29.8 billion for the year ended 31 december 2016, hitting a record high. in particular, sales from pearl river delta contributed to nearly 50% of the total contracted sales. according to the 2016 top 200 real estate enterprise property developers jointly compiled by china real estate information corporation and china real estate appraisal center, kaisa ranked 46th in terms of contracted sales amount.
with respect to land acquisitions, during the year, the group acquired land parcels in shenzhen, wuhan, chongqing and huizhou through public tender, merger and acquisition, cooperative development to deliberately replenish its land bank. leveraging its strengths in urban re-development accumulated over the years, the group facilitated supply of land through re-development projects including shenzhen pinghu old town project, shenzhen argent project, shenzhen yantian project and zhuhai wanzhai project. these will in turn provide high quality land bank to support the groups sustainable development at low costs. as at 31 december 2016, approximately 80% of the groups 21 million sq.m. land bank was located in the first tier cities and key second tier cities, laying a solid foundation for the groups future development.
while principally engaged in real estate development, the group has also been selectively participating in other operations such as culture and sports. the group believes that these operations will provide kaisas existing and potential customers a wide range of ancillary services and premium experiences, and would lift their recognition and loyalty towards kaisas brand. in the long run, such operating strategy will strengthen the groups competitiveness in acquiring land resources and help the group upscale the industrial ecosystem and lengthen the industrial chain, which in turn will create new profit growth drivers for the group amid intensive competition, enabling the group to achieve sustainable development.
financial management and financing
in response to potential risks brought about by the slowdown of macro-economy, during the year, the group adhered to the cash is king principle and accelerated collection of sales proceeds in order to increase cash in hand, and strived to explore various financing channels with a view to lowering its finance costs and improving its debt structure.
in recognition of the groups business model and development strengths by the capital market, the group successfully entered into strategic cooperation agreements with well-known financial institutions including china citic bank and ping an bank, which have provided solid capital support for the group to restore its rapid development.

the group endeavours to maintaining effective communications with its shareholders and investors through regulatory filings, announcements and meetings, in order to keep them updated with the companys recent developments. the group values inputs from investors and reviews its operational and financial management from time to time.

looking forward in 2017, chinas economic growth is expected to stabilise further as compared to 2016. the increases in the overall transaction volume and prices in the real estate market are expected to slow down, while the relaxed credit policy and environment will also be tightened. despite these, the central government will focus on supply-side structural reforms to stimulate demands modestly and the general direction to pursue reforms will stay intact. these will lay a solid foundation for the healthy and long-term development of the domestic real estate market.
the group will continue to penetrate first tier cities and key second tier cities. through a prudent layout of land reserves across the country, as well as reasonable allocation of sales resources based on the prevailing market conditions, the group aims to accelerate project turnover cycles and maximise profitability. in terms of financial management and control, the group will strengthen its cash flow management, increase efficiency of usage of funds, actively widen its financing channels, lower its finance costs and optimise its debt structure.

the board will continue to mitigate the negative impact and implement measures to manage any operational and reputational risks of the group, and realise and enhance core strengths of the group for its sustainable development.
i would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincerest gratitude to all of our shareholders for their enormous support on us. our staff members have been serving the group with their most dedicated efforts that, when coupled with support from our business partners and creditors, have fueled our courage and resilience to work with the relevant authorities and parties to resolve the whole situation surrounding us. on behalf of the board, i would like to express my wholehearted tribute to all shareholders of the company, investors, business partners and customers.
kwok ying shing

hong kong, 25 march 2017 