on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of china south city holdings limited (china south city or the company), together with its subsidiaries (the group) , i am pleased to report the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 
results and dividend
the group achieved remarkable financial performance in fy2011.
total revenue rose by 42.3% year-on-year from approximately hk$1,570.2 million to approximately hk$2,234.0 million. profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 16.8% year- on-year from approximately hk$1,329.6 million to approximately hk$1,552.5 million. basic earnings per share were hk25.95 cents (fiscal year 2010 (fy2010): hk25.32 cents).
the board proposed a final dividend of hk2.5 cents per share for the year ended 31 march 2011 (fy2010: hk2.0 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the company.

during the year under review, chinas economy as a whole continued to maintain its strong growth momentum. with this robust economic growth and the effective implementation of government policies and measures aimed at stimulating domestic demand, the consumer markets and business environment 
throughout the country were invigorated, creating a favorable market condition for the groups integrated logistics and trade center business. in addition, the tightening property control measures launched by the government have also created an environment beneficial to the sales of trade center units.
for fiscal year 2011, csc shenzhen continued to have outstanding performance, enjoying both high occupancy rates and strong trade center units sales. during the year under review, the group entered into sales contracts and letters of intent for trade center units for a total gross floor area (gfa) of approximately 94,000 sq.m., of which approximately 85,600 sq.m. (fy2010: approximately 98,000 sq.m.) were contracted for and included in the income statement for the year under review. there was also solid growth in the selling prices of trade center units, with the average selling price reaching hk$16,750 per sq.m., equivalent to an increase of 11.7% compared to that of last year (fy2010: approximately hk$15,000 per sq.m.). in light of revenue contribution from csc heyuan, and the limited saleable trade center units in csc shenzhen, the group reduced the sales quantity of trade center units during the year under review so as to keep the properties for future price appreciation.
the occupancy rates of trade center units also increased during the year under review. the total occupancy rate of the phase i trade centers and shops increased from 82% to 86%, while that of the phase ii trade centers and shops which have been 
launched rose from 25% to 36%. meanwhile, the average effective monthly rental rates recorded an increase of 15.7% to hk$32 per sq.m. for the phase i trade center units and shops during the year under review. the phase ii trade center units and shops were leased at approximately hk$34 per sq.m..
csc shenzhens new office tower attained a very high occupancy rate of approximately 96% shortly after its completion in the fiscal year under review. in response to the strong demand for quality office spaces at csc shenzhen, the group is building another office tower with gfa of 52,000 sq.m., the construction of which is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2012. to complement the development of csc shenzhen, the group plans to start building csc shenzhens phase iii trade centers with gfa of approximately 785,000 sq.m. in the coming 
building on the comprehensive planning and strong project management capability as well as the wealth of experience gained from successfully developing csc shenzhen, the groups new projects in heyuan, nanning, nanchang and xian all made concrete progress during the year under review and are largely on track to support the groups sustained business growth momentum in the coming years.
the construction plan of phase i and part of phase ii to build approximately 223,000 sq.m. villas at csc heyuan is progressing well, and a gfa of around 80,000 sq.m. had already been completed during the year under review. the villa apartments were launched for sale in mid january 2011. the sale was met with a very positive response, achieving contracted sales of approximately 50,200 sq.m. at a selling price of approximately hk$9,990 per sq.m..
in csc nanning and csc nanchang, the phase i of the construction plan for trade center units and residential properties cover a total gfa of approximately 1.31 million sq.m. and 1.07 million sq.m., respectively, a substantial part of which is scheduled to be completed for sale or lease in the coming fiscal year. the exhibition center at csc nanning was completed in october 2010 in time to host the 2010 china-asean light industrial products fair (the fair) later that month. the fair attracted more than 365 exhibitors and over 335,000 visitor counts, by which we believe it will help promote csc nanning.

in csc xian, where the group has ambitious plans to develop a total site area of approximately 10 million sq.m., planning and preparation work were implemented during the year under review to help speed up the pace of development, in anticipation of a strong demand for trade center units as a result of the redevelopment of the old town in xian. the group obtained approximately 279,000 sq.m. of land in may 2011 and expects to secure more land for this project in the coming fiscal year.
construction of the project has been commenced aimed at selling the trade center units in the coming fiscal year.
in january 2011, the company issued senior notes due in january 2016 with a nominal value of us$250 million (equivalent to approximately hk$1,950 million) at a coupon rate of 13.5% per annum for the purpose of financing existing and new projects and for general corporate use. the successful issuance of the senior notes not only broadened the financing channel of the group but also proved the business model of the group has been well recognized by the capital market. having the senior notes issued, the group has its cash and liquidity positions been strengthened and debt profile improved with longer debt 
looking ahead to the coming fiscal year, the group is optimistic about chinas economic growth as the country embarks on the first year of its twelfth five-year plan. continued government investment and consumer spending are expected to support the strong industrial growth, resulting in consistent and solid demand for large-scale logistics and trade center facilities. as the integrated logistics industry is an industry supported by the twelfth five-year plan, there should be more opportunities for the group to expand its business.
with the current construction underway in csc shenzhen, csc heyuan, csc nanning, csc nanchang and csc xian, the group is expecting to complete not less than 2.0 million sq.m.
of properties in the coming fiscal year. among these completed properties, the group intends to sell part of the properties to attain a sale revenue of approximately hk$7 billion to hk$9 billion in the coming fiscal year and hold the remainder for lease and future sale. these will provide a strong foundation for the 
group to grow its revenue and profit in the coming fiscal years.
more importantly, the contributions from these new projects will serve as a testament to the success of our business model nationwide. when these new projects start making contributions to the group, china south city will consider further replicating its business model in other strategic regions in china to help promote the groups sustainable growth and create greater value for its shareholders.
to substantiate the further replication plan, and in light of upcoming revenue contribution from the new projects of the group in the coming fiscal year, the group signed a framework agreement to develop a large-scale integrated logistics and trade centers with land area of approximately 10 square kilometers in harbin in june 2011. the group intends to develop the project through a joint venture which the company expects to own 51% interest. it is preliminary anticipated that the total capital commitment by the joint venture to the project would be approximately rmb2 billion (equivalent to approximately hk$2.4 billion). no commitment as to the project or the joint venture has been made by the group. details of the project and the joint venture are subject to further negotiations.
lastly, on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders, noteholders, clients and business partners for their trust and unwavering support. i would also like to thank the management and staff for their professionalism and dedication.
cheng chung hing
co-chairman & executive director hong kong, 28 june 2011 