on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of china south city holdings limited (the company), together with its subsidiaries (china south city or the group), i am pleased to report the audited consolidated annual results of the group for the fiscal year ended 31 march 2017 (fy201617 or the year).
results and dividend
the year was again challenging in the face of constant changes in the operating environments, but china south city responded in an impeccable manner with considerable success. during the year, the central government has continued its structural reforms that are steering the economy positively towards a solid foundation for ensuring longterm growth and sustainability. chinas economy remained relatively stable despite facing continued downward pressure and global market uncertainties. chinas gross domestic product (gdp) grew at 6.9% in the first quarter of 2017, slightly faster than the governments target of 6.5% in 2017, and china manufacturing purchasing managers index (pmi) has maintained at 51.2 in may 2017.
despite the fluctuations in the overall economic environment, the company continue to capitalize on its flexible business model to make steady progress, achieving growth in both contracted sales and revenue.
as a number of projects gradually opening and scaling up, the group has adjusted its product mix and accelerated the development of residential projects as well as ancillary facilities and services in order to cope with the shifting demand of the market. for the year, the group achieved a contracted sales growth of 30.3% to hk$8,635.7 million (fy201516: hk$6,628.1 million), while revenue increased by 27.7% from hk$6,136.3 million to hk$7,838.5 million, out of which recurring income grew by 12.5% to hk$1,598.0 million (fy201516: hk$1,420.6 million).
net profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 22.2% to hk$4,322.6 million (fy201516: hk$3,537.0 million) while core net profit attributable to owners of the parent (being net profit attributable to owners of the parent excluding fair value gains on investment properties and related tax effects and loss on redemption of senior notes) increased by 12.1% to hk$1,351.2 million (fy201516: hk$1,205.8 million). basic earnings per share increased to hk53.99 cents (fy201516: hk44.22 
the board proposed a final dividend of hk5 cents per share for fy201617 (fy201516: hk5 cents per share), subject to shareholders approval at the companys forthcoming annual general meeting (agm) to be held on 21 august 2017.review of the market and operations solid performance driven by flexible business model china south city has a diversified and flexible business model with a portfolio of projects occupying a strategic footprint in major provincial capitals and municipality in china. tenants are spread over multiple industries and the group is able to tactically adjust its sales mix according to the stage of development of the project and market demand in different localities. this allows the group to smooth-out income streams and mitigates the impacts of cyclical fluctuations in order to ensure longterm business sustainability. the successful replication of the groups projects across geographies continues to demonstrate the merits of this 
during the year, as business activities grew along with the gradual scaling up and improvement in infrastructure development of the groups existing projects, the group saw a strong increase in housing demand and thus strategically stepped up its sales of residential properties. in order to take advantage of this opportunity to augment the sales of our trade centers, the group has selectively increased its residential land bank in some of our existing projects. the group recorded a 194.4% increase in residential properties sales in fy201617, accounting for 79.0% of total contracted sales (35.0% of total contracted sales in fy201516).
growing recurring income fosters greater stability in order to build multiple sustainable earning drivers, the group continued to implement its strategy of ramping up its recurring businesses including rental, property management, e-commerce, logistics and warehousing services and outlet operations.
revenue generated from rental, property management, e-commerce, logistics and warehousing services and outlet operations for the year 
million and hk$200.8 million respectively (fy201516: hk$681.3 million, hk$247.7 million, hk$202.2 million, hk$143.4 million and hk$136.9 million respectively), with a growth of 12.5% of its recurring income when compared to last financial year.
in view of the outlet operations, the group launched a new outlet chain named atlantis which sells off-season affordable international luxuries and accessories items. during the year, a total of three atlantis shops were rolled out in shenzhen, nanchang and harbin. as at 31 march 2017, the group has seven existing outlet malls, together with three atlantis shops, occupying a total operating gross floor area (gfa) of approximately 321,000 sq. m.. riding on the success to date, more new outlet malls and atlantis shops are expected to roll out in the coming year in selective locations.
internet plus remains a core strategy of china south citys fourthgeneration integrated logistics and trading platform. as part of our online-offline initiative, the group uses e-commerce not only to improve the business of the tenants of its projects, but also to induce online b2b businesses to open physical stores in the groups projects. to strengthen the development of the groups e-commerce services, a strategic cooperation agreement was signed during the year with jd group, an associate of tencent holdings limited (tencent). the cooperation aimed to foster a long-term and comprehensive partnership on b2b e-commerce, logistics and warehousing services as well as supply chain financing by leveraging the strengths of the two companies.
china south citys logistics and warehousing services continued to contribute a stable revenue during the year. the rapid development of e-commerce has changed delivery patterns which makes warehouse location critical, as transportation costs increase markedly when delivery distances increase. the groups well located facilities in china are well positioned to benefit from this trend. the group has started to ramp up and upgrade its logistics and warehousing facilities and services in selective locations and plans to expand its logistics and warehousing services through initiatives such as providing customized warehouses to leading third party logistics and e-commerce companies.
striking a balance between business development and financial health besides traditional banking facilities, the group consistently pursues a financial strategy by diversifying its funding channels with various onshore and offshore capital and inter-bank market instruments in order to optimize its capital structure and debt maturity profile. in addition, the group proactively adjusts its business development strategies, the pace of land acquisition and other capital expenditure in concurrence with its cash flow from operating and financing activities, in order to preserve liquidity as well as to keep its growth momentum, in return for maximizing shareholder value in the long run by building a strong and stable capital base to sustain its future business development.
during the year, the group has improved its gearing ratios and maintained a strong liquidity position which was supported by its satisfactory contracted sales performance as well as its growing recurring businesses. selling and distribution expenses and administrative expenses have reduced to 22.6% of revenue in fy201617 from 33.3% of revenue in fy201516 through various costs and expenses control and staff rationalization measures. the group also reduced its average financing cost from 6.3% to 6.2% and maintained a relatively high cash balance during the year in order to mitigate the effect of potential tightening measures in china. as at 31 march 2017, the groups cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash amounted to hk$10,490.9 million (as at 31 march 2016: hk$11,686.7 million).
strengthening of the senior management team the sustainable development of china south city is based on the solid foundation of a visionary board and an effective management team.
as the business becomes more diversified and complex, the group has been carefully rationalizing its staff structure as well as bringing in new members with relevant experience and successful track record, in order to strengthen its operational capabilities and efficiency.
the group has promoted mr. fung sing hong stephen as the vice chairman of the group and executive director, and has appointed mr.
song chuan as the executive director and chief executive officer of the group, as well as ms. cheng ka man carman as an executive director in may 2017. the group has also appointed new management members for its various businesses. under the leadership of the groups chairman, vice chairman and chief executive officer, the management team with outstanding operational skills and expertise will be able to deliver the groups development strategies more effectively and create value for 
looking ahead, the group is still facing uncertainties in the short term due to the changing dynamics of the global economic and political environments as well as industrial transition in china. while adopting a prudent approach in the short term, the group, taking into account of chinas improving economic fundamentals and favorable central government initiatives, retains its cautiously optimistic outlook in the medium to long term.
among the government strategies articulated by the central government in its 13th five-year plan, including urbanization, internet plus and belt and road, china south city discerns particular benefits accruing from these visionary initiatives, which provides additional impetus for the development of the groups fourth-generation integrated logistics and trade centers. the group will also continue to collaborate with local governments to accelerate the transformation of shantytown including the upgrade and relocation of wholesale markets, in order to capitalize on the groups strategic locations in eight provincial capitals and municipality 
china south city has a rich and diverse business model, with trade center being the backbone of the groups business, supported by assetheavy ancillary facilities including logistics and warehousing facilities, as well as residential and commercial properties. going forward, the group will continue to leverage on the scale of its asset-heavy businesses to enhance its asset-light businesses such as outlets, e-commerce and property management. along with the development of the projects and in accordance with local circumstances and market needs, the group is going to enrich its business portfolio by providing financial services as well as facilities and services in relation to cultural tourism. the group strives to create a complete business and living ecosystem for the tenants of its 
in the coming year, the group will continue to strike a balance between sustainable business development and efficient financial management.
the management expects the group to achieve an annual sales target of hk$10 billion to hk$12 billion for the fiscal year ended 31 march 2018 (fy201718). in relations to recurring business, the group will strive to keep its growth momentum and develop a more diverse and stable 
finally, on behalf of the board, i wish to express my deepest gratitude to the groups valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and continued support for the group. i would also like to thank the management and staff for their dedication and wholehearted commitment, which have helped to make china south city grow from 
cheng chung hing
co-chairman & executive director hong kong, 30 june 2017 