i am pleased to present the annual results of the group for the 12 months ended 31 december 2016.
the group recorded total revenue of approximately rmb8,865 million, representing an increase of 6.3% from the same period of 2015. profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately rmb3,465 
1 new phase of development with strategic adaptation
the group has established a solid foundation with its experience over the past years through strategic positioning and accurate insights on market demands. the group reported stable growth in sales during the year, as it continued to explore the trends of property markets in tier-one and tier-two cities and launched brand new projects as well as new phases of existing projects in popular cities to meet the changing demands.
the net inflow of population is an indicator of a citys growth potential. in the foreseeable future, chinas purchasing power will continue to be dominated by people from tier-one and higher tier-two cities, especially the younger generation.
the group continued to gain momentum in existing cities during the reporting period where it had already entered, while seizing opportunity to acquire premium sites for land bank 
after more than 20 years of development, the group has established its presence in cities like beijing, shanghai, guangzhou, tianjin, suzhou,
hangzhou, nanjing, foshan, nanning, hainan and
chengdu, while expanding its footprint to hefei at the end of the year, with 67 projects in total.
our meticulous attention to details and pursuance of exquisite quality allow customers to have higher expectation.
while optimizing the value of land, we endeavor to provide customers with an 
2 building a solid foundation by gaining market share in

during the year, the inventory level was reducing rapidly in tier-one and higher tier-two cities thanks to the favorable policy direction from the central government. imbalances in demand and supply were noted in tier-one cities, as developers strong replenishment demand coincided with limited land.
consequently, the pent-up demand was partially shifted to higher tier-two cities nearby tier one cities, driving up land prices in these areas.
during the year, the group acquired 12 new sites in the auction market or through merger and acquisition, adding land bank with an attributable gross floor area (gfa) of approximately 2.37 million sq.m. land sites acquired during the year were mainly replenishments in cities where we had already established presence, such as guangzhou, shanghai, hangzhou and foshan, as our expansion footprint reached out from guangzhou to south china, east china, north china and southwest.
at the end of the year, the group acquired land pieces in hefei, a city with potential for great sales volume and sound profit expectation.
at the end of the year, the group had a land bank with an attributable gfa of more than 11.3 
3 improvement in overall financing costs through domestic bond issuances
during the year, the group capitalised on the opening of domestic bond market and issued three tranches of domestic corporate bonds with a total amount of rmb11.3 billion. moreover, guangzhou tianjian real estate development
limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the group, also completed the issuance of rmb2,200 million public bonds and rmb6,500 million non-public bonds. in aggregate, the group has successfully issued domestic corporate bonds of rmb20 billion in total. these exercises have further broadened our financing channels and optimised our debt profile, and significantly decreased our overall finance costs to 6%.
meanwhile, in view of the possibility of potential rmb depreciation, the group has sought to mitigate its risks of exchange losses by positioning certain hedge trades.
during the year, the group was given an aaa rating by china chengxin securities rating co., ltd., a domestic rating agency, as well as bb- issuer and debt ratings with stable outlook by fitch ratings, the international rating agency.
4 steady progresses with 
in recent years, the group has been stepping up to deploy commercial properties by building and upgrading of its operation team, driving gradual progress in commercial development. as most of the groups commercial projects have been developed as part of mixed-use complexes, the lived-in residential community will generate sufficient foot traffic to shopping malls. the opening of u fun, the shopping centre in xinjiangwan, shanghai during the first half of the year was followed by the commencement of tian hui plaza at the heart of pearl river new town, guangzhou in the second half of the year.
the group expects to unveil a variety of different types of malls in the next few years to bring new shopping experiences to customers.the office projects of the group are typically well-situated at prime urban locations. in addition to selective en-bloc or strata title sale, the group had also retained the ownerships of certain offices for lease during the year. examples would be the international commerce place in pazhou, guangzhou and the global metropolitan plaza in guangzhou. the maturation of commercial projects is expected to contribute stable recurring income to the group on a long-term basis.
5 enhancing internal operations 
the group has started to manage its own property sales through in-house sales team since mid-2015. execution has been significantly improved with the re-allocation of staff under the centralised management of our regional companies and the formulation of stringent appraisals and incentives system. the engagement of in-house sales teams facilitates efficient communications between customers and the group for latest information as well as direct customer feedback.
at the end of the year, the group introduced its future+ strategy, which enhances customer service through analysis of big data generated from commercialresidential products, providing further value-adding services and pleasant experiences to customers and potential buyers through after-sales services, in addition to the 
in the meantime, the group remains well aware that the trust and support from customers is always earned by excellence in design, product quality and the creation of a comfortable living environment. product design will be one of the core factors determining success in competition.
our hard-earned experiences as well as advice from industry experts both suggest that design and layout of the product is of crucial importance.
our design team will continue to focus on r&d to strive for the best possible product to tailor for 
at the central economic work conference held on 14 december 2016, it was reiterated that regulation over the property market in 2017 would be focused on destocking and de-bubbling, as well as expedited efforts to study the development of a long-term mechanism with regards to the property market. two weeks later, the ministry of housing and urban-rural development issued the bulletin on the inspection of rectifications by the cpc party organisation for housing and urbanrural development, calling for tight control of property prices in popular cities and destocking of housing inventories in tier-three, tier-four and county cities. with the policy tone confirmed, the group expects a period of correction for the property market in 2017.
the group remains convicted that, despite the stringent regulatory control announced for major cities, the development of the property market will continue to be driven by the gentrification and urbanisation over the longer term, as population flow will still be drawn to tier-one cities or higher tier-two cities around tier-one cities. in 2017, the group plans to launch a number of brand new projects in hangzhou, guangzhou, nanning, foshan, shanghai and tianjin, offering mainly residential units for end-users and home upgraders. in addition, more complementary products with good marketability, such as serviced apartments, offices and commercial properties, will also be offered to market to sustain sales growth and gain market share on all fronts.
the group currently owns a land bank sufficient for its development in the next 45 years. in 2017, we will adopt a prudent approach and focus on opportunistic land acquisition sources other than public auctions.

on behalf of the group and the board of directors (the board), i would like to express uttermost gratitude to all shareholders, investors, partners and customers who have stood by the group through thick and thin over the past 22 years, offering strong support and understanding without which the group could not have gone this far.
thanks are also owed to my fellow directors, management and all employees, who have underpinned the groups path of success with their hard work and dedication. in gratitude, the group will remain committed to the development of its core business and strive to herald a better future for all shareholders.

21 march 2017 