statement from chairman
2009 has been a year of ups and downs in the world economy. the chinese economy was one of the first to break the downward trend of global economic slowdown and achieved an overall recovery of the economy with the help of a set of government stimulus packages. the target of maintaining a gdp growth per year of over 8% was successfully achieved. confidence has been restored and improving among the citizens. the once hardest-hit hong kong economy also shown notable signs of recovery in the second half of faced the challenge of various uncertainties in the business environment, the management team of the group reacted on a timely and proactive manner to adjust our business strategy to be more cautious in growing and more focused on managerial effectiveness and operational efficiency. with the hard work of all our employees, the footwear business of the group maintained healthy growth, both in sales volume and also in profitability; the proactive adjustment to the sportswear business was also completed as planned, resulting in an improved business mix and higher profitability.
for the year ended 31 december 2009, the group recorded a growth of 10.7% in sales and 26.0% in profit attributable to equity holders as compared with last year. there were 681 net additions to company-managed footwear retail outlets and 267 net reductions to company-managed sportswear retail outlets during the year. as at 31 december 2009, the total number of retail outlets managed by the group reached 9,798, of which 9,612 outlets were located in mainland china and 186 were located in hong kong and macau.
coming into 2010 the chinese economy is expected to tackle the more difficult issues of policy exit and structural changes on the back of a gradual recovery. while there are plenty of opportunities, we also face significant challenges going forward. notwithstanding changes in the external environment, we are determined to uphold our prudent and practical approach, and continue to nurture human resources and accumulate managerial experience. with greater flexibility and effective execution, we are confident to continue to be a leader in this highly competitive market.

