in 2007, the economy of china continued to maintain stable and rapid growth, exhibiting a favourable development momentum coupled with accelerated growth, optimized structure and enhanced efficiency.
coal demand remained strong while domestic and international coal prices hovered at high levels.
china coal energy company limited (the company or china coal energy ) seized the opportunity to actively pursue rapid development in the three core businesses of coal production, coal chemical and coal mining equipment operations. through monitoring cost by implementing refined management measures, significant growth in operating results and sustainable and healthy development of the company were accomplished. new achievements were made in promoting harmonious corporate, social and environmental developments. on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present the 2007 annual report of china coal energy to all shareholders.

1. summary review of 2007 (1) significant surge in operating results steady growth of operating revenue. for the year ended 31 december 2007, the operating revenue of the company was rmb36.428 billion, representing an increase of rmb6.201 billion or 20.5% over the previous year. revenue from coal production and trading operations amounted to rmb26.451 billion, accounting for 72.6% of the total revenue, of which revenue from self- produced commercial coal amounted to rmb25.137 billion, representing an increase of 33.1% over the previous year; revenue from coking operations amounted to rmb4.437 billion, representing an increase of 118.0% over the previous year; revenue from coal mining equipment operations amounted to rmb2.993 billion, representing an increase of 27.6% over the previous year; revenue from coal mine design services and other operations amounted to rmb2.547 billion, representing an increase of 26.5% over the previous year.

highly effective cost control. affected by factors such as coal sustainable development charge levied by shanxi province and raw material prices increase, the company was subject to higher cost pressure in 2007. the management effectively controlled the costs of raw coal by increasing production efficiency, expanding the production volume of raw coal, strengthening refined management and reducing unit consumption of materials. the company s cost of sales for 2007 totalled rmb27.130 billion, representing an increase of rmb3.449 billion over the previous year, which was 5.9 percentage points lower than the growth rate of operating revenue. the average production cost of raw coal was rmb90.76ton, representing an increase of rmb8.25 ton over the previous year. if the coal sustainable development charge were excluded, the average production cost of raw coal would have decreased by rmb1.99ton over the previous year. the average production cost of raw coal in pingshuo mining area was rmb72.94ton, representing an increase of rmb9.97ton over the previous year. if the coal sustainable china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report chairman s statement >>> chairman s statement development charge were excluded, the average production cost of raw coal in pingshuo mining area would have decreased by rmb1.35ton over the previous year. in light of the policy-related cost increases caused by some local authorities policy such as coal sustainable development charge, coal mine environmental restoration fund and coal mine transformation fund in shanxi province, the company strived to increase the selling price of coal so as to transfer and minimize the impact of policy-related cost increases.

enhancement of growth quality. the gross profit realized in 2007 by china coal energy amounted to rmb9.298 billion, representing an increase of 42.0% over the previous year, of which, gross profit realized from coal production and trading operations amounted to rmb7.971 billion, representing an increase of 43.3% over the previous year. earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) amounted to rmb10.542 billion, representing an increase of 68.3% over the previous year. profit attributable to equity holders of the company amounted to rmb6.020 billion, representing an increase of 89.8% over the previous year. basic earnings per share was rmb0.51 and return on equity was 24.6%. the consolidated gross profit margin for 2007 was 25.5% which was 3.8 percentage points higher than that of the previous year, of which, the gross profit margin for coal production and trading operations was 29.5%, which was 6.4 percentage points higher than that of the previous year.

(2) rapid growth of core businesses further growth of the coal production and sales volume, and more back-up resources. in 2007, china coal energy optimized its production layout and organized production in a scientific manner, which resulted in the steady growth of raw coal production volume. raw coal production volume for the full year was 90.52 million tons, representing an increase of 11.48 million tons or 14.5% over the previous year, of which, self-produced raw coal amounted to 83.27 million tons, representing an increase of 16.78 million tons or 25.2% over the previous year. sales of commercial coal amounted to 85.16 million tons, of which sales of self-produced commercial coal amounted to 69.32 million tons, representing an increase of 21.3% over the previous year.
the proportion of sales of self-produced commercial coal increased by 16.8 percentage points over the previous year as a result of the further optimization of the sales structure. in order to meet different needs of coal consumers, the company continued to optimize the composition of coal and to strictly implement the quality denial system so as to ensure product quality.
depending on the heat value, the commercial coal in pingshuo mining area was further divided into 8 categories so as to match production with sales and to increase the added value of the products. pingshuo washed clean coal won 2007 world market china (coal) annual brand china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report <<< chairman s statement chairman s statement coal projects also achieved steady progress. the project of pingshuo east open pit mine has already obtained the approvals regarding the state assessment of environmental impact, land pre-approval and safety measures etc. and planned to commence construction in the second quarter of 2008; the construction of wangjialing coal mine in huajin mining area was progressing smoothly; the phase 3 renovation and expansion project for kongzhuang coal mine in datun mining area and the consolidation and technology reform projects for local coal mines were also actively implemented. new mining equipments purchased for pingshuo open pit mines were delivered gradually and had come into operation; antaibao underground mine which was under construction in 2007 experienced hydrological and geological changes resulting in greater water inflows in the mine. effective technological measures had been adopted in this connection to ensure safety in construction and expedite work progress with a view to commencing production within 2008. with the completion and commencement of production operations of the above projects, the continuous and stable growth of raw coal production volume of the company will be ensured.

as at the end of 2007, pursuant to the chinese standard, the company possessed coal mining reserves of 6.161 billion tons and coal resources of 10.24 billion tons. based on the raw coal production output in 2007, the ratio of coal reserves to coal production of the company was 74. under the jorc standard, the proved and probable coal reserves of the company amounted to 3.425 billion tons and ranked the second place among coal enterprises in china. the coal chemical project in erdos, inner mongolia was allocated with ancillary coal resources of 4.4 billion tons. the geological exploration and assessment of the project were completed. resources transfer agreement was signed and partial payment of the transfer consideration was remitted.
with respect to around 1.4 billion tons of ancillary coal resources of the heilongjiang coal chemical project, the transfer of resources was still in progress. china coal group, the controlling shareholder of the company, acquired 4 billion tons of coal resources in shuonan mining area which will be injected into china coal energy when conditions are satisfied. the mining area has been determined and china coal group is undergoing precise prospecting and exploring, carrying out feasibility study and preliminary designing. further progress made in respect of the above resources will enhance significantly the sustainable development capacity of the company.

china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report chairman s statement >>> chairman s statement new breakthroughs were achieved in coal mining equipment enterprises acquisitions and technology research and development. production capacity for full sets of mining equipments was further expanded.

china coal energy remained to be the top producer of coal mining equipment products in the domestic market. the market share of high-end hydraulic roof supports, heavy duty armored face conveyors and explosion-proof electric mining motors ranked the first place in the domestic market, accounting for 35%, 41% and 60% respectively. through strategic reorganization of shijiazhuang coal mining machinery co., ltd., the company further optimized its product structure and the manufacturing capacity for full sets of mining equipments was greatly enhanced.
by combining production with studying and research, the explosion-proof electric mining motor with the highest power capacity in china was developed in line with the advanced international standard and the manufacturing capacity for integrated coal mining equipment was thus coke refined chemical industry attained a new level and coal chemical industry started with high standard.

china coal energy fully utilized its production capacity of coke with both output and sales volume recorded historically high levels. coke production for the year 2007 amounted to 3.37 million tons, representing an increase of 42.8% over the previous year; sales of coke amounted to 3.64 million tons, representing an increase of 65.5% over the previous year. the company has fully utilized the existing coke business to actively develop integrated utilization programs and intensive processing of coke by-products. solid progress was made in projects such as methanol produced from coke oven gas and residual heat power generation. production volume of coke by-products increased continuously. the annual production of coke oven gas amounted to 140 million cubic meters, coal tar 74,000 tons and crude benzene 22,000 tons.

the project in erdos of inner mongolia having an annual production capacity of 25 million tons of coal, 4.2 million tons of methanol, 3 million tons of dimethyl ether with its ancillary engineering works is the model project in the state s coal chemical development planning areas. the project in heilongjiang having an annual production capacity of 10 million tons of coal, 1.8 million tons of methanol, 0.6 million tons of olefin with its ancillary engineering works is another model project in the state s coal chemical development planning areas. these projects are the key projects for industry structure reform in inner mongolia autonomous region and heilongjiang province and are also the key projects of the company for developing new coal chemicals and promoting industry upgrading. the above two projects are currently in their preliminary stage.
the project in erdos of inner mongolia has obtained approval for its master mining plan and is currently in the process of obtaining approval permits; whereas the helongjiang project is still in the process of applying for its master mining plan. the construction of methanol project with a capacity of 250,000 tons per year undertaken by heilongjiang coal chemical industry co., ltd.
of china coal energy has been accelerated and implemented smoothly.

china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report <<< chairman s statement chairman s statement (3) successful listing of a shares china coal energy has strengthened its corporate governance and capital operation, improved information disclosure and maintained good investor relationship, accelerated and completed the a share issue and listing, which expands the platform for capital operation.

in july 2007, the company initiated the procedures for the issue of a shares which were successfully listed on 1 february 2008. around 1.525 billion a shares were issued and net proceeds of rmb25.320 billion were raised. the proceeds from the a share issue will be used mainly for two large scale coal chemical projects in erdos and heilongjiang. the remaining proceeds will be used as working capital of the company for general corporate purpose or for the acquisitions of core business related assets. the issuance of a shares further optimized the capital structure of the company and will provide solid support for the development of a large- scale energy company with international competitive edges.

(4) active performance of social responsibilities under its people oriented operation principle, china coal energy performed social responsibilities actively, and strived to promote the harmonious development of the enterprise, society and environment, while achieving remarkable operating results and returns for its shareholders at the same time.

during the period when most parts of southern china were affected by blizzards and extreme cold spells, china coal energy s thermal coal producing mines maintained their normal production during the holiday season. coal production volume was thus increased and sales of commercial coal were expanded, ensuring the supply of thermal coal to the power plants.

the company fully implemented the state s strategic plans of energy conservation and discharge reduction and persisted in pursuing developments with emphasis on energy conservation, clean environment and in a scientific manner. solid results were obtained in terms of energy conservation and discharge reduction. the integrated energy consumption per rmb10,000 of production value of the company was decreased by 4.6%, the discharge volume of sulphur dioxide was reduced by 2.3% and the discharge volume of cod was reduced by 8.6% when compared with the previous year, and the treatment rate of mine water reached 100%.

the company vigorously promoted the concept that safety is of vital importance and life is most valuable . the company cared about staff development and facilitated harmonious enterprise development. in 2007, the rate of fatality per million tons of raw coal produced by the company was 0.022, which was in line with the advanced international level. the rate of fatality, in 9 out of 10 mines in production, was zero. nine mines were assessed to be safe and efficient mine and their production volume accounted for 98.6% of the total raw coal production of the company. the company has four super safe and highly efficient mines in chinese coal industry, each with an annual production capacity of over ten million tons and accounting for one-third of the total numbers nationwide.

china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report chairman s statement >>> chairman s statement 2. major tasks in 2008 (1) maintain rapid growth in the production volume of major products and fully utilize the economy of scale the company shall continue to optimize the coal mine production layout, strengthen technical support, enhance the equipment standards and pursue scientific organization and refined management. provided that safety is ensured, the company shall endeavour to maintain the average annual increase of 15 million tons of raw coal in the following three years and strive to surpass the volume of 100 million tons in both coal production and trading volume in 2008. the company will fully utilize current coke production capacity, improve technology and make efforts to increase the production volume of coke to 4.5 million tons in 2008 and maintain the growth rate at over 30%.
meanwhile, the company shall also focus on the intensive processing of coke by-products to enhance the integrated efficiency of the coking operations. coal mining equipment products will maintain an appropriate growth rate in production volume while more attention will be paid to quality enhancement and more efforts will be made to expand the proportion of high-end products in sales and production in order to further increase the added value of products. technology advantages will be fully utilized, the pace of acquisitions will be accelerated and the proportion of high-end products will be increased so as to achieve further growth in the production volume of coal mining equipment and revenue from the principal operations of the company in 2008.

(2) accelerate the construction of investment projects and strengthen the capacity of the company shall focus on the replacement of large-scale coal mining equipments for pingshuo open pit mines to maximize their production capacities; accelerate the construction progress of antaibao underground mine in order to commence production within the year of 2008; obtain the approval for pingshuo east open pit mine so as to commence its construction within the first half of 2008; accelerate the construction progress of wangjialing mine in huajin mining area and complete the technical reform of kongzhuang mine in datun mining area; and complete the injections of assets such as the parent company s dongpo coal mine within the year of 2008. the preliminary work of the two large-scale coal chemical projects will be accelerated in order to commence their construction as early as possible. the company will be equipped with a strong management team to implement these tasks. the company will fully utilize its industrial chain advantages to attain synergies, foster cooperation with both domestic and overseas large- scale chemical enterprises and research institutes, and also build up its techniques and talent pool. in accordance with the power industry development strategy that large enterprises will lead small ones during the 11th five-year plan period, cooperation with large state-owned power enterprises will be strengthened to develop the construction plan of large-scale pit-mouth coal-fired power plants and coal gangue-fired integrated power plants. the coal logistics network will be further improved, the construction of delivery and distribution systems at the tianjin coal terminal and the yangtze river delta will also be accelerated so as to develop potential customers and to expand our sales volume.

china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report <<< chairman s statement chairman s statement (3) continue the development of refined management and further strengthen cost control the company shall strengthen the management of operating objectives, implement the hierarchical responsibility system, carry out dynamic appraisals and fully complete the production and operation tasks. production techniques and organization management will be optimized.
new technologies, new techniques and new methods will be promoted and applied in order to increase the production efficiency. more detailed budget management with breakdown in achieved indicators will be implemented. the company shall strengthen cost audits on area teams, plants and teams of different shifts for strict control of unit consumption. human resources will be rationally allocated. the policy of increasing production without increasing manpower will continue, and the work efficiency of all staff will be enhanced.

(4) enhance technology innovation capacity and well perform energy conservation and discharge reduction tasks the company shall increase our investment into technologies and focus on significant technological research and development work for safe and highly efficient coal mining, intensified development of coal chemicals and the research and development of full sets of coal mining equipments. the company shall also actively apply for and undertake national technology projects to improve the quality and standards of technological research and development work. all staff will be encouraged to engage in positions to implement technological innovative activities of user-friendly modification, user-friendly reform, user-friendly suggestion, user-friendly invention and user-friendly creation. the research, development and applications of energy conservation and discharge reduction technologies will be accelerated to increase the integrated utilization efficiency of resources and replace the highly energy consuming and polluting techniques and equipments to ensure energy conservation and discharge reduction.

(5) facilitate the establishment of a long term safe production mechanism and strengthen safe production management the company shall promote the intrinsic safety management system and strengthen the fundamental safety management. the company shall insist on making safety investment and continue to improve the environment for safe production. the prevention, investigation and regulation measures of potential risks will be strengthened, and a long term mechanism for safety warning will be established. supervision of safety will be strengthened and the implementation of the safe production responsibility system will be facilitated.

china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report chairman s statement >>> chairman s statement (6) strengthen information system and establish internal control mechanism to enhance risk the company shall make great efforts to facilitate the establishment of an information system and a comprehensive and integrated platform for the centralized management of finance, coal sales and materials procurement to achieve real time supervision and control of the processes of various business operations. macroeconomic policy studies will be strengthened to enhance the foreseeability and scientific basis of policy decisions. the company shall strengthen overall risk management to avoid investment, financing and financial risks and to safeguard against legal dear shareholders, coal is a major, fundamental energy resource and an important fuel in china.
under the strengthened and improved macroeconomic control policies administered by the state, the relatively fast trend of economic growth will be suppressed to a certain extent, and the economic forces will gradually slow down and return to the sustainable and stable growth model. energy production and demand will continue to grow at a steady pace in china. the coal industry will strengthen its scale and modernization, and the strategies of developing large coal production bases and large groups will facilitate large-scale coal enterprises to strengthen and expand further. the formulation of the requirements for entering the coal industry, together china coal energy company limited 2007 annual report <<< chairman s statement chairman s statement with the complete costs of coal will accelerate the exit of medium and small coal mines.
consolidation of resources and enterprises will form a major trend in the coal industry, and the concentration of the industry will be strengthened notably. going forward in the long-term run, the coal-based energy structure will not change significantly in china. china coal energy, in accordance with the national industrial policies, will expedite the adjustment of the industry structure, extend the industrial chain and promote the improvement of the industry structure and the enhancement of management standards. active participation in the consolidation of local coal mines, expansion in the reserves of coal resources, the maintenance of continuous growth in coal production volume, and the acceleration of the construction of large-scale coal chemical projects will create new sources of profit growth, enhance economic benefits and maximize the interests of the shareholders.

