china consecutively experienced a few unprecedented natural disasters and has been significantly affected by the global financial crisis in 2008. in response to this situation, the prc government has taken a series of economic measures and adopted policies in a timely manner with an aim of further stimulating domestic demand and supporting economic growth. as a result, the chinese economy has continued to grow at a fast pace, and maintained stabilized commodity prices in the market as well as an optimised economic structure. due to the adverse impact of domestic and international macroeconomic slowdown, the coal market experienced significant fluctuations during the reporting period, although the market chairman s statement
chairman s statement equilibrium of the coal supply and demand generally speaking has not been affected. coal price moved drastically in a way like a parabola, rising continuously in the first half of 2008 while undergoing adjustment in the second half of 2008. in view of the market changes, china coal energy company limited (the company or china coal energy ) took active measures to overcome the production and operation difficulties and maintain a continuous and rapid growth in its core businesses. the company s operation achieved satisfactory results and recorded its best level in history. on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present the 2008 annual report of china coal energy to all shareholders.

1. review of the reporting period for the year ended 31 december 2008, the operating revenue of the company was rmb50.993 billion, representing an increase of rmb15.352 billion or 43.1% over 2007. revenue from coal operations amounted to rmb37.352 billion, accounting for 73.2% of the total revenue, of which revenue from self-produced commercial coal amounted to rmb33.106 billion, representing an increase of 32.5% over 2007. gross profit amounted to rmb13.548 billion, representing an increase of 48.0% over 2007, of which gross profit of coal operations amounted to rmb12.397 billion, representing an increase of 56.1% over 2007. earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation (ebitda) amounted to rmb12.968 billion, representing an increase of 24.4% over 2007. profit attributable to equity holders of the company amounted to rmb7.141 billion, representing an increase of 18.6% over 2007. basic earnings per share was rmb0.54 and return on equity was 16.5%. the consolidated gross profit margin of the company for 2008 was 26.6% which was 0.9 percentage point higher than that of 2007, of which the gross profit margin of coal operations was 32.6%, which was 3.1 percentage points higher than that of 2007; the gross profit margin of coking operations was 7.1%, which was 2.5 percentage points lower than that of 2007; the consolidated gross profit margin of coal mining equipment operations was 16.2%, which was 2.2 percentage points lower than that of 2007.

steady and rapid growth of the core business of coal operations in view of the rapid increase in domestic and international coal prices in the first half of 2008, the company adjusted its sales strategy in a prompt manner, including increasing the proportion of spot coal sales appropriately by consolidating its key power customer base, raising the sales price of export coal through a sound management of marketing and price negotiation, enhancing the profitability of self-produced coal by improving the export proportion of self-produced coal, and effectively controlling costs by timely transferring policy-related cost to downstream operations.
since september 2008, the company took active measures such as increasing the proportion of long-term contract sales, controlling costs and reducing risks to sustain its production and operations results in view of the severe conditions caused by falling demand and coal prices.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement " coal production exceeded 100 million tons for the first time. in 2008, china coal energy organised its production scientifically, optimised its production process and achieved steady growth in the production volume of raw coal. during the reporting period, the production volume of raw coal of the company reached 100.37 million tons, representing an increase of 9.85 million tons or 10.9% over 2007, and exceeded 100 million tons for the first time. the production volume of self-produced raw coal was 91.49 million tons, representing an increase of 8.22 million tons or 9.9% over 2007. pingshuo mining area produced 80.01 million tons of raw coal and was well on the track of achieving production capacity of 100 million tons.

" coal sales continued to increase and the sales structure continued to be optimised. coal sales volume of the company was 88.70 million tons in 2008, representing an increase of 4.4% over 2007, of which domestic sales of 72.70 million tons were recorded, representing an increase of 13.8% over 2007. sales of self-produced commercial coal were 74.10 million tons, representing an increase of 5.24 million tons or 7.6% over 2007, and its proportion in total sales was 2.4 percentage points higher. by leveraging on the price advantage in the spot market, the company s domestic spot sales accounted for 23.8% of total domestic sales and increased by 6 percentage points over 2007.

" construction of safe and highly efficient mines was in steady progress. during the reporting period, the raw coal production efficiency of the company was 29.25 tonsworker-shift, representing an increase of 9.5% over 2007, and was 5.8 times of the average raw coal production efficiency of key state-owned coal mines. the raw coal production efficiency of pingshuo mining area was 132.34 tonsworker-shift, which was 4.7% higher than that of 2007. among the 11 existing coal mines, 5 were assessed to be super safe and highly efficient mines in the prc and 3 were assessed to be first class safe and highly efficient mines in the coal industry.

" profitability of coal sales was further improved. during the reporting period, the weighted average sales price of self-produced coal of the company was rmb447ton, representing an increase of rmb84ton or 23.1% over 2007. the average domestic sales price of self-produced thermal coal was rmb405ton, representing an increase of rmb66ton or 19.5% over 2007. gross profit margin of coal sales operations was 32.6%, which was 3.1 percentage point higher than that of 2007.

core competitiveness of coal mining equipment operations was strengthened.

" maintained a leading position in terms of market shares. production value of coal mining equipment of china coal energy was rmb4.49 billion in 2008, representing an increase of rmb1.27 billion or 39.4% over 2007. the company s market shares of high-end hydraulic roof supports, heavy-duty armored face conveyors and explosion-proof electric mining motor remained to be no. 1 in the domestic market. the company continued optimising its product mix and increasing the proportion of purchase orders for high-end products steadily.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement " the product mix of three machines and one roof support was generally developed. following the successful reorganisation of fushun coal mining motor plant and shijiazhuang coal mining machinery company limited, the company further reorganised xi an coal mining machinery company limited ([dq&y_jh gplqs) in cooperation with shaanxi coal and chemical industry group co., ltd. (]dqmis]w gpnlqs) in august 2008. as a result, the company initially developed a comprehensive product chain of mining and excavation represented by roof support, armored face conveyor, shearer, road-header and electric mining motor, and established a general structure of three machines and one roof support for its coal mining " core technology of coal mining equipment was further developed. the company actively undertook the research and development of the rear armored face conveyor for high seam top level caving longwall mining work face, a major science and technology support project of the prc for the eleventh five-year period . the company also successfully developed the 2210kw high-power shearer, the 300kw model all-rock road header, and obtained the european ce certification for rope-driven floor-mounted rail system. out of the 29 national patent applications made by the company as to its coal mining equipment operations during the year, 27 have been accepted and 19 have been granted.

market fluctuations were effectively tackled by the company regarding its coking operations the coke market in the prc experienced sharp fluctuations during 2008. the demand for coke was robust and the price soared in the first half of the year, while a drastic falling in demand, a price plunge and unprecedented market adjustment were seen in the second half of the year. the company took active and effective measures to increase production volume, revenue and earnings in the first half of 2008, while to decrease costs and improve efficiency in the second half of 2008 by reducing production volume and inventory. coke sales for the year 2008 amounted to 2.85 million tons, representing a decrease of 6.9% over 2007. the company s coking operations achieved an operating profit of rmb284 million, representing an increase of 56.9% over 2007.

significant progress was made in the construction of large coal mine projects. certain adverse changes in geological conditions of the coal field were encountered in the construction of antaibao underground mine, which has a production capacity of 6 million tonsyear in the pingshuo mining area. the company took active and effective measures to facilitate the construction of the project.
currently, the project has commenced trial production. the pingshuo east open pit mine project has a coal production capacity of 20 million tonsyear, a washing and processing capacity of 20 million tonsyear and self-owned dedicated railway transportation capacity of 32.50 million tonsyear.
construction of this project has commenced with the target of completing construction in 3 years and achieving designed capacity in the second year . the company strived to construct this project into the one with fine quality. the company successfully acquired the entire equity interest in shanxi chairman s statement
chairman s statement china coal dongpo coal mine company limited held by china national coal group corporation ( china coal group ), the company s controlling shareholder, thereby increasing its production capacity by 1.5 million tonsyear. technology renovation projects for the wangjialing coal mine in the huajin mining area and the kongzhuang coal mine in the datun mining area are also accelerating coal chemical projects progressed smoothly. substantial progress has been made in the preliminary work of the coal chemical project in erdos, inner mongolia. according to the precise exploration, the total volume of mine reserve is 5.201 billion tons. currently the company has obtained the permit of coal mine exploration right for the menkeqing coal field and is in the process of transferring the mining right for the hulusu coal field and applying for the project approval. the methanol project of heilongjiang coal chemical industry co., ltd. of china coal energy with a production volume of 250,000 tonsyear has commenced trial production.

china coal energy had made continuous efforts to improve the company s corporate governance and the transparency of its operations. in 2008, the company established an enquiry and on-site examination mechanism for its independent directors to provide an appropriate platform so as to enable the independent directors to better perform their duties. we further strengthened our internal control responsibility system, reduced operational risks and enhanced operational efficiency. to improve our communication with investors, the company held roadshows for results announcement, reverse roadshows and investor conferences and made voluntary disclosure of monthly production and operational data so as to allow investors to gain a more thorough understanding of the company.
in 2008, the company won best investor relations for ipo 2008 jointly awarded by shanghai stock exchange and shenzhen stock exchange. in addition, the company received the award of certificate of excellence in the contest of 2008 china investor relationship award organised by uk s ir magazine.

further enhance the management level of safe production and continue to maintain an advanced level. by upholding the notion that safety is of vital importance, life is the most valuable , the company has made solid progress in standardising its safety quality and continuously enhancing the safety responsibility awareness of operators at all levels. out of the 11 operating mines, 9 mines recorded zero fatality rate, and the fatality rate of raw coal production per million tons was 0.020, which is far below the average level of 1.182 of coal mines in china.

implement the state policy of energy conservation and discharge reduction, and strive to build a resource-efficient and environmental-friendly enterprise. during the reporting period, the integrated energy consumption per rmb10,000 of production value of the company decreased by 23.4%, the discharge volume of sulphur dioxide reduced by 12.0%, and the discharge volume of cod reduced by 31.5% over 2007.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement as the second largest coal producer in china, china coal energy has the largest coal mining equipment manufacturing enterprise in china, the leading coal mine design companies and has an important function of providing services to the chinese coal industry, which has distinguished china coal energy from other companies and is a concrete demonstration of the company s social responsibilities.
in 2008, the company organised and implemented 31 key technology projects, developed 166 new products and undertook 6 projects at the national technology level, which has made significant contributions for the sustainable development of the coal industry and strengthening the nation s actively participate in the earthquake relief and ensure the stable supply of thermal coal. in response to the severe calamity caused by the wenchuan earthquake, the company immediately called on its employees to make donations to the disaster-stricken area and dispatched a reconstruction team to use its best effort to assist in the post-quake reconstruction. the reconstruction team dispatched was awarded with an honourable title of earthquake relief advanced unit by the state-owned assets supervision and administration commission of the state council ( sasac ) and the ministry of housing and urban-rural development of the prc. during the blizzards and extreme cold spells and the beijing olympics games, china coal energy also strictly performed its social responsibility and used every effort to ensure the coal supply for key power customers. the performance rate of major thermal coal contracts exceeded 100% in this period.

2. major tasks in 2009 adhere to safe and highly-efficient production and continue to maintain the coal production capacity of 100 million tons.

speed up technology reforms to enhance system reliability. modernise technology and equipment and computerise management measures through the monitoring and automated controlling of the production system of major equipments such as mining, excavating, electromechanical, transportation and ventilation, and of safety facilities and major equipments for coal preparation, loading and power supply and distribution.

implement professional management to achieve highly efficient production. properly implement professional management of operations such as road heading equipment removing before fully mechanized longwall mining ended, development and excavation, equipment management and repairing, coal processing and material supply in the two major mining areas, namely pingshuo mining area and datun mining area.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement strengthen continuous management and ensure balanced production. all mines of the company will be organised to carry out production in a balanced way and to avoid any deficiency of stripping (road-heading). active and effective measures will be taken to resolve the key conflicts and major issues hindering our production. the company will adopt innovative electromechanical management approaches and strengthen equipment check and preventive overhaul. the company will strengthen the overall coordination of production and adjustments so as to achieve smooth operation of all processes.

improve marketing ability on a market-oriented basis.

in response to the changes in market conditions, the company will strike a comprehensive balance between risks and benefits, make timely adjustments to its sales strategy, uphold a market-oriented and customer-centered operation philosophy, focus on long-term contract sales supplemented by spot sales to ensure stable sales volume.

strengthen strategic cooperation with key power customers, expand customer base in the chemical industry, the metallurgy industry and the construction materials industry. the company will establish and improve the coastal transshipment, storage and distribution channels mainly in the yangtze river delta area and the pearl river delta area in order to diversify its operational risks and achieve stable profitability.

conduct centralised marketing, fully leverage on the company s capability of offering a wide range of coal products and specifications to coordinate and arrange composite ancillary sales for thermal coal or coking coal, coordinate effectively coal production, transportation and sales, and improve the quality of our customer service. fully utilise the company s advantages of coal import and export operations and further expand into the international market.

strengthen risk and cost control to ensure operational profits.

arrange investment projects in strict compliance with the company s development strategy with a focus on its main business. adhere to the yield-centered investment principle, strengthen the assessment of investment projects and control investment risk stringently.

further control risk relating to accounts receivables, closely monitor and track the credit status of customers, adjust the credit rating of customers timely, and strengthen the collection of strengthen cost management and control, and significantly reduce non-production expenses.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement speed up the projects construction and promote sustainable enterprise development accelerate the construction of pingshuo east open pit mine in pingshuo mining area to ensure commencement of production in 2010 as scheduled.

speed up the preliminary work of the erdos coal chemical project in inner mongolia to ensure duly commencement of the project construction in 2009.

actively advance project construction with respect to power generation using coke oven gas, intensive processing of coal tar, methanol production using oven gas, and further improve the overall utilisation level of resources.

acquire regional coal mines under restructuring from china coal group, the controlling shareholder of the company, in a timely manner.

strengthen the work relating to environment, quality and responsibility for building an intrinsically safe enterprise.

establish a simple, efficient and smooth production system. adopt innovations in mine design models and technology system, accelerate the automation, computerisation reform and the construction pace of the mines so as to provide a good operating environment featuring simple system and reliable equipment.

provide more training and build up a team of highly skilled employees to enhance the company s technology innovation capabilities.

develop the system and network of safe production responsibility. implement safety responsibilities for accountability at all stages including corporate decision-making, implementation, supervision, assessment, disciplinary measures and reward programme.

fully implement the standardisation of safe quality. with the focus on standardisation of safe quality, establish a standardised examination and assessment system and target achievement plan, strengthen on-site refined management and enhance the level of safe production chairman s statement
chairman s statement 3. future prospect as the global financial crisis spreads and the risk of global economic slowdown continues to grow in 2009, economic development of china will be facing a more complex and severe situation. the supply and demand of coal will become less balanced, coal prices will fall and the reform of value added tax and resource tax may affect the profitability of coal enterprises to a certain extent. in view of the complex international and domestic economic situations, china coal energy will arrange its tasks for the current and future periods based on its own conditions: (1) focus on both organic growth and external expansion. actively accelerate production, operation and project construction and speed up self-development with a focus on the core operations.
realise fast expansion through merger, acquisition, joint venture and cooperation and so on.

(2) accelerate the implementation of the strategy for coal reserves and project reserves. actively expand and develop domestic and overseas premier coal reserves with a focus on areas with richer resources and better depositing conditions such as shanxi, inner mongolia, shaanxi and (3) further develop the company s three core operations, namely, coal production, coal chemical and coal mining equipment. accelerate the construction of coal mine projects under construction.
closely monitor the development of the shuonan mining area and the progress of restructuring local mines undertaken by china coal group, our controlling shareholder, so as to expand the coal production capacity continuously. adhere to high standards, thresholds and profits to strengthen economic appraisal and feasibility study of projects. properly facilitate the construction progress of coal chemical projects to maximise shareholders value. by seizing the opportunities arising from the support for the equipment manufacturing industry from the prc government and localisation of major equipments, the company will strengthen its international cooperation and self-innovation, to actively capture the high-end market and lay a solid foundation with a view to realising its target of being a global market leader .

(4) actively expand the company s power generation operations. the company will strive to identify power plant locations featuring secured number of consumers, large-scale, high-standard and great expansion potential. the company will construct some large pit-mouth power plants independently or in cooperation with other power enterprises. fully develop power generation projects which are equipped with circulating fluidised bed units and are fueled by middling coal, coal slurry and coal gangue and actively develop power generation projects which utilise gas, coke oven gas and residual heat.

chairman s statement
chairman s statement dear shareholders, coal will continue to be the primary energy in the prc for quite a long time in the future. there will be no change in the fundamental development scenario of the prc economy. in particular, the implementation of a series of macroeconomic adjustment measures by the prc government has created favorable conditions for tackling with the global financial crisis. china coal energy will firmly adhere to the market-oriented and customer-centered operational philosophy. the company will uphold the four principles in development by following the direction of large-scale production, modernisation of technology and equipment, professionalisation of working teams and computerisation of management measures and meet the five high standards of high threshold, target, quality, efficiency and profit . the company will also continuously improve its corporate governance and sustainable development ability to create higher value for its shareholders.

