looking at the performance of the business excluding tumi, we were pleased with the 6.0% growth in constant currency net sales, and also on the same basis, the increase in adjusted ebitda of 6.8% to us$421.3 million. this was a creditable result, given overall economic conditions, and better than we might have expected at the halfyear 
it is encouraging that the second half of the year has been much stronger than the fi rst half, especially in the two major markets of the u.s. and china. i believe we have further strengthened the position of the company in the global travel lifestyle marketplace.
looking back over 2016, the acquisition of tumi has undoubtedly been the years most significant event, and arguably the most important acquisition in our companys 100- plus year history. as our overall results incorporate a first, part-year contribution from tumi, my intention will be to look more closely at what has been going on in organic terms, as this will give a clearer picture of the companys progress. it is encouraging that the second half of the year has been much stronger than the first half, especially in the two major markets of the u.s. and china. whilst 2016 did not present currency challenges on the scale of 2015, there remained some us dollar appreciation pressures in a number of key trading territories. also, although consumer sentiment improved during the course of the year, 2016 has been an uneven year in terms of global growth and demand, due to a mixture of political and economic uncertainty.
against this backdrop we are very satisfied with the results of the business, and i believe we have further strengthened the position of the company in the global travel 
the headline results are as follows: including tumi, net sales advanced by 15.5% to a record us$2,810.5 million and the groups reported profit attributable to the equity holders increased by 29.4% to us$255.7 million. however, this profit measure was significantly affected by, on the negative side, the costs of the tumi acquisition, and on the positive side by a one-off tax benefit arising from the liquidation of the groups u.s. pension plan. adjusting these out, the profit increase came to 11.6%.
in line with previous years, i would like to draw attention to the two performance measures of adjusted ebitda and adjusted net income. these are non-ifrs measures, but they do, in our view, present a clear picture of the underlying performance of the business, as they adjust out various one-off charges (in the main related to acquisitions) and certain other non-cash charges and adjustments unrelated to operating performance. adjusted ebitda increased by 21.1% to us$485.6 million, and adjusted net income advanced 18.9% to us$257.9 million.
the latter figure is especially noteworthy as it is struck after the financing costs of the tumi acquisition.
looking at the performance of the business excluding tumi, we were pleased with the 6.0% growth in constant currency net sales, and also on the same basis, the increase in adjusted ebitda of 6.8% to us$421.3 million. this was a creditable result, given overall economic conditions, and better than we might have expected at the half-year point. as ramesh points out in his report, china, our second largest market, which was flat in terms of net sales growth in the first half, turned in constant currency growth of 11.4% in the second half. we did see evidence of an uptick in the north american business as well: sales were up 7.2% in the second half which helped the overall increase for the year to 3.8% after a virtually flat first half. whilst speck has contributed substantially to this improvement, mainly due to we are now focused on a strong growth path for tumi for the future, not only in the u.s., which will benefi t from increased investment in marketing spend, but also in several key markets in asia, where we are much ahead of original plans to take back direct control of distribution. in summary, tumi is not just a case of an acquisition going according to plan, but one that is performing better than we expected in most departments.
new product introductions, there is also evidence that the retail store comparative growth is moving into positive territory. whilst there remains considerable turmoil in the market as some of our larger wholesale customers adapt to the shift toward e-commerce, the range of initiatives we have in place for the coming year gives us confidence that we will see a better climate for growth in 2017.
there were headwinds in three other markets in asia in 2016: south korea is one of the most intensively and successfully operated markets for the business, and this exposes us particularly to changes in overall consumer sentiment and general economic conditions. these have been a challenge, but we do expect some improvement in the coming months. secondly, uncertainty in india around the withdrawal of high denomination notes from circulation has not helped another market where our shares are high: again, we have a number of initiatives that should see advances in 2017. finally, although hong kong is not one of the largest asian markets, the loss of tourist throughput in a predominantly retail market has been painful for profitability in 2016. as the year closed we did see signs of some stabilisation, and therefore prospects for next year should be better. its also worth pointing out that as a result of slower growth and channel shifts in the two key markets of china and south korea, weve seen a halt to the previously strong growth track of american tourister in asia. we have subsequently made changes to our marketing and product strategy which we believe will have a positive impact in the near term.
in europe, we have made good advances with the american tourister brand partly as a result of increased marketing investment, but also due to an exciting and dynamic product range. as ramesh reports, we have had a good year in europe barring the impact of terrorist attacks in france, which has been slow to return to normal levels of activity. the previous acquisitions of rolling luggage and chic accent have made a good contribution to net sales and the bottom line, and also shifted our business more in the direction of direct-to-consumer. whilst we are not yet seeing any substantial impact in terms of profits earned in our latin america business, this has been a year of very exciting progress: excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, our net sales increased by 17.4%. chile remains the bedrock of the business, but we are seeing some real movement in the key markets of mexico and brazil, driven by the retail expansion and further development of the american tourister brand.
as ramesh notes in his report, our strategy to diversify the group in terms of brands, product categories and distribution channels is making good progress.
although 2016 was a blip for american tourister in china and south korea, the brand continued to record double-digit growth in many markets, and other brands lipault, gregory, speck and hartmann, all grew in excess of 15.0%. we are also particularly excited by the homegrown mass market brand kamiliant, which has gone from a virtually standing start to us$21.9 million in net sales during 2016. turning to product categories, constant currency net sales for the nontravel categories increased by a combined 9.1% (excluding tumi), faster than the core travel category at 4.5%. as we invest more behind the business, casual and accessories categories, and also as a result of the shift towards direct-toconsumer, we expect to see further progress in this area. finally, in terms of distribution channels the march of e-commerce continues unabated: it now represents almost 10.0% of the business, and we are accelerating our efforts to get in front of this curve. there is much to do, and in order to attain full potential of our brands in this channel, we know that investments may need to be made whose return is uncertain in the short term, but we will do what it takes to build a #1 position globally in this channel. we do know that our bricks-and-mortar estate needs to work hand-in-hand with e-commerce, and we intend to further invest in direct-to-consumer channels. 2016 was not an exciting year for retail comparative sales (+2.5% on a constant currency basis), but with an improving outlook in some of our bigger markets, we expect better results in the coming year.
this brings me to tumi. there has been no better example of rameshs leadership skills in bringing the two companies together, and then applying his knowledge of the business to make the right calls in terms of people and structure. it is true that samsonite and tumi share many common values, and this has helped the integration process. but only the relentless attention to detail, and careful assessment of people and plans, has led us to the truly exciting position we find ourselves in today. as we have mentioned on several occasions, this is a real complementary fit, and at an operating level i believe we have made good decisions in maintaining a centrally-driven brand and design function, delivered by regions in terms of sales and marketing. tumi is an outstanding business, and i would like to thank the team there for being willing to work so well with the samsonite people to get the best long-term result for the group. of course, there has been some initial restructuring, but we are now focused on a strong growth path for the future, not only in the u.s., which will benefit from increased investment in marketing spend, but also in several key markets in asia, where we are much ahead of original plans to take back direct control of distribution. in summary, tumi is not just a case of an acquisition going according to plan, but one that is performing better than we expected in most departments.
one of the goals of our management team is to maintain a clear and consistent strategy, with appropriate flexibility in execution, and ramesh recapitulates this in his report. as i mentioned earlier in this commentary, 2016 has been another year of sluggish overall trading conditions, and this has led us to a conservative stance on marketing spend. in fact, we did manage to increase our spend by 10.1% in constant currency terms to us$143.8 million, although as a percentage of net sales it fell slightly from 5.4% last year to 5.1% of net sales in 2016. it is worth reiterating that we consider investment behind our brands as a key long-term driver of growth, and after a couple of years in which spend has had to be trimmed, it is our intention to raise the percentage in coming years, and our plans for 2017 fully take this into account.
one important goal of our management team is generating strong operating cash flow, subject, of course, to meeting our overall growth objectives. in 2016 overall operating cash flow was us$260.8 million, compared to us$259.0 million in 2015, despite a us$34.2 million increase in cash paid for interest and the us$37.3 million increase in acquisition-related costs associated with the tumi acquisition.
net working capital efficiency of 12.6% was a slight deterioration on 2015, mainly due to the addition of tumi, but this will be subject to various improvement initiatives in coming months. at year-end, the group had a net debt position of us$1,571.2 million and following the refinancing of the senior credit facilities in february 2017, our cash interest cost is expected to fall by approximately $16.0 million in the first year. clearly the reduced financing costs will contribute positively to post-acquisition earnings per share.
your board continues to follow a progressive dividend policy that broadly links payments to increases in earnings. during the year, profit attributable to the equity holders (excluding the non-cash income tax benefit recognized upon liquidation of the u.s. pension plan) rose by 3.3% on a constant currency basis. the board has therefore recommended a cash distribution to shareholders for 2017 of us$97.0 million, an increase of 4.3% on the previous year, and representing approximately us$0.0687 per share.
as ever, ramesh and his dedicated executive team have turned in a performance of great resilience in the face of indifferent trading conditions, and have laid the foundations for further long-term growth. i would like to thank them all, and especially the finance team under kyle gendreau, who has done so much to get a complex transaction completed, but also on obtaining the most favourable financing terms possible. i would like to pay tribute also to the work of fabio rugarli, who returns to italy after running our european business successfully since 2009, and to wish arne borrey, his successor, every good fortune. during the year, we also said goodbye to miguel ko, who stepped down from the board as a result of growing commitments in his home territory of singapore. he has been a genuine heavyweight in the boardroom, and we will miss him. however, it is with great pleasure that we welcome jerome griffith, the former ceo of tumi, and currently of lands end. his credentials in terms of industry knowledge and successful operating performance need no further elaboration.
in closing, i would note that 2016 was a year of political surprises, and 2017 may be no different. however, the world will carry on traveling, and this will drive our business forward. i am fully confident that we end this year even better equipped to meet the needs of our customers on the move, with a full array of brands, exciting and extensive product ranges, the most comprehensive distribution channel coverage and in almost every country of the world.
timothy charles parker

march 15, 2017 