on behalf of the board of directors of sands china ltd., i am pleased to report that we continued to successfully execute our strategic objectives this year. market conditions in macao improved meaningfully during the year, and we again delivered a strong set of fi nancial results. we also successfully opened the parisian macao, our latest integrated resort on cotai and another must-see destination on cotai. the parisian macao meaningfully enhances our critical mass on cotai, further extends our industry-leading contributions to macaos diversifi cation and supports the realization of macaos long-term development objectives as the leading business and leisure tourism destination in asia.
we once again generated industry-leading adjusted ebitda and profi t, while also returning excess capital to shareholders. the strong balance sheet and cash fl ow generation of the company allowed the board of directors to declare dividends per share of hk$1.99 in 2016 for a total of over hk$16.0 billion in cash returned to shareholders for the year.
the company generated market-leading adjusted ebitda of us$2.24 billion with a margin of 33.7%. net revenues were us$6.65 billion. we were encouraged that our mass gaming revenue saw positive year-on-year growth during the year, and that this growth accelerated through the year to reach 16% growth in the fourth quarter.
our mass gaming revenue strength was supported by our ability to drive increased patronage with hotel accommodation, retail shopping experiences and entertainment events. overall, our gross non-gaming revenue increased in 2016 compared to 2015 with our high-margin retail mall revenue increasing by 6%. in the hotel segment, our occupied suite nights increased 12% benefi ting from the addition of 3,000 new suites at the parisian macao. we remain far-and-away the industry-leader in macaos mice business, hosting nearly 700 mice events on cotai, which attracted over 900,000 event attendees to macao in 
my original vision for cotai in macao was further realized with the opening of the parisian macao on september 13, 2016.
sands china has now invested approximately us$13.0 billion to deliver on our promise to help macao in its economic diversifi cation and its continued evolution into the worlds leading business and leisure tourism destination. our investment includes nearly 13,000 hotel rooms, 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of retail-mall offerings and 2.0 million square feet (approximately 186,000 square meters) of mice capacity. our scale, the diversity of cash fl ows and our critical mass of hotel, retail and mice space allowed us to continue to outperform our competitors during the year and position us well for future growth.
our investments in the marketing of macao and cotai as a business and leisure tourism destination continue to pay dividends as our parisian macao social media program has now exceeded two billion impressions. based on our customer surveys at the various points of entry into macao since the parisian macaos opening, the most visited casino resort in macao remains the venetian macao, but in second place is the parisian macao. overall, we welcomed nearly 74 million visits to our property portfolio in 2016, an increase of 8% compared to the prior year. we are incredibly proud to help drive increased visitation to macao and cotai from across the region and to contribute to macaos diversifi cation.
all this allows us to look ahead to the future with confi dence. we have a strong organic growth outlook that will continue to benefi t from our industry-leading investments, our unmatched scale, the secular growth in chinese middle-class wealth creation and increasing demand for travel.
we regard it as a privilege to contribute to macaos success in realizing its important objectives of diversifying its economy, supporting the growth of local businesses, providing meaningful career development opportunities for its citizens, including through our sands china academy, and reaching its full potential as asias leading business and leisure tourism destination. we could not have achieved our many successes this year without the hard work and dedication of sands chinas nearly 29,000 team members. i thank them for their efforts and i look forward to their continued contributions in the years ahead.
our sands china business strategy remains straightforward: continue the execution of our cotai strip development strategy by leveraging our convention-based integrated resort business model and world-class amenities to contribute to macaos diversifi cation. this strategy drives sands chinas market-leading revenue and cash fl ow generation and allows the company to return excess capital to shareholders.
we look forward to sharing the companys continued success with you and other stakeholders at the upcoming sands china annual general meeting.
i thank you again for the confi dence that you have placed in us.
sheldon g. adelson
chairman of the board and chief executive offi cer march 17, 2017 