although there is still a long way to a full-fledged recovery for our operations, we will remain focused in striving for sustainable growth by meticulously executing our initiatives. adhering to 
we shall maintain an excellent standard in our products and services so as to fortify our iconic and trusted brand 
i am pleased to present the annual results of the group for fy2017. despite challenging business dynamics, we continued to strive for excellence in our products and services while sharpening our competitive edges as an industry pioneer during fy2017. encouragingly, our operations showed signs of stabilisation during 2hfy2017. we remain vigilant to ensure that the group will emerge stronger and be better positioned for future growth.

the group registered a decrease in revenue of 9.4% year-on-year to hk$51,246 million in fy2017. despite a negative full year sales performance, the tide began to turn in our operations in 2hfy2017. revenue grew by 4.4% year-on-year in 2hfy2017, a remarkable improvement compared to a 23.5% year-on-year decline in 1hfy2017. benefitting partially from this improving trend, profit attributable to shareholders of the company rose by 3.9% to hk$3,055 million during fy2017, while earnings per share were hk30.6 cents.
the board has proposed a final dividend and a special dividend of hk10 cents and hk20 cents per share, respectively.
pursuing sustainable growth we carried out a number of initiatives and embarked on new ones during fy2017 to ensure sustainable growth of the group. all such initiatives shall provide us with a strong foundation to ride the wave of mainland chinas new normal economy one in which growth is mainly driven by consumption and science-oriented innovation takes on great significance to improve the quality of growth and standard of living, as set out in the 13th five-year plan (2016 2020) on national economic and social development (13th fyp). we are constructive that under this national direction, the structure of consumption will be elevated as consumers become wealthier, more tech-savvy and sophisticated in buying habits.
to capitalise on these evolving consumption changes, we have been taking the lead to transform and enhance various aspects of our business, especially through the application of technology and innovation.
we have launched smart+ initiatives in which internet technology, smart devices and big data are used to understand customer preferences. our inventory and logistics management have been streamlined to achieve greater supply chain efficiency through the use of automated technology. revamp of store image and in-store layout, as well as store segmentation, are in progress to provide brand new shopping experience. with e-commerce accounting for 9.3% of our retail sales volume in mainland china in fy2017, we have been focusing in deepening o2o interactions, such as channelling online traffic to physical stores and extracting synergies through innovative channels.
we have also been adapting to the fast changing preference of chinese consumers. differentiated and diversified products have been added to our portfolio to target different customer segments. chow tai fook t mark diamond brand, a disruptive innovation and revolutionary product offering, was launched during fy2017. this was a major milestone for the group as a breakthrough on the current industry practice by displaying to customers the complete life journey of a diamond from its source, made possible by state-ofthe-art technology on the backbone of our vertically integrated business model.

mainland china is on track to become a consumption led economy and a moderately prosperous society, which bodes well for the retail industry, especially the luxury sector, in the long term. despite an economic slowdown, mainland chinas gdp growth in absolute terms still remains to be the highest in the world. coupled with the continuing trends of income increase, expansion of the middle-income class and urbanisation, abundant growth potentials still persist. under the 13th fyp, the chinese government will implement measures to foster a conducive consumer environment, which will help to re-shore overseas consumption back to mainland china and revitalise domestic luxury consumption. the new normal economy, characterised by slowing but quality growth, is expected to propel the nation to a stable, healthy and sustainable long-term development. we are fully confident of and optimistic about the long-term prospects of mainland china.
in hong kong and macau, the retail industry is undergoing structural changes inevitably as travel patterns and spending preferences of chinese tourists have changed. nevertheless, the two cities well-established infrastructure, high degree of internationalisation, mature legal systems, tax-free shopping environment as well as high-quality customer service, give them a solid competitive edge in the long run. hong kong has been ranked as the worlds freest economy by the heritage foundation for the 23rd consecutive year, reaffirming the citys strong underlying fundamentals and status as the worlds most competitive financial and business hub.
although there is still a long way to a full-fledged recovery for our operations, we will remain focused in striving for sustainable growth by meticulously executing our aforementioned initiatives. we have started to provide a holistic jewellery retail solution on a global scale by leveraging our vertically integrated 
eternity, we shall maintain an excellent standard in our products and services so as to fortify our iconic and trusted brand value.
i would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow board members for their strategic guidance and the management and staff for their dedicated efforts and invaluable contributions over the years. i also thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their long-term support 
dr. cheng kar-shun, henry

hong kong, 8 june 2017 