on behalf of the board of directors of man wah holdings limited (man wah or the company), i am pleased to present the audited annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 march 2011 (fy2011 or review period).

during the review period, the group continued to explore both international and domestic markets, and has obtained satisfactory growth in sales. meanwhile, we have been enhancing the efficiency of our internal operation to mitigate the adverse effect caused by factors including the surge in raw material prices and operational expenses during the review period. we recorded a net profit of approximately hk$621,302,000 for the year.
review of the united states market through production of quality products with competitive prices, the group has established an excellent brand image among us retailers. during the review period, the group has gained 16 retail customers in the us. with the strengthening of customers confidence in the group, our customers continued to increase their order types. in research and development (r&d), we have launched more than 40 new products in the us market, further strengthening the competitive advantages of the group. according to the market research report of euromonitor, the market share of the group in the reclining sofa sector of the us ranked the 8th in the year of 2008, as compared to the 5th in 
other overseas market
in the second half of fy2011, the group has further strengthened its exploration in european market. through the localization of the companys sales team, the group has been able to stay closer to the market and meet different needs and desires of customers. during 23 to 26 january this year, the company achieved its maiden participation in the largest furniture exhibition interiors 2011 organized in birmingham, the united kingdom. during the exhibition, our products were well received by a great deal of new customers, and received new orders of more than usd1.8 million.
the prc market
the group has continued to strengthen its exploration in the prc market during the review period. in the construction of retail network, by the end of fy2011, the total number of retail outlets increased from 509 in early fy2011 to 660. the group further enhanced its strength of marketing promotion following the increase of retail outlets. to let consumers to have better understanding over function sofa, a rather new product for most chinese consumers, the group has tried a lot of innovative marketing strategies, including the slogan of bring the first-class-cabin back to your home. through the display of our product in booths similar to a first class aircraft cabin, consumers can closely and directly experience the characteristics of our products.

as the business of the group developed rapidly, we set a higher standard for the management team and the operational system. during fy2011, the group successfully upgraded the enterprise resource planning (erp) system to sap system. the new system covers all important business sectors, including purchase, production, sales, finance and human resources management. the operating efficiency of the company will be further enhanced with the application of the system. in personnel training, we have selected and sent over 100 managing staff to further study at beijing university, to raise the managing standard of the team. the group has developed an effective performance appraisal system, and promoted the incentive-based culture. we have also carried out a share award scheme and a share option scheme during this year to reward our staff who contributed to the development of the company.
expansion of capacity the group had completed the construction of phase 3 of our huizhou facility, increasing the annual capacity of sofas from 516,000 sets to 816,000 sets, laying a foundation for our business growth in the upcoming year.

prospects in the us market apart from maintaining the competitiveness in the quality and price of our products, the group also started devoting in sales of recliner chairs so as to further increase our market share in the us market. according to the market research report released in april 2011 by furniture today, a leading furniture publication in the us, 4.6% of american families plans to purchase one recliner chair in the year of 2011 whereas the ratio was only 3.2% in 2010. recliner chairs only accounted for a minor share in our business in the past. during the high point furniture fair in the us in april 2011, the group had launched more than 40 recliner chairs and they were highly welcomed by our clients. accordingly, recliner chairs will be our new sales driver in the coming 
other overseas market
the group will further speed up the development of european and other overseas markets, including the recruitment of more local experienced sales persons, and set up more showrooms so as to stay closer to the local market.
the prc market
with the launch of various policies to the effect of boosting domestic demand, the awareness of consumers towards furniture brands gradually increased. more and more consumers would like to choose comfortable furniture products with higher branding efforts and better health standards. this idea matches with our advocated concept of providing healthy, suitable, valuable and trendy products to consumers. we believe that there is still plenty room for development in the prcs recliner sofa market. as the leader in the prcs function sofa market, the group will take up more consumer-oriented responsibilities, and strengthen its market promotion. the group plans to increase the number of retail outlets in the prc from 660 at present to 1,000 in two financial years. during this process, we will retain one-third of our outlets as self-operated stores, so that we can keep abreast of the market development.

as our sales grow steadily, the group needs to plan ahead the construction of production and distribution facilities to cope with the need of our future development. on the base of the completion of the phase 3 of our huizhou facility, the group is working closely on the construction of a new production base in wujiang, jiangsu. the construction of such base will be completed by the second half of 2012. by then, our annual capacity of sofa will be increased from 816,000 sets to 1,116,000 sets. to cope with the capacity demand in the future five to eight years, and to lower the logistics costs and shorten the delivery time, the group plans to construct a new production base in tianjin. the project is currently under the preliminary stage of site selection.
improving internal operation
upon the launch of the new erp system, the group has hired internationally renowned consultancy firm in the new financial year to give us suggestions over the improvement of aspects including strategic management, human resources management and production management. the company will strive to retain its position as the leading manufacturer of recliner sofas and to further enhance the production and operation efficiency through constant self-perfection.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to all the staff for their loyalty and contributions to the group during the review period. i would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders and business associates for their support and trust. the group will continue to strive for strengthening our core competence and securing a leading position among recliner sofa producers around the world.
wong man li

man wah holdings limited
