on behalf of the board of directors of man wah holdings limited (man wah or the company), i am pleased to present the audited annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 march 2017 (fy2017, thereview period or the current fy).

during the review period, the group continued to improve its operational efficiency and develop competitive products to enhance overall its ability to counter business risks and profitability of the company. during the review period, the groups profit reached a new high.
in the china market, the group benefited from the trend of consumption upgrades in household products, and has achieved a pleasing revenue growth through its increased efforts in brand promotion and marketing, as well as its vigorous promotion of refined management of sales terminal.
in the north america market, the groups revenue has declined as a result of the adverse effects from a series of external factors. during the second half of the review period, the group reacted with effective measures in time, thus the decline in revenue was narrowed down.
in europe and other overseas markets, due to the weak economic growth in the eurozone, many european retailers increased the proportion of local procurement in europe to raise their inventory turnover, thereby increasing the pressure on the groups sofa export business in europe. the group successfully acquired the controlling interest in home group ltd. (home group) in november 2016. the five manufacturing plants of home group in eastern europe will strongly support the groups business growth in europe in the future.
in terms of its internal management, the group continued to improve its refined management and establish a craftsmans spirit to improve its product quality and cost indicators, thus the groups profit growth has once again exceeded its revenue growth during the review period.

in the future, the group will continue to strengthen its core competencies in recliner. through further vertical integration, the group intends to improve the proportion of self-produced spare parts, thereby effectively reduce costs and increase flexibility in product design. in the manufacturing sector, the group will be committed to improving the level of automation and intelligence. at the same time, the group will also appropriately broaden the product mix to provide consumers with more cost-effective furniture products.
the group is fully aware of the great potential of branded furniture market in china, and will accelerate the pace of expansion in the prc market in the next year. the group will strengthen brand promotion, with the aim of building the cheers brand into a well-known consumer brand, and continues to expand its store network in china. during the next fiscal year, the group plans to add no less than 300 stores in china. in addition, the group will, as always, strengthen the refined management of existing stores, including performance management, and better motivate its store staffs to maintain a steady revenue growth in existing stores. considering current market conditions, the group has increased wholesale and retail price of recliners in mainland china market by 5% in may 2017. the price increase will further support the profit growth in china market.
in the north american market, after a series of adjustments in recent months, the groups sales have shown a month-to-month increase momentum. the group will fully capitalize the us economic recovery to enhance its competitiveness in the north american market through continuous product innovation and provision of better service.
in europe and other overseas markets, the group plans to achieve revenue growth by product restructuring, launching more value-added products and developing more new customers. at the same time, the group will fully utilize home groups land and plants in europe to produce recliner sofas in europe, so as to meet the demand of fast delivery and quick inventory turnover from european customers.
in line with the groups continuous revenue growth, the group will keep expanding its manufacturing capacity in china. the group is constructing the second phase of the plant in tianjin, which will be completed in the near future. when all plants are available and put into use, the group annual sofa production capacity will be increased by approximately 200,000 sets, while the total annual sofa production capacity of the group will be increased to 1.586 million sets. at the same time, the group has secured a piece of industrial land in chongqing china, as a manufacturing base in southwest china. the group has started the construction since april this year. the construction will be expected to be completed in 2019. this will increase the sofa annual production capacity by approximately 300,000 sets. also the new factory will further reduce logistics cost of the group in southwest china.

on behalf of the board of directors, i would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, consumers and employees for their support in the past year. we will continue to work hard to reward shareholders with better performance and to make more contributions to society.
wong man li

man wah holdings limited
