on behalf of the board (board) of directors of man wah holdings limited (man wah), i am pleased to present the audited annual results for the year ended 31 march 2010 (fy2010 or review period). fy2010 has been a successful year for the company, culminating in the listing of our shares on the main board of the hong kong stock exchange on 9 april 2010. the gross proceeds of hk$ 1,681.8 million raised from the ipo have significantly strengthened our capacity to grow our business.
fy2010 a year of excellent 
fy2010 has been a phenomenal year for man wah; it has been a year of substantial growth in all our 
this growth has resulted from the relentless implementation of our strategies, which since 2000, have enabled our revenue, ebitda and net profit to grow tremendously over the 
much of the growth has been achieved because of our philosophy of partnership with our customers and other shareholders we spend much time and efforts in understanding the needs of our customers and in finding ways in which we can anticipate and meet those needs. this is true in each of our divisions and at all levels of 
this partnership philosophy has seen man wah achieving an outstanding results performance in fy2010. our total sales surged to approximately hk$ 2,932.2 million, representing an increase of 49.3% over the previous financial year.
(2009: hk$ 1963.8 million). profit for the year grew by 171.0% over fy2009 to approximately hk$ 605.8 million (2009: hk$ 223.5 million).
basic earnings per share was hk 85.09 cents, representing an increase of 169.0%. to share the success with our shareholders (shareholders), the board has recommended the payment of a final dividend and a special dividend of hk 16 cents and hk 6 cents per share, respectively. the total payout dividend for fy2010 will be approximately hk$ 213.7 million and the total dividend payout ratio for the year amounted to approximately 35%.
fy2010 a year of progress we have seen progress in all our major markets. during the review period, the group devoted more resources in marketing and r&d, and proactively strengthened the market presence of our brands. the total number of cheers brand retail stores in china grew from 265 as at 31 march 2009 to 296 as at 31 march 2010, of which 74 are self-owned and 222 are operated 
we also carried out extensive marketing activities to boost our cheers brand image in us and europe, to our corporate customers.
these include our participation in the las vagas fair and highpoint furnishing fair in us as well as the imm furniture fair in cologne, germany. in the second half of fy2010, macys, a department store in the us, became our latest customer to carry cheers brand of recliner sofa in us. to date, the group has 291 distributors in us.
for our enlanda mattress division, the group continued to build on its distribution channel by expanding its retail stores in china. to date, we have 43 self-owned enlanda stores and 170 distributor stores spreading across 20 provinces in china.
fy2010 a year to sharpen our competitive strength
man wahs culture is built on the philosophy of partnership, where we viewed customers and shareholders as our long-term partners. as a result, we focus on the long term sustainability of the business rather than short term gains in business volatility. this has allowed us to create significant advantages that now support our growth. these include the followings: 1) brands the group views branding as a key element in growing man wahs business.
we have established cheers as the market leader in prcs reclining sofa sector with a 16.2% market share. the management has engaged a global branding consultancy firm, ogilvy & mather (hong kong) private limited, to help the group in creating a world- class prc brand. to better promote our brand in china, we have also retained mr sun hong lei, a leading movie star in prc, as our brand 
in addition, our mattress division is also committed in growing our premium enlanda brand in china while our land brand is also gaining popularity for its wood-based 
2) capacity with the completion of our furniture manufacturing facility in huizhou in 2007, our capacity has expanded to 516,000 sofa units per annum which allows our company to expand our export sales and prc domestic retail presence.
we have plans to expand the huizhou facilitys capacity to 816,000 sofa units per annum 
we have also started works on a 300,000 sofa units production capacity facility in wujiang, jiangsu province,
which will help to expand our marketing reach and to reduce logistics expenses. we are also exploring opportunities in the northern china market.
3) distribution channel fy2010 also saw the group accelerating its retail expansion plans in china to cater to a strong growing demand for cheers and enlanda products in china.
as our cheers brand grew stronger in china, the group targeted to set up another 25 flagship stores in strategic locations across china to provide our customers with a more pleasant shopping environment and to enhance customers satisfaction.
fy2011 a year of 
it is not possible to move on from fy2010 without reflecting on the terrible economic besetting europe, raising the prospects of another global recession. while this episode has brought out the doomsayers in full force, the group tends to think positively and evaluate the opportunities that lie ahead of us.
the groups management believes that many of the factors that have allowed the group to grow successfully in the past will continue to persist in fy2011. we plan to continue to follow on our strategies that have brought us success throughout these years. our focus is on long-term growth sustainability and our plans are to attend to all tasks meticulously to achieve this growth growth in revenue, growth in ebitda, growth in net profit, and most importantly, growth in shareholder value.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to all the staff for their loyalty and contributions to the group during the past year. i would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders, bankers and business associates for their support and trust. the group will continue to build on our core competence to strengthen our 
let us toast to the bright prospects of man wah holdings limited.

wong man li

man wah holdings limited
