on behalf of the board of directors of man wah holdings limited (man wah or the company), i am pleased to present the audited annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 march 2012 (fy2012).

in 2011, despite of numerous disadvantages from the external economic environment, the group managed to maintain a stable growth of sales in each major market.
for the overseas market, the group had enhanced its cooperation with large retail customers, as well as explored new retail customers. due to the european debt crisis, european customers considered more on price-performance products. in this situation, by fully taking advantage on its competitiveness of cost efficiency and research and development (r&d), the group turned risks into opportunities, and kept itself growing in unfavorable market conditions. in the imm cologne (an international furniture show in cologne) held in january 2012, the group received orders of more than us$4 million. furthermore, the group received new export orders worth more than us$5.4 million on dongguan international furniture exhibition held in march 2012. all above facts show that our products are well received by the overseas market. currently, we provide our products to retailers from over 50 countries and regions. recently, our export sales increased month by month. particularly in march 2012, the export of the group achieved record high in the number of shipping containers with 2,900 forty-foot equivalent unit (feu). orders from european and asian countries had undergone more rapid growth.
as for chinese market, the group took market opportunities under the direction of control policies implemented by the central government over the property market and achieved a satisfactory growth. in expanding the sales network, the group opened 82 new stores and as at 31 march 2012, a total of 742 retail stores were in operation in the prc. in the internet area, we fully realized the importance of utilizing the new sales channel and we have officially opened the internet platform to sell sofa products since july 2011, which shows a growing trend so far.
as for internal operations, the group was still under the large pressure of rising cost of raw material and labor. to tackle this problem, the group continued to optimize internal operation efficiency and minimize the impact from the rise of 
in the coming year, our overseas market are having both challenges and opportunities. on the one hand, comparing with the us and european manufacturers, our products are highly competitive because of the lower cost, on the other hand, we are still facing the uncertainty of economic conditions. recently, orders from overseas had been growing and we expect that the shipping volume in april 2012 and may 2012 will further improve following march 2012. in the new financial year, the group will put more effort on customers service and constantly research and develop new products to meet the diversified requirements of customers. in response to changes in overseas market, the group will introduce more kinds of fabric sofa to increase its market share. the group intends to expand new customers by further exploring the european, african and asian (other than prc) markets which formerly have a low contribution to sales. local sales teams will be gradually established as a strong support for the group to take the market opportunities in different countries.
in the mainland market, considering the large number of government subsidized housing will be completed in the coming year, and being well aware of that famous brand furniture has rather low market share in most small-medium cities in mainland china, we have formally introduced new series of products focusing on fabrics sofa. furthermore, new stores will be opened continually, especially in third and fourth tier cities where government subsidized housing are extensively being constructed. in addition, more resources will be invested in building the internet sales platform, including inventing more new products suitable for selling on the internet and expanding the existing internet sales channels.
in terms of production capacity expansion, the group will complete the construction of new factory in wujiang in june 2012, which will commence mass production in july 2012. the groups production capacity will be increased to 1,116,000 sets from 816,000 sets at present.
going forward, the group will strive to pursuit more space to increase internal operation efficiency and reinforce its ability in responding to outside changes.

on behalf of the board, i would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt thanks to all the staff for their loyalty and contributions to the group during the fy2012. i would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders and business associates for their support and trust. the group will continue to strive for strengthening our core competence and securing a leading position among reclining sofa producers around the world.
wong man li

man wah holdings limited
