i am pleased to present on behalf of the board the annual report of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016.
to address the complex economic situation and marketplace, the group made proactive moves to adapt to the new normal status of economic development in 2016 by holding onto market opportunities and expanding the operation scale of its main business through merger and acquisitions. meanwhile, by stepping up on integration and making structural adjustment, our organisational structure was enhanced and resource allocation was optimised. resorting to a double-edged approach featuring both capital-intensive operation and excellence in operation, we persisted in prudent progress, innovation and transformation with the primary aim of strengthening our principal business, while improving our mechanism for achieving stable growth and implementing multiple measures to overcome various hurdles. as a result, the groups international competitiveness and brand influence achieved further improvements.
during 2016, the group realised revenue of approximately rmb17.01 billion, representing an increase of approximately 39.5% as compared to the same period of last year. ebitda of the group amounted to approximately rmb4.12 billion, representing an increase of approximately 21.2% as compared to the same period of last year. profit attributable to shareholders of the company amounted to approximately rmb758 million, representing a decrease of approximately 12.4%, which was mainly attributable to the decrease in asset yields as compared to the same period of last year. the board has proposed a final dividend of rmb8.0 cents (inclusive of tax) for the year 2016, representing an increase of approximately 23.1% as compared to the same period of last 
achieving a new phase for international
development through merger and acquisition
in tandem with integration
during the reporting period, the group seized upon rare market opportunities arising in the international and domestic markets, achieving a new phase in our advancement of our global business deployment and multinational operations. in 2016, the closing of the groups acquisitions of plateno group and vienna hotels further improved and consolidated the industry position of jin jiang hotels. the successful completion of the acquisition projects of gdl, plateno group and vienna hotels signalled the significant expansion of the scale of hotels of the group and a new stage of our internationalisation.
as at the end of 2016, the group owned or managed about 6,000 hotels which were in operation in the world with a total of approximately 600,000 guest rooms in 67 countries across the globe. our offering of hotel rooms was ranked 5th among hotel groups in the world. moreover, the group had also about 1,800 hotels under development with approximately 190,000 guest rooms projected.
in accordance with the principle of keeping basic elements unchanged, integrating back offices and complementing comparative advantages for co-development, the group systematically proceeds with its general integration in an orderly manner to realise synergies and complementary effects in further pursuit for the business layout in line with the one belt one road and brand internationalisation.
new progress achieved in our double-edged
approach featuring both application of capital and excellent operations
the group focused on enhancing our quality and efficiency as well as excellence in operation, as hotel operation and asset management were steadily strengthened. we strive for expanding our room for development and further our brand upgrade by innovative marketing strategies, identifying new operation projects and tapping into market potential. significant results were achieved in our furtherance of asset structure adjustment, business transformation and personnel deployment, raising our asset efficiency and shareholders interests.
during the reporting period, the private placing of jin jiang hotels development was completed for an additional issue size of approximately rmb4.5 billion, which further optimised our capital structure and the ability of repaying debts, improving our financial conditions. meanwhile, the group actively endeavours to excel at its capital management in connection with interest rate and exchange rate, making optimising allocations to our capital structure based on market conditions and our development requirements.
further improving our organisational
structure and making breakthroughs in our

during the reporting period, the group further improved its corporate governance and management systems as a listed company by establishing the executive committee and global hotel management committee of the board. jin jiang gdl asia co.* ( ) was established as part of the construction of a highly efficient, synergy-inducing operation 
a platform of shared economy based on mobile network was built such that resource integration and capability upgrade were expedited, driving the convergence of domestic and international hotel systems. in particular, we invested in the establishment of wehotel, and the new version of wehotels app jin jiang trip ( ) was launched, which further integrated memberships and the booking system.
corporate strategies and outlook for future

looking forward to 2017, there are uncertainties in the global economy and the external circumstances attending the development of hotel and tourism industry. nevertheless, with the introduction and implementation of government policies to promote the development of the tourism industry, as well as the stimulating effect of projects including shanghai disneyland, broad prospects for future development still hold out for chinas hotel and tourism industry. the group will seize any opportunities and actively address any challenges that might 
the group will adopt a philosophy of development emphasising innovation, coordination, eco-friendliness and sharing in line with the 13th five year plan planning, further entrench the supply-side reform, step up with the development of its core business and establish the jin jiang brand by seeking growth with prudence. we will seek to improve our management standard and core competitiveness by learning from the expertise and experience of our foreign partners and leveraging the strategy of setting up international businesses while introducing foreign experiences to the domestic operations. we will also further advance our domestic as well as international business deployment and optimize our ability in multinational 
in the upcoming year, the establishment process of jin jiang gdl asia co.* will be accelerated by the group with a particular focus on making progress in the upgrading of brand rankings and ensuring the achievement of development targets.
we will also speed up the construction of wehotel and build a shared financial and procurement platform with a view to making advances in supply chain integration. a new session of exchange and training programmes for staff will be implemented in order to facilitate the establishment of the management system for performance excellence and to enhance our quality and efficiency in a comprehensive manner.
the group will seize the opportunity presented by the reform of state-owned assets to enhance its development towards a market-oriented corporation. we will advance reforms of our mechanisms and regimes and explore the innovation and transformation of business and service models compatible with the age of new economy, while optimising our market-based remuneration regime and incentive and restraint mechanism.
the group will leverage on our strengths in specialisation, in a bid to foster a modern tourism service industry chain centered on hotels and shared economic platforms. we will continue to improve the asset liquidity and adjust our structure to further increase our overall asset return and enterprise value.
last but not least, i would like to express my sincere gratitude to all employees for the invaluable contributions they made to the group. i would also like to take this opportunity to thank all shareholders, investors and the public for their longstanding support of the group. we pledge to continue to work with our shareholders in a concerted effort, with a view to enhancing the value of the company and delivering sound rewards for all.

shanghai, the prc 29 march 2017 