the penetration and development of internet into different social and economical areas has brought to us more specialised and refined social division of labour, as well as the prevalence and application of information technology such as artificial intelligence and big data. the development of intelligent trading begins to surpass e-commerce which is basically mature, crossing the retail consumer-end, and extends deeply into the supply side and the business supply chain with an inexorable momentum.
the intelligent trading era will present three main characteristics: the upcoming mass adoption of technologies in trading, such as artificial intelligence, big data and internet of things; the arrival of the industrial internet era; and the emergence of the ecological chain era with clusters of coordinated development. in this new wave, physical enterprises equipped with complete supply chains and service chains will have an irreplaceable firstmover 
based on such judgements, last year in april, we clearly put forward the strategic transformation objective of constructing an ecosphere for the groups intelligent trading and planned our development path: develop a cloud market trading and service system combining online and offline businesses on the foundation of physical markets, logistics and properties and take the opportunity of zall cloud market, and cross-border trading, customer-end business, integrated logistics and financial services are actively promoted to form the worlds largest intelligent trading platform and database.
over the past year, we have unswervingly advanced our goal and basically brought the ecosphere of the groups intelligent trading into being.
i) a solid and stable infrastructure on the foundation of online and offline integrated wholesale trading platform of consumer goods has been constructed. north hankou international trade centre was approved as the only national pilot market for procurement trade in central and western china, with further improvement in its number of merchants and trading volume; tianjin e-commerce mall has eased the non-core functions of the capital by expediting its absorption of merchants from market relocations including the beijing zoo clothing wholesale market. leveraged on the foundation and advantage of the ever-growing physical wholesale market of properties, customers, logistics and data, and through platforms such as zallgo, zallsoon and zallfuhui under the wuhan zall cloud market group co., ltd., we quickly achieved the online transformation of wholesale trading for merchants by providing logistics, warehousing and other comprehensive value-added services. over the past year, zallgo has become chinas largest integrated online and offline wholesale trading platform, standing among the top-ranked e-commerce providers, with coverage over 20 cities across the nation, more than 110,000 merchants and an annual transaction amount of approximately rmb50 billion.ii) an open and efficient trading platform has been built. since 2016, through intensive cross-regional and cross-industry mergers and acquisitions, the group has become the largest shareholder of lightinthebox holding co., ltd. (lightinthebox), a cross-border e-commerce platform, and acquired shenzhen sinoagri e-commerce co., ltd. (shenzhen sinoagri), the largest e-commerce company of agricultural products in china. the group has built the core of a vibrant intelligent commercial trading ecosystem with abundant trading transactions, and entered into the rank of the hundred-billion yuan enterprises in industrial 
iii) a maturing service chain has been formed. in june 2016, the group acquired three companies under harvest capital and established zall financial services group limited (zall financial services group).
a supply chain financial services portfolio comprising jia16, zalljinfuand zhong bong financial leasingwas formed to provide comprehensive financial services such as leasing, insurance, credit investigation and payment for merchants in the ecosphere. the group set up 5 supply chain management companies including zhuoyitong , north hankou import export services co., ltd. and zall heng supply chain management (wuhan) co., ltd. (wuhan zall heng) successively to provide merchants with wholesale distribution, import and export and other supply chain management services. with the global logistics business launched by zallsoon and lantingzhitong , the trading platform is provided with strong support and services through a complete, efficient and convenient service chain.
we will continue to extend our trading platform vertically to become the national leading trading platform, to cover the areas of non-ferrous metals and grain and oil products, linking and connecting to the groups various trading platforms and service chains to form a global intelligent industrial trading platform over the internet with transaction amount reaching the trillion yuan mark.
the intelligent trading platform is taking effect, bringing opportunities in logistics and finance. the efficient operation and open extension of the trading platform have brought together a large number of real transactions, with the commercial effects being gradually released. we identify real, effective and controllable quality trading and assets from hundreds of billions of transactions in the online-offline combined trading ecosystem, and provide them with financial, logistics, warehousing and other services for profits. this process forms the profit model for our internet business. at present, zallsoon, an intelligent logistics service platform, and zall financial services group, which mainly engages in supply chain finance, are showing rapid growth and good profitability. they are fostering and stimulating a leading brand in the emerging refined segments.
in 2016, zallsoons total number of orders for the year reached 3 million, with average number of daily orders in excess of 30,000. zallsoon is integrating the intra-city, inter-city and customer-end freight logistics services through organic growth, in order to quickly build up our economies of scale and technical barriers. the objective is to achieve a daily volume of 1 million orders, building the largest internet logistics platform in china, and to become the most outstanding player in the industry. zall financial services group is committed to meeting the financing needs of merchants on the platform, and has helped its customers in raising funds of over rmb4.3 billion in total. with access to the groups trading ecosystem, zall financial services group selects high-quality counterparties in trading using intelligent technologies such as big data and cloud computing, and further explores into the supply chain financing service, in order to achieve a substantial growth in revenue.
the supply chain management business, with its foundation set on the trading platform, will become a new business growth point. since the second half of 2016, we have commenced supply chain management and value-added services by successively establishing a number of companies, which include zall commerce supply chain (wuhan) co., ltd., wuhan zall heng, zhenjiang joy supply chain management co., ltd.
(zhenjiang joy), hong kong joy resources investment co., ltd. (hong kong joy) and wuhan zall agriculture supply chain management co., ltd. (wuhan zall agriculture). a full range of supply chain management services including planning and design, procurement agency, inventory warehousing management, fund settlement and information systems are provided to customers in relevant industries. the customers are also supported in the improvement of their supply chains and capital operation efficiency in order to reduce operating costs. the sales revenue from supply chain management is growing rapidly with its scale reaching billion yuan.
we believe, for any business to develop into the end market, it needs a service chain as a facilitator. when people are connecting their experience, pain points and ip ports to the end market, enormous business opportunities arise from the business starting point to the end market, resulting in a huge, long-term demand for services in the supply chains. we will then further explore the supply chain management business, and expand product varieties, customer base and service types, to provide integrated services such as properties, logistics, warehousing, freight logistics and financing, with the objective to achieve significant growth in scale and reach tens of billion yuan in business volume.
with the intricate interconnections between the physical economy and the internet, online and offline businesses often develop alternately and interdependent. as a natural o2o enterprise transformed from the physical trading logistics industry, the group has a unique business philosophy of integrating online and offline businesses.
no matter how the online business and offline business evolve, how they compete and fluctuate or which one prevails, the group will always have competitive advantage. as such, combining the online and offline advantages to achieve synergy is our unique competitive edge.
we will continue to maintain the offline advantage of the two mega wholesale markets, hankou north international trade centre in the south and tianjin e-commerce mall in the north, such that tens of thousands of active wholesalers can form a trading group of sustainable prosperity, and become an anchor and source of vitality for the healthy development and innovative transformation of the ecosphere of the groups intelligent trading. we will hold firm to the foundation of the physical market and persist with our o2o and b2b positioning. through informatization, intelligentization and globalization of business transactions, we are committed to improving users trading experience and reducing trading costs, and nurturing the most advanced and the largest super trading ecosystem. from here, we will stand tall on a brand new platform with redefined commercial trading and become an outstanding enterprise which leads the future development industrial internet in china.

hong kong, 31 march 2017 