in 2016, chinas gross domestic product growth rate decelerated to 6.7%. the economic slowdown weighed on people from different walks of life. in 2016, the chinese government started its 13th five-year plan with the policy of stimulating the economy with investment in national infrastructure projects. during the year, the chinese government continued to press on with the plan of sponge city and action plan for prevention and control of water pollution for better water management to ensure the safety of water supply and reduce water pollution. meanwhile, the chinese government accelerated shantytown renovation and redevelopment of dilapidated housing. such domestic projects would definitely boost the demand for plastic pipes and pipe fittings.
being a sizeable industrial group producing building materials and interior decoration products, china lesso has taken advantage of its economies of scale and capitalised on the state policies and construction programmes. as a result, the group achieved remarkable results for the year.
during the year, the group achieved a steady increase in terms of sales revenue, market expansion and key performance indicators despite the mounting downward pressure on chinas economy. the groups revenue increased by 12.8% to rmb17,221 million in 2016 from rmb15,264 million in 2015. gross profit rose by 16.4% to rmb4,582 million, and profit attributable to owners of the company grew by 18.6% to rmb1,922 million. the board proposed a final dividend of hk15 cents per share for the year ended 31 december 
during the year, the group continued to solidify its business presence in southern china, where it derived most of its revenue, and proactively enhanced its market penetration in other regions of the country. meanwhile, the group has been pressing on with its plan to accelerate the automation and scale up its production at its production bases to improve overall production efficiency.
the newly established production base in shandong commenced operation in the first half of 2016 and upgraded its existing production facilities so that the groups total production capacity has been further enhanced.
in the meantime, china lesso further developed the business of building materials and interior decoration products. during the year, the gradual recovery of domestic property market in mainland china and the central governments urbanisation policy stimulated the demand for building materials and interior decoration products. to capture the opportunity, the group diversified into new product lines. the synergy between such new businesses and the groups businesses of existing product lines boosted the sales revenue effectively. to capitalise on the chinese governments environmental protection initiatives, the group adopted a strategic plan to enter the environmental protection business through acquisitions and cooperation with environmental protection service 
in addition, the group continued to develop the business of lesso mall, a diversified and dedicated e-commerce platform which featured an online-to-offline business model. during the year, the group refined its strategy for operating lesso mall and established strategic partnerships with local distributors and business partners.
meanwhile, the group has also set up chain stores in the country to expand its domestic sales network. the group believes that lesso mall will evolve into a major growth driver in the future.
in the face of the worlds challenging business environment in 2016, the group was able to achieve steady growth in revenue, meeting the markets expectations. the achievement was attributable to the groups sustainable business development and progressive expansion of its product lines. by adopting strategic moves in both its existing and new businesses, the group successfully expanded the scope of its business in both domestic and overseas markets, and consolidated its brand image and reputation. as a result, the group met the targets for growth in revenue and profit during the year.
in 2017, chinas business environment is expected to be complicated and plagued by numerous uncertainties. in order to adapt to the frequent changes in the market, the group will proactively explore the possibility of diversifying its business further so as to fully capitalise on the government initiatives that can benefit the industry. the group is determined to expand its production capacity by upgrading its existing production bases in order to enhance its overall efficiency and facility utilisation rate. it will also try to raise efficiency through automation at its production bases. meanwhile, the group will continue to upgrade its information system and foster the development of lesso mall so that it can extend its footprint in both domestic and overseas 
china lesso celebrated the 30th anniversary of its establishment in 2016, and i would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and all the staff members for their commitment and dedication to the group. the group will continue to fulfill its mission of improving urban quality of life by providing the market with innovative and high quality household building products. we will capitalise on chinas economic reform and rising consumption demand to drive the groups business development for the long-term. this will enable us to achieve better results and create greater value for customers, investors and shareholders. china lesso is determined to scale new heights in the next 30 years! wong luen hei

hong kong, 6 march 2017 