in 2013, we were certain that the property industry had entered its silver age. such judgement had increasingly gained wider acceptance during the market adjustment in 2014. however, when the market recovered in 2015, what was the implication? do we need to change our view? no. we stick to our belief. undoubtedly, we saw a general rebound in the transaction amount in major cities in 2015; we saw rapid upsurge in property prices in certain cities, and we even saw land price in individual cities rise to an astounding level. yet we should not neglect the fact that many more cities were still in the process of clearing their 
dwelling-to-household ratio (the number of fully furbished residential units with kitchen, toilet and bathroomthe number of resident households) is a common international standard to measure the adequacy of dwelling stock. it is generally regarded that the market is at equilibrium when dwelling-to-household ratio is 1.1. at the end of 2014, out of the 49 relatively developed cities in china where vanke has a presence, there were 12 1 cities with the dwelling- to-household ratio less than 1, eight 2 cities with the ratio greater than 1 but not more than 1.1, and 29 3 cities with the ratio greater than 1.1.
if dwelling-to-household ratio of a city is greater than 1.1, that means the city must slow down the growth rate of its new housing development, to allow time for growth in population and emergence of new households. as such, it made sense for the floor area of new construction started of commodity housing continued to decline in 2014 and 2015.
this was the necessary process in inventory depletion.
if what we saw in the residential market was variation within the segment, then the situation in the commercial and office property sector was more extreme. in the us, where the service industry was extremely well developed, the accumulated inventory of commercialoffice area was 4 sq.m. per capita. but in the five-year period from 2011 to 2015 alone, among the 40 4 relatively developed cities in china, there were only nine cities left with less than 4 sq.m.
per capita of commercialoffice floor area newly available for sale: beijing and shenzhen with less than 1 sq.m., shanghai, dongguan and chongqing with less than 2 sq.m., guangzhou, tianjin, wenzhou and foshan with less than 4 sq.m.. this together with the impact of the internet and e-commerce retail on the traditional retail sector had led to a general oversupply in the traditional commercialoffice 
the urbanization in china is far from over. in the next 10 years, the urban population in china is expected to increase by 170 million, which will create enormous demand for housing and associated services. the next phase of city dwellers migration mainly comprises post-90s and post-2000s generations. unlike their parents who are known as farmers- turned-workers, these city dwellers and their families are settled down in the city. compared with their parents, they enjoy better living conditions in their childhood and receive higher education. the mobile internet age has become part of their life and knowledge. as a result, the increase in demand for houses and jobs, as well as living requirements from these city dwellers will be a totally different landscape from those of the past.
in developed countries, it is quite common that income for blue collar technical workers exceed the ordinary white collar workers. it is believed that china is no exception. in future, the huge number of families of new city dwellers, in the short run, may be daunted by the expensive property price in first-tier cities. however, with the growing sophistication of the rail transit network, various cities and towns that spread across megalopolises could be suitable as their new homes.
they may not, in the short term, be able to pay for the down payment to realise their dream of becoming a home owner, but the declining interest rate may render them to a better living conditions than those of their parents, initially through 
however, we do not need to be over-pessimistic. we believe the silver age still represents an era of prosperity.
following the end of the golden age of traditional property development, there are massive emerging demands for properties awaiting to be satisfied.
the states gradual slipping into an era of aging population not only amplifies the challenge to economic development but also sparks new demands. as at the end of 2015, the population aged 65 and over in china amounted to 144 million, representing 10.5% of the total population. it is expected that the states elderly population will reach 200 million by 2025. according to the elderly market development in the us, the healthcare sector accounted for 10% of the total gdp and elderly care accounted for 10% of the healthcare sector, and the market size of retirement communities was similar to that of elderly care. if chinas gdp maintains a growth rate of 7%, it is expected that, by 2023, the chinese elderly care services and retirement communities will each generate market opportunities worth 
in 2014, chinas e-commerce penetration rate (11%) had exceeded that of the us (10 %). on the one hand, the rapid development of e-commerce undoubtedly puts traditional commercial property under huge pressure, but on the other hand, it also provides enormous room for development of logistics property. at present, the modern warehousing area per capita in china is only 10% of that of the us.
in the real estate service sector, single-service providers of traditional property management and agency services are evolving into provision of comprehensive lifestyle services.
according to the report of china property management association, there was approximately 16.5 billion sq.m. of property management area in the states 31 provincial cities and autonomous regions in 2014, representing an increase of 13.5% from that of 2012. on the other hand, customers are also extending their requirements from professional services such as cleaning, maintenance and security to community ancillary facilities such as cafeteria, fitness centre, childcare and laundry, as well as home economics, housing trust and agency services for leasing and sale, and other value-added services for community life in the mobile internet age, such as increasingly popular car sharing, skills sharing, community financing services, etc.
china is still in an initial stage of development in real estate finance, thus allowing ample room for imagination. in the us, the reits market expanded tremendously since the 1980s. as of the end of 2015, the us reits total market value reached us$939 billion, which was 122 times of that in 1985. from 1972 to 2015, the compound annual return for equity reits in the us was 12%, while the annual returns of nasdaq and dow jones industrial average for the period were 8.86% and 6.99% respectively. in future, the size of securitized assets in china will significantly surpass those in the us. this is a huge and untapped sector.
the reform on the supply-side is a general direction for chinas future economic development. in the property sector, reform should focus on the development of effective supply, promotion of transformation and innovation, and satisfaction of new demands, as well as replacing property + steel and cement with property + service. international experience showed that when an economy reached its mature stage, the pivotal position of the property industry in the economy would be further entrenched, rather than weakened, as a result of generation of associated services.
according to the statistics of the organisation for economic co-operation and development, the direct contribution of the property sector to gdp in major developed countries worldwide from 2009 to 2014 was 10.9% on average (approximately 5.8% in china at present). when combining with the contribution from upstream and downstream of the industrial chain, the total contribution amounted to almost 20% of gdp (approximately 13.8% in china at present). with the blessing of proper policy guidance, the various industry segments under property + service may have the potential to generate investment and revenue of over a trillion dollars.
their aggregate amount would have the effect of doubling the size of the property sector.
the concentration level of these new emerging industry segments may significantly exceed that of the property development sector. should any leading enterprise in the property industry are able to seize the opportunity for transformation, it would discover a much broader field for it to manoeuvre. based on this belief, vanke explicitly put forth in its new 10-year plan that it has to transform from a residential property developer to an integrated urban property service provider.
in 2015, improvements in vankes operating results and capability had been encouraging. to the company, brand premium brought along by the quality housing + quality services had proved to be more valuable than realising a sales amount of rmb260 billion. since the launch of the co- investment policy a year ago, the company had not only found itself among the best companies in the industry in terms of cost and expenses management, but also achieved satisfactory results in project development. despite the adverse situation resulting from obvious overheat land market in certain areas, vanke acquired sufficient amount of land lots in 2015. more importantly, none of these projects pose high risk to the companys operations nor are there any supreme land lots where the cost per sq.m. would be higher than the expected selling price.
however, the vanke management should not be complacent about its achievement. the companys effective transformation would be more meaningful than maintaining successful traditional operations. vanke management needs to demonstrate that they are the best in the industry. to uphold our professional dignity, we need not only to prove our ability in all aspects of our traditional business, but should also be able to be the first management team to find the way forward in the silver age.
exploring a new path into the future will be harder than in the arena that we are familiar with. in the face of increasing uncertainties, we have to be more committed, and we need to rely more on our wisdom, and our shareholders support is indispensable for the cause.
once again, i would like to extend my gratitude to shareholders for their decision and trust. the future can be bright and promising, and it is going to be determined by all 
