for property developers in china, the market boom in 2016 was not something to be taken lightly. sometimes, there is not a fine line between content and disquiet. the total sales volume in chinas real estate market reached record high during the year. however, is this really something worth 
one should pay attention to the fact that the heating up of property markets in major cities is not as drastic as that in land transactions. property prices overtaken by land premium has become a common phenomenon rather than a rare case. this puts developers in a dilemma of acquiring expensive land lots to bear operational risk in the future or being forced out of the market due to lack of land bank.
it is for the aforementioned reasons we welcomed the states introduction of specific austerity measures in certain overheated cities in october 2016. we believe this round of austerity measures was timely and absolutely necessary.
allowing overheated market to moderately cool down would undoubtedly benefit healthy enterprises that are keen on 
housing is for accommodation is a simple common sense that we all should understand. however, learning from lessons of most developed countries, it is almost unavoidable for housing to be treated as an object of investment. particularly following waves after waves of real estate price upsurge, we, as market participants, would easily lose our track of objective in front of temptation. if people could easily make money by holding assets, would we still be able to persist with our dedication to create true 
all along, china vanke has been insisting on building quality housing for ordinary people, developing premises for accommodation. we firmly believe that property development should be back to its basics of offering houses for accommodation. in the face of yet another state of market euphoria, it is imperative for us to remember our initial motive for entering the industry.
we must always bear in mind that no matter whatever changes in the external environment, providing customers with better products and services is an utmost important mission for vanke as an enterprise.
according to neutral forecast and based on actual urbanization rate measured by population with household registration, our country has room for further urbanization by over 20 percentage points. with the implementation of the new urbanization strategy, nearly 200 million of new-generation rural migrants will shed the temporary migrant status of their parents, and become permanent urban residents. most of these new urban residents will concentrate in developed conurbation with better employment opportunities. therefore, in areas with influx of population, shortage of housing will continue in the short term. our offering of good houses, good services, good neighbourhood still have promising market potential.
it is our obligation to provide new urban residents with quality housing and ancillary services. however, faced with rising land costs, how are we going to supply the market with affordable residence for new urban residents? we certainly understand that this is not a task that can be accomplished by a single enterprise; however, this should not be an excuse for our inactivity.
we still have ample opportunities to make capable c o n t r i b u t i o n t o t h e a f o r e s a i d s c e n a r i o . t h e railway+property development model is the first direction we should strive to adhere to. as demonstrated by the development process of densely populated metropolises such as tokyo and hong kong, the transit-oriented urban development model (tod) with an emphasis on public transportation can effectively link up surrounding towns and megalopolises, to increase the effective supply of housing in core conurbations, and to reduce living costs. according to estimates by relevant authorities, by 2020, the total mileage of urban rail transit in china is expected to nearly double the level in 2015. this will provide a large number of new urban households with opportunities for settling down through home purchase at prices affordable by their income levels.second, by actively participating in the development of rental housing market, we can supply more affordable housing to new urban residents. rental housing is the major tool for metropolis to resolve the housing issue of new urban residents. take the example of conurbations such as new york, tokyo and london; the proportion of rental housing is 56%, 54% and 50%, respectively. in 2016, the state council promulgated the opinions on accelerating the cultivation and development of rental housing market and the proposal for pushing forward the household registration of 100 million non-registered residents in urban areas, with a key emphasis on the importance of rental housing in resolving housing issue of urban residents. as an important player of the real estate industry, we should definitely respond proactively to the state policies.
in addition to housing itself, we should also notice that, with changing consumer attitude of the younger generation and the emergence of the internet era, there exists an enormous demand for urban ancillary services which has yet to be fulfilled. emerging real estate and services in areas of elderly service, logistics, education, resort, and new-start business are just in their infant stage. the aggregate volume of the aforementioned emerging businesses is equivalent to creating another real estate sector. as evidenced by the experience of developed countries, when the economies become mature, the pivotal position and economic contribution of the real estate industry in a broad sense will not be lessened due to abundant supply; on the contrary, it will be further strengthened by the emergence of various 
we continue to see a promising prospect. our abilities to capture the aforementioned opportunities depend on our expertise and our ability to minimise resource consumption, in order to create maximum real value for the society. we are grateful to be in an era of ample opportunities, and are honoured to be able to embrace a brand new future together with our shareholders.
