vanke celebrates its 30th anniversary in 2014. let us welcome the next decade and celebrate the last. yet, we cannot simplify the companys evolution using a 10-year cycle model. unlike the decennials weve celebrated, the one beginning in 2014 is crucial for us as it raises the question, what will the future bring us and where are we heading? its a question we had never taken so seriously until 2014.
the world around us is changing drastically. as the real estate industry shifts from the golden age to the silver age, mobile internet technologies are revolutionizing the way the corporate world moves. our planet is changing rapidly, and so is the success paradigm we have long relied on.apparently, its time to rethink our approach to success.
the silver age: from vision to a vague reality whats the vision for silver age and how long will it last? we tried to answer that question through a 2014 study on global property values, which examined 27 economies with relatively complete statistics (namely ireland, austria, australia, belgium, denmark, germany, france, finland,
south korea, the netherlands, canada, luxemburg, malaysia, the u.s., south africa, norway, portugal, japan, sweden, switzerland, thailand, spain, hong kong, new
zealand, italy, the uk and taiwan) over a period of 40 years.
over the last four decades, all 27 economies except germany have reported 100-plus percent cumulative growth in house prices, including growth in prices of more than 500% (12 cases) and 1,000% (5 cases). 14 out of 61 recorded cases of upsurge in prices were followed by a precipitous tumble. japan is the only region where house prices have kept falling for 20 years with no signs of letup. we identified predictive indicators for differentiating between the 14 upsurges that preceded downward price movements and the 47 that didnt, and then developed a price trend forecast for china to draw a conclusion.
with relative optimism, we concluded that chinese house prices will not drop precipitously in the silver age and the residential development sector will remain a huge and sustainable one. however, rapid surges in house prices or fast, industry-wide expansions will not be common as before.
that means, despite our consistent focus on residential properties, we must finish exploring new business opportunities and establishing a new business model in the coming decade, so as to achieve satisfactory growth and lay a foundation for the second 10-year development.
a new service is developed in a three-stage process. the top priority in the first stage, characterized by a growth from 0 to 1, is building a persuasive business model; the second stage, characterized by a growth from 1 to 10, depends on verifying the reproducibility of past successes; in the third stage, which is marked by a steady expansion from 10 to 100, the key is improvement on operational efficiency and competitiveness in a continued pursuit of development potential and rewards.
in the next three years, the main objective of vankes new business is to identity the 1, or 1. s.
the age of mobile internet: what changes and

business opportunities are available so long as there is a market economy. in other words, there are countless 1s out there and all well-funded casual investors can find their 1s effortlessly, although it takes time to find the truly suitable ones that meet their respective needs.
our 2014 efforts in developing new services will be based on two evaluation criteria. first of all, the new service must embody vankes strengths or potential and match the corporate dna, structural characteristics, customer base and competitive advantages. secondly, it should reflect vankes growth prospects in accordance with, and not against, the mobile internet trends.
vankes management team spent the last two years visiting several internet companies or leading firms that have received much attention in the mobile internet age, hoping to find out through dialogue, self-learning and reasoning what changes and what stays constant as we embrace the 
we realized being nice to customers, the timeless maxim in the corporate world, would become even more relevant in the mobile internet age. this is because the enhanced information symmetry and transparency makes shopping around so much easier for buyers, generating a higher level of competition.this in turn calls for more competitive products and services that attract customers.
there are three dimension of the mobile internet ages impact on the real estate sector: in the first or residential property dimension, our customers will be concerned with not only the house, but also the services relevant to housing experiences and community- building interactions with neighbors.
regarding the consumer properties dimension, e-commerce poses a severe threat to conventional retailers, leaving more and more physical malls replaced by next- generation shopping centers that are focused on hands-on experiences and displays. meanwhile, youngsters seeking for more enriching lives will fuel the demand for diversified vacation experiences, rather than homogeneous tourism 
as for industrial real estate, the emerging maker culture, smes and micro businesses would become the major driving force behind chinas economic growth. there is a need to completely revamp and modernize the logistic properties.
vankes next 10-year vision, therefore, can be summed up as a provider of 3 goods residences and integrated urban property services, with the latter expected to become as important as the former within 10 years.
a 3 goods residence consists of a good house, good services and good neighborhood. we will unleash the full potential of the internet by constantly matching the industrys and consumers latest definitions of, or criteria for, a superior housing experience, and eventually maintain and expand our status as a competitive housing provider. we are firmly convinced that improved customer value will provide better rewards for shareholders. we are seeking an increase of return on investment (roi) that exceeds sales expansion while ensuring shareholders record-high roi. also, we plan to pay more cash dividends to shareholders as our capital 
as a provider of integrated urban property services, we will offer new types of properties according to mobile internet trends, instead of concentrating on conventional commercial real estate. we also plan to introduce businesses derived from our customer resources and competitive access to technologies or credit. this business integration policy will be further clarified over the next three years.
business partners: from joint creation to profit- sharing to joint liability in the silver age, with the residential real estate sectors profitability and roi declining towards the average level, what should we do to debunk stereotypes about corporate development and deliver a roi growth that exceeds the sales growth, while simultaneously delivering record-high rewards to shareholders? moreover, how can vanke, a company with more than 200 billion yuan rmb in annual sales, tackle the innovation dilemma typical of large enterprises and successfully launch new businesses with the kind of passion seen in a startup? the answer to those questions might be a systematic engineering effort, or more importantly, the business partnership scheme in which our confidence lies in.
our business partnership scheme is built on economic profit-based bonus plan. as one of chinas first companies to include economic profits in the core evaluation criteria, we realized that equity investments incur a cost much higher than that of debt capital. the economic profit after discounting opportunity cost of equity capital is the net value we have created for shareholders.
since the 2010 launch of economic profit-based bonus program, our fully diluted roi has risen over the years to 19.66% in 2012-2013 period, the highest in two decades.
our share price, nevertheless, has since fluctuated much and we realized that our shareholders expect us to attach equal importance to roe and share prices. while we cannot change preferences and volatility in the capital market, we can at least show shareholders that vankes management staff shares the same interests with them in terms of share 
we introduced in 2014 a business partner stock holding plan and a co-investment policy, treating our core staff as stakeholders alongside company shareholders. as we implement joint creation, profit-sharing and joint liability simultaneously, our management staff shares common interests with shareholders, which in turn gives the entire staff a better, more direct sense of operational soundness and enhances their dedication towards the company. in 2014, we were heartened to see our subsidiaries take a cautious approach towards investment; our employees make considerable innovations among other efforts to improve efficiency or reduce waste; employees started to pay attention to tasks beyond their scope of responsibilities.
such self-incentivisation and mutual-management between colleagues are more effective than any externally 
our business partnership scheme nurtures not only dedicated executives but entrepreneurial talent. after all, dedication and entrepreneurship matter more than anything else in the process of starting a business.
the program provides a significant foundation and safeguard either in terms of the efficiency and benefits of our existing operations, or innovations and exploration of new businesses. as a matter of fact, it may go down in history as a giant leap in business administration.
its truly an honor to embark on such a great journey, and the journey has only just begun.
