2017 will be a transformational year for mgm, our team of employees will double as will our scale and operation in macau. with almost twice the square footage of what we have at mgm macau, mgm cotais scale will allow us to develop what we are known for around the world with diversified 
2016 has been a year of stabilization and development both for the macau marketplace and for our company. macau gross gaming revenue finished with a slight decline of 3.3% from last year and reached hk$216.7 billion. importantly, the market showed improvement as the year went on with gross gaming revenue in the second half up 6% yearover-year.
mass gaming revenue was also a bright spot with estimated growth of 7% in 2016. the solid recovery in mass market allows us better footing as we prepare for the opening of mgm cotai in 2017.
mgm resorts international has shown its conviction in the long term opportunity of mgm china by investing in an incremental 4.95% of the company, taking its ownership to approximately 56%. we continue to believe in the future of the macau marketplace and are confident in ongoing success of mgm china as we expand into cotai in 2017.
at mgm macau we continue to manage costs and run our operations in a disciplined manner, whilst we are ramping up in preparation for the launch of mgm cotai. this discipline has allowed us to expand margins in a challenging and evolving marketplace. in 2016 mgm china adjusted ebitda margin improved by 290 basis points year-over-year to 30.1%.
we are adapting our business to current conditions.
strategically we are focused on driving revenue across the business with a focus on main floor customers, which is where we see the most opportunity. we are in the process of redesigning and refurnishing our main floor layout in mgm macau to improve traffic flow and operating efficiencies. we are diversifying our business by adding retail outlets and will open new and improved food and beverage outlets in 2017. beyond this, we are committed to continuing to bring exciting and memorable events to our property in support of the macau governments vision for diversification and developing the city as a world-class tourism destination.
mgm china continues to be recognized for its support of the local community, our team members and the environment. we have one of the best human resources teams in the region and this year we were recognized with five awards from the macau-based human resources magazine.
the company delivered nearly 270,000 hours of training in 2016, representing 45 hours for each team member, preparing for promotion and training of our staff leading up to the opening of mgm cotai. we grew our business with local small and medium sized enterprises by mop155 million.
our commitment to environmental sustainability was marked by the achievement of inclusion in the hang seng sustainability index for mgm china holdings limited. also mgm cotai was awarded with the china green building (macau) design label for making our property the largest ever to achieve this status.
2017 will be a transformational year for mgm, our team of employees will double as will our scale and operation in macau. with almost twice the square footage of what we have at mgm macau, mgm cotais scale will allow us to develop what we are known for around the world with diversified entertainment offerings. our theater will be a transformable space, the first of its kind in asia and the only one of its kind in the world at this size, offering a wide range of entertainment to draw visitors from around the world. our spectacle, situated at the heart of the resort, will be enriched with incredible experiential technology elements to wow our guests.
when completed, our new resort will provide a truly unique mgm experience with approximately 1,400 hotel rooms, up to 500 gaming tables and 1,500 slot machines. i am certain the opening of mgm cotai will bring never been seen before experiences to the visitors of macau.
we look forward to an extraordinary year for our company in 2017.
james j. murren

