while the second to the fifth production lines have formally commenced operation, the production capacity of polyester thin films now can reach 255,000 tons per year, and become the largest polyester thin film production enterprise in southern china.
to all shareholders, on behalf of the board (the board) of directors (the directors) of the company, i am pleased to present the results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016.
the global economic growth remained stable in 2016. the growth of developed economies in usa and european countries was stronger than expected, but the growth rate of emerging market economies continued to decline. with the support of the continuous stimulating policies, chinas economic growth rate kept the development momentum of maintaining stability while achieving a decent growth, making progress while maintaining stability. by adhering to the vision of aspiring to be the worlds premier supplier of consumer product materials, providing eco-friendly products for the public, the group continued to enhance the development of differentiated chemical fiber and functional environmentallyfriendly polyester thin film products.
for the polyester filament yarn industry, its supply and demand layout underwent significant changes in 2016. in particular, with the recovery of the differentiated polyester filament yarn industry in the second half of 2016, the price of polyester filament yarn went up steadily and the profit of the company had improved. on the other hand, production costs decreased due to the introduction of new technologies, and with the decrease in the market prices of our major raw materials, namely mono ethylene glycol (meg), the price of chemical fiber products decreased accordingly.
as t h e l a r g e st p o l y e st e r fi l a m e n t y a r n s manufacturer in southern china and chinas top 500 private enterprises, the group has all along been striving to the integration of differential and functional polyester filament with high quality to satisfy the demands of domestic and foreign brand enterprises, enhance the investment on brand building and increase the added values of our products and brands in order to develop and establish enterprise soft power. the group will facilitate its industry to achieve high-end upgrading from manufacturing to intelligent manufac turing by rel y ing on technology innovation and to realize the traditional industry transformation and upgrading to high efficiency with low consumption by virtue of the automatic equipment digital i zation, networking and modularization. the group will continue to adopt those equipment with more advanced technology to produce differentiated chemical fiber and functional environmentally-friendly polyester thin film products that are in strong demand and with special performance and functions, enhance new market expansion and integrate with national planning and policies for the chemical fiber industry and polyester thin film industry. the group will target at forging a flagship enterprise in the polyester new material industry, further sharpen its competitive edge.
the group has always paid attention to upstream resources, tracked and kept technologies for upstream raw materials, such as renewable materials, biodegradable materials, bio-based materials, etc, as well as raising the proportion of recyclable products. we were the first to realize the industrialization technologies of large capacity polyester trace additive modification, and the first to propose the applied in-situ polymerizing technologies in the industry to introduce large capacity polyester innovation in the industry, as well as on-line recycling of wasted filament and wasted film. such innovation put us in a leading position in the industry. in addition, by using lithium bromide, we have recycled polyester residual steam and were the first to carry out the spin heat medium electric heating boilers reengineering under own initiative, and stressed importance on eco-friendly and low-carbon development model while producing.
at the same time, the group is a demonstration base for energy conservation and emission reduction. through cooperation with jinjiang chuanghui photovoltaic power generation
company, we adopted the contract energy management model to construct a photovoltaic power plant with a capacity of 30mw, which can produce usable clean energy of 30 million kwh electricity every year and is energy-saving and cost-reducing. in addition, through collaboration with donghua university, we take the lead to establish a polyester fiber joint research and development center and talent training base in the industry. we endeavor to work together for the development of new polyester filament yarn products and technologies, of which, the jointly-developed technology of melt direct-spun polyester filament yarn spinning project analog computer system and process optimization has reached internationally 
as regards to market development, during the year, the group formulated its marketing str a t e g i e s b a s e o n p ro d u c t q u a l it y a n d personalized quality services. with a focus on customers experience, feedback from customers was timely communicated to the technology and production center, whereby changing the unilateral communication previously to bilateral interaction, and especially focused on fast and efficient product after-sales services. the company has constantly been optimizing settlement methods and carrying out training on staff to enable their service consciousness to achieve the marketing management optimization target. the products of the group cover the domestic markets in fujian, guangdong, shaoxing and jiaxing in
zhejiang province and shengze, jiangsu. as to overseas markets, the group has established international sales & marketing network in europe, southeast asia, north america, south america
and other regions. our products have been sold to more than 30 countries such as portugal, brazil, indonesia, belgium, spain, vietnam, italy, turkey,
korea and thailand. our overseas sales accounted for 6% of the domestic exports in the chemical 
as regards to brand building, through enhancing the construction of media professional team during the year, we took full advantage of domestic and overseas exhibitions, large industry conferences, etc. to propagate our corporate philosophies and build our corporate recognition.
whilst optimizing the vi systems, we continued to improve corporate brand image and status and enhance brand building. furthermore, we stressed great importance on brand protection and through timely and firstly registering and our proprietary brand, applied for the recognition of renowned trademark to prevent the occurrence of brand infringement and disputes as well as safeguarding the proprietary brand. we were enlisted in the brand evaluation in 2016, and our brand value is estimated at rmb900 million.
as regards to talents training, the group has stressed great importance on staff orientation training and on-the-job training as well as technical training. not only can our staff in billion to learn skills, but they also feel the caring from colleagues, especially from superiors as a big family. we believe staff is a key element of our success, while the balance between work and life, positive response to staff opinion and competitive remuneration package are indispensable parts of a pleasant and rewarding job. we constantly adhere to the belief of human-oriented, factory is home and co-development to ensure fair and equitable protection to all staff (including the management).
during the year under rev iew, the group continued to improve our product quality and develop high value-added and differentiated products. the groups product differentiation rate reached 64.8%. such a high rate ensures our competitiveness in the market and is also a key factor contributing to the steady growth of the groups sales volume. moreover, the semiautomated storage and retrieval system and fully automated storage and retrieval system in zone c of the group have commenced operation. the automated storage and retrieval system shortens the time spent for stock in or stock out, improves space utilization, increases management efficiency, saves labor costs, and enables the group to package its products in exterior packaging with a higher quality and further improves the brand image of the products of the group.
the group is currentl y a na tiona l hightech enterprise and a national research and development base for polyester fiber products with functional differentiation. the group owns laboratories with national certifications and national level enterprise technology centers. the group has a first-class technology research and development team with various products and technologies development efforts reaching both the domestic and the worlds leading standards, and owns certain patents. most of our key equipment is imported from germany and japan which is of international first-class equipment standards. high quality equipment provides the group with strong guarantee of product innovation and technology innovation.
the group completed the entire expansion plan of functional and environmental polyester thin films production during the year under review.
while the second to the fifth production lines have formally commenced operation, the production capacity of polyester thin films now can reach 255,000 tons per year, and become the largest polyester thin film production enterprise in southern china. the group has sound regional advantages. with convenient raw material sources in the region, the well-developed light industries such as the apparel, footwear and hats and food in the downstream sectors have vast demand for plastic packages. the market capacity within the region is tremendous. by leveraging on the favorable geographical advantages, the polyester thin film business will achieve better development.
during the year under review, expenditure involved the payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment, expenditure on construction in progress and payment for interests in leasehold and held for own use under operating lease in our investing activities amounted to rmb227,299,000, resulting in the groups net current liabilities of rmb320,851,000 as at 31 december 2016.
in addition, the groups debt-to-assets ratio (calculated by dividing total assets by total liabilities) was 2.5 times, and the overall liabilities remained at a stable level. during the year under review, the company repurchased 24,368,000 of its shares from the secondary market, representing approximately 1.1% of the total issued share capital of the company prior to the repurchases.
such move has fully demonstrated the confidence of the companys management in the operations and future prospect of the group.
through introducing the strategic partner hong kong (rong an) investment limited (hong kong rong an), a substantial shareholder of the company and a wholly-owned subsidiary of cecep chongqing, which is in turn a subsidiary of cecep, the largest state-owned enterprise in the prc specializing in energy-saving and environmental protection projects, the relationship between the group and cecep has become closer in terms of co-operation opportunities and synergy.
looking forward into 2017, along with the continuous development of the prcs economy towards the pace of maintaining stability while achieving a decent growth and the recovery of differential polyester filament yarns production, the profit capacity of chemical fiber industry will hopefully improve. the group plans to develop the overseas polyester bottle chip and polyester filament yarns businesses in vietnam. it is expected that the total investment amount will be approximately us$65,000,000 and approximately us$64,000,000, respectively. we believe that it has good potential to develop the polyester bottle chip and polyester filament yarns businesses in vietnam, while the investments in the plants and equipment of the group and the new investments in vietnam will benefit the long-term development of the group and record favorable financial returns. the management will capture various development opportunities, commit to strengthening the groups risk management and keep steady operations to further expand our scale, realize business growth and bring better returns to our shareholders in the long run.
finally, on behalf of the board, i hereby wish to thank all our shareholders and business partners for their trust on us and for investing in the future of the group. the management of the group and i will continue to lead the group to move forward and work diligently to further create value for our shareholders, customers, and employees, and strive to bring better returns for all shareholders.
sze tin yau
co-chairman of the board 17 march 2017 