to all shareholders,
on behalf of the board of directors, i am pleased to announce the annual results of shenzhou international group holdings limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the group) in 2011 for 
during the year, the group continued to promote the lean production management, thus contributing to a further enhancement of production efficiency and an apparent decline in the resources consumption. we made an initial move into the retail business of self-owned brands. the building up of the management team was basically completed. stores have also been opened in shanghai, ningbo and suzhou for trial operation. more reasonable product mix was in place. continued endeavours were made to promote the optimization of the layout of production bases. staff welfare has also been further strengthened. the achievements during the year have enabled the group to lay a firmer foundation for its sustainable development. although the industrys operating environment was not yet improved, the group attained satisfactory results in 2011, as noted from a significant growth in revenue and profitability, and an increasingly solid financial position. at this point, i would like to thank the management at all levels and all employees for their efforts. it is our vision to create a brighter future for the group with stronger confidence and greater endeavours from all employees. and, we hope that investors can cast vote of confidence in the achievements made by the group and the support of the development strategies of 
during the year ended 31 december 2011, the group was in a sound financial position. total sales throughout the year amounted to approximately rmb9,043,442,000, up by 34.6% when compared to 2010. in comparison to profit attributable to the equity holders of the company of rmb1,271,654,000 for the year ended 31 december 2010, profit attributable to the equity holders of the company for the year ended 31 december 2011 rose by 34.0% to rmb1,703,845,000. earnings per share reached rmb1.37.
in light of promising business performance and strong financial position of the group, the board of directors of the company (the board or the directors) recommends the distribution of a final dividend of hk$0.50 (equivalent to about rmb0.41) per share.
export value of chinas textiles and garments in 2011 recorded a continued growth. according to chinese customs statistics, the total export value of chinas textile and garment industry (including textile yarn, fabrics and finished products as well as apparel and apparel accessories, the same below) in 2011 was us$247.89 billion, representing an increase of 20.0% over the previous year.
this increase was down by 3.6 percentage points when compared to 2010. out of the total export value, the export value of textile products amounted to us$94.67 billion, representing a year-onyear increase of 22.9%. the garment export value rose by 18.3% to us$153.22 billion on a year-on-year basis. in the aftermath of the financial crisis, the export value maintained a double-digit growth for two consecutive years. however, the growth was mainly driven by the adjustment in sales prices in line with the rise in raw material prices and the surge in labour costs. there was no obvious growth in the total export volume. on front of the domestic market, the consumer demand for apparel products continued to grow.
according to the information published by the national bureau of statistics, in terms of the retail sales of goods among the overthe-threshold enterprises, sales of garments during the year grew by 25.1% over the previous year. the growth was maintained at a rate of more than 20% for five consecutive years. it is noticed that there is increasing participation in the domestic market competition from apparel retail brands and accelerated pace of expansion into the prc market by foreign brands over the recent years. the competition in the apparel retail industry has become intensified.
with the continued growth in market demand and the adjustment in the structure of the consumption of apparel products, apparel retail enterprises with competitive edges in quality and price are set to usher in larger space for development in the domestic market.
during the year, due to the accelerated appreciation of rmb against u.s. dollars, the continued rise in labour costs, the volatility in cotton prices, and the relatively tightening of the monetary policy, the profitability of the industry was generally affected. in addition, given higher requirements on environmental protection from the government, some small and medium-sized enterprises (smes) with outdated equipment, backward technology and high energy consumption began to exit the industry. under the impact of the adverse operating environment, the integration of the domestic textile and garment industry has been speeded up. i believe that leading enterprises in terms of product quality, production management and environmental protection will continue to benefit from the industry consolidation.
in recent years, with the continued rise in labour costs in the country, enterprises with main competitive edge in costs will face challenges from counterparties in other low-cost countries. due to the special tariff policies among the member countries of the u.s.-led transpacific partnership agreement (tpp), the competitiveness of the textile and garment industry in china will inevitably be exposed to certain impact in the long term. however, from a general perspective, chinas textile and garment industry in the international community will continue to be armed with relatively strong competitive advantages in good infrastructure, comprehensive industry supporting facilities and high concentration of talented management and technical personnel. all these advantages helped reduce the costs of production of textile and garment products in china to a large extent. in addition, leveraging on the stability of product quality and enterprises capability of promptly responding to market demand, the international competitiveness of chinas textile and garment industry has been enhanced.
in 2012, being dampened by the debt crisis in europe and the weakened economic recovery in the u.s., the demand for textile and garment products in the international market is expected to be weakened. in line with a fall in chinas export trade surplus or even deficit, the pressure of the appreciation of renminbi against u.s. dollars has been greatly eased. particularly, the exchange rate of renminbi against u.s. dollars has been close to equilibrium following the sharp appreciation of renminbi over a couple of years.
at present, in view that the global cotton stocks hit historic high, and the growth in market demand was weakened, the extent of volatility of cotton prices is expected to be narrowed.
the board collaborated closely with various dedicated committees during the year. tasks were performed in line with the groups overall strategies and goals. fruitful results were reaped in various tasks. all members of the company are committed to maintaining highest degree of corporate governance as well as achieving fair and impartial decision-making processes. we will strive for maintaining a high degree of transparency, and pay every effort on providing open channels of communication for all shareholders and investors.
i would like to express gratitude to my fellow directors for their hard work over the year, and to extend heartfelt thanks to the management at all levels and all staff for their devotion during the year. the groups success in realizing its established goals for the year is attributed to the diligence and dedication of each and every member of us. i would also like to thank our shareholders, suppliers and customers for their enduring trust in the company. with the support from all of you, the group is set to step into a brilliant future.
for the groups future development, i believe that opportunities will outnumber challenges. yet, continued efforts should be delivered to enhance the comprehensive competitive strengths of us, and thus enhance our leading position in the industry. the group will further integrate the resources advantages in different regions. the group will also expand or newly build production bases in overseas regions by capturing the prevailing opportunities. complementary advantages will be formed with the production base in ningbo. with the strengthening of the integration of the retail management team, the enhancement of the capacity of the management team and the steady expansion of the retail business sales market, the group will lay a foundation for the further development of the retail business in 
i firmly believe that corporate value depends on the value created by the enterprise to the community. we will continue to uphold our long-standing tradition to produce quality products for consumer, offer superb services for our customers and create prominent returns for our shareholders, thereby endeavouring to reinforce the groups leading niche in the industry.
chairman of the board 
hong kong, 26 march 2012 