focusing on development
and gathering strengths
marching forward to
become a hundredbillion

in 2016, mengniu actively implemented innovative reforms starting with the finest details. the group kept up efforts to improve on aspects including milk sources development, product quality, branding strategies, sales channels and digitalized management, allowing it to focus on its business with gathered strengths and raise brand value. on top of strengthening product differentiation in terms of brands and categories and a more solid milk sources foundation, mengniu rolled out a new business division system that is more systematic, effective, and efficient, made up of independent business segments namely room temperature, chilled, milk formula and ice cream products. mengniu is committed to becoming chinas most dynamic brand and a hundred-billion yuan revenue international dairy enterprise.
during the year, mengniu joined hands with strategic partners and lived up to international standards for integration, optimization and innovation upgrades. the joint-equity company of mengniu and danone group is dedicated to ensuring product quality and also innovation, diligently adhering to uniform international food safety and quality standards. it was able to upgrade production capacity and at the same time improved cost control efficiency, thus enabled it to maintain leadership in the domestic chilled dairy products market. with arla foods century-long experience of advanced ranch management, mengniu has leveraged to optimize milk sources quality, thereby consolidate its core competitiveness.
during the year, yashili under mengniu completed the acquisition of dumex china, which operates infant milk formula products business, from danone group, and that has strengthened mengnius milk formula business for taking initiative to seize opportunities in the sector. moreover, the group was able to better integrate upstream and downstream resources on its industrial chain by increasing its stake in modern dairy in early 2017. the move will assure the group of supply of quality milk sources as well as build a more harmonious ecosystem. at the same time, mengniu and arla foods strengthened strategic cooperation by setting up a joint venture dedicated to cheese business to tap the high-potential 
quality is a corporate value of mengniu. perfect products is the new milestone in quality management development that mengniu is pushing forward as it embraces the strategic mission of giving the perfect experience to consumers by providing them with safer, healthier and more nutritious products. through achieving constant synergistic operation of the laboratory information management system (lims) and sap system, mengniu has applied end-to-end quality management and built a food safety security matrix to offer intelligent and systematic quality assurance throughout the entire 
answering the country rally for support to internet+ innovation, we actively integrate online and offline resources to upgrade every aspect of our brand value. via digital revolution, mengniu has established a three-dimensional sales channel to promote closer interaction between customers and the brand, and more quickly and widely deliver the brand concept of a little happiness matters. mengniu goes in-depth to gain understanding in consumers preferences, to grasp market need more precisely, to upgrade brand structure and optimize product innovation. these efforts were honored by a number of awards reflecting consumers recognition and support. mengniu continues to push forward with internationalization at the core of its strategic layout and uphold its a little happiness matters brand concept, targeting to enhance its brand value all-round. in addition, mengniu was awarded the special award for contributions to chinas space program by china space foundation, which is a clear recognition of mengnius fit-for-aerospace strengths and quality.
mengniu continues to put consumers first and, through innovative marketing and taking advantage of its access to top-grade resources worldwide, has created for itself a more forward-looking and younger brand image. mengniu selects to work with highquality partners and platforms. as the strategic partner of nba in china for a decade, mengniu launched unique milk products in china with nba elements incorporated in the package design, themed friends for 10 years, a little happiness matters. during the year, mengniu became the official dairy product provider of shanghai disney resort and mounted marketing activities taking advantage of the rio olympics to penetrate the markets. in addition, mengniu has reached strategic agreement with universal beijing resort in 2017, where it will become the exclusive official partner in providing dairy products and ice cream at the resort, hence becoming able to offer extensive product experience to visitors of the resort from all over the world. the two parties will also explore other possible cooperative endeavors.
mengniu pushed forward with pragmatism the reform direction that emphasizes vertical flattening, horizontal integration, function optimization and enhancement of sales regions, which enabled it to strengthen its route to market (rtm) project and create an operation mode centered around distributors and developed together by distributors, sales companies and the central business 
mengniu has embedded the philosophy of sustainable development into its corporate culture, and carries out the mission of focus on nutrition and health, deliver a drop of happiness for every moment and every day to more people, with the support of its project implementation strategy that emphasizes leading standards, pragmatism, charity that touches hearts, top-level communication and pioneering leadership. mengniu together with csr partners from different communities, including celebrities, its own employees and the public to promote charity on all fronts, and to give the society endless care. mengniu takes upon itself the responsibility of enhancing public confidence in chinese milk products and maintaining the long-term healthy development of the dairy industry in china. mengniu has fulfilled its corporate social responsibility via such initiatives as university of ranchers, star ranchers and gold key project and its efforts have won wide recognition in the community. it was awarded the community enterprises of china 2016 at china annual conference on philanthropy 2016, the only dairy enterprise to receive the honor.
to effectively support the groups 2020 strategy, we reorganized the business setup at the end of 2016. the new setup comprises independent professional business segments dedicated to room temperature products, chilled products, milk formula and ice cream products, and more resources and support have been provided to each business segment, with the aim of facilitating overall and balanced development of the groups various product categories.
looking ahead, mengniu will continue to work closely with its three major shareholders and partners as well as take advantage of its access to first-class resources worldwide to create a global innovation platform, and in doing so align with international standards and raise the quality of chinese dairy products to new levels. mengniu will focus on various product segments, using its edges in branding and product differentiation, forming a consumer and market-oriented organizational model backed its professional business platform, and focusing on developing the chilled product division to create a new growth point. at the same time, mengniu will draw on its foresights in deploying upstream and downstream resources to enhance quality of milk sources. mengniu will also join hands with other partners in the dairy ecosystem to strive for constant innovation, to integrate resources, and build its brand, and core competitiveness. it will also keep strengthening its sales channels and marketing system, relying on its sap and lims systems, to reinforce its digitalized management capabilities and carry out digitalized marketing to lay a strong foundation for the group to achieve its long-term strategic goals.
with the milk formula registration system taking effect, the twochild policy in full rollout, per capita income of the chinese people rising and urbanization continuing in china, demand for dairy products in the country will gradually be unleashed. for mengniu, going international is the new normal and innovation is its core competitive strength. it will fortify resources integration, develop new product offerings, and promote delicacy management and cultivate channels with intensive effort. it aims to continue to lead consumption upgrade with the craftsman spirit of constantly striving 
adhering to the vision of becoming a century-old consumeroriented and innovative-led food company offering nutrition and health, upholding the corporate culture of integrity, innovation, passion, openness, and emphasizing the theme of focusing development and gathering strengths, mengniu will continue to integrate and enhance its resources, and gather the strength of its staff, customers and consumers. adhering to its 2020 strategy, mengniu will speed up its strides toward becoming chinas most dynamic and a hundred-billion yuan revenue international enterprise, enabling mengniu emerge as a world class dairy 
jeffrey, minfang lu
chief executive officer
hong kong, 29 march 2017 