chairmans statementdear shareholders: on behalf of the board of directors (the board or the directors) of shenzhou international group holdings limited (the company), i hereby am pleased to announce the annual results of the company and its subsidiaries (together as the group) for 2016 for your kind 
in 2016, textile and apparel industry was confronted with a bigger challenge. exports of textile and apparel products of china to europe, united states and japan (top three largest markets) decreased. in particular, exports to united states dropped for the first time in the past twenty years. the upward trend of domestic consumption also declined markedly. a decrease in market demand, an increase in labor costs and stricter environmental protection requirements and other factors added a lot of pressure to the development of the industry. historically, the low cost of resources was a major advantage of textile and apparel industry in china.
however, as chinas economy booms, the cost factor has become a weakness of the industry. many small and medium-sized enterprises that are not strong enough to sustain the pressure from the changes in demands and costs had to pull out of the market, resulting in a higher market concentration ratio. leading enterprises in the industry are speeding up their transformations and upgrades. technical innovation, delicacy management, application of informatisation and automation technologies are what leading enterprises in the industry are working on. successfully transformed enterprises are going to enjoy new development opportunities.the group has continued to set up new factories abroad during the year, and the improvement of our production capacity and operating results are impressive. manufacturing bases in mainland china are becoming more efficient, effectively offsetting the pressure of increasing cost. we always put customers interest in the first place, and try to offer better and more compressive service to customers.
our efforts on the management for lean production has effectively lowered our costs. thanks to everyones efforts, the group has managed to perform well even in this difficult industry environment.
sales revenue and operating results increased ideally. i hereby hope that investors will appreciate the groups achievement and continue to support the business development strategies of the group.
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the groups sales revenue and results continued to grow ideally. the annual sales was rmb15,099,076,000, representing an increase of 19.5% as compared to 2015. the profit attributable to equity holders of the company increased from rmb2,354,664,000 in 2015 to rmb2,947,673,000 in 2016, representing an increase of 25.2%.
earnings per share was rmb2.11. as at 31 december 2016, the groups cash and cash equivalents totalled rmb2,105,184,000.
given that the group has excellent results and strong financial position, the board of the company proposes to declare a final dividend of hk$1.20 per share (including a special dividend of hk$0.35), which equals to approximately rmb1.07 per share.
according to the statistics of china customs, exports of textile and apparel products of china dropped for two consecutive years.
our industry is losing its advantages over others, due to rising labor costs, heavy taxes and changing trade environment. chinas rapidly aging population has led to a shrinking labor force and as the economy grows, the level of remuneration rises as well.
manufacturing industry which is labor intensive will be confronted with a rising labor costs for a long time. in addition, many other developing countries are setting lower tax rates than that of china to attract foreign investment. apparel industry is more likely to have a favourable tax rate from governments because the industry can create jobs, stimulate exports and obtain foreign exchange. some developed economies are paying more attention to its manufacturing industry for the purpose of boosting their economies. for instance, the united states plans to recover manufacturing industry by lowering taxes. meanwhile, the government of china pays attention to lowering taxes for enterprises. in may 2016, business tax was replaced by value-added tax, helping to relieve the tax burden on enterprises. the government is also cancelling inappropriate types of charge for enterprises. however, china still has a less favourable tax rate for apparel industry than those of other countries. in terms of trading environment, the major import markets (e.g., eu, us and japan) for apparel have imposed differential duties against china and some underdeveloped countries, resulting in higher importers costs of procuring products from enterprises in china. although the united states has announced to pull out of tpp, this does not mean that the pressure on exports of chinas apparel products is reduced. it is still uncertain what kind of trade policy with china the new government of the united states is going to adopt.
the operational difficulties in this industry are stimulating its transformation. under the circumstances, enterprises should make the most out of what they have already got and be ambitious about enterprise development. the knitwear industry in china has a stronger foundation than those of other countries. lots of talents have come to this industry during the past years of development.
enterprises should do their best in innovation. for a longterm sustainable enterprise development, we should coordinate population, resources, environment etc. the government of china are working on its supply-side structural reform. some weak and outdated enterprises will be shut down for an orderly development.
cross-border transfer of industry will lead to the increase in the manufacturing costs in receiving countries. chinas market has the greatest growth potential in the world. our industry also has a bright future in domestic market. enterprises should work on reducing costs, offering better products and being innovative to boost consumption. during the industrial transformation, the textile and apparel industry is likely to create more advantages over other 
the company continued to provide each professional committee of the company with all-rounded support in the past year. the board and every committee cooperated closely and communicated effectively with each other. the results of all the projects that we worked on were impressive. members of the company are in pursuit of excellent corporate governance and a fair and square decision making process. we are maintaining a transparent administration to provide all shareholders and stakeholders with an open channel to 
i appreciate every directors great efforts over the past year. i also would like to thank management personnel and other staff members for their attentiveness to duties. thanks to everyones dedication, the group managed to achieve an impressive growth in such an adverse operational environment. operating an enterprise is like a boat sailing against the current. i hope that management personnel take what we have already achieved as a beginning and forge ahead. we should also stick to the principle of innovation breeds evolution, and quality always comes first, aiming to be stronger and contribute to the sustainable development of our enterprise! i would like to thank each shareholder, customer and supplier for their lasting trust in the company. i hope their ongoing support will continue into the future.
in terms of the strategies for future operation, we will continue to develop the group with the concept of innovation and compliance in mind. we will also recruit more talents and improve our trainings.
the informatisation of our enterprise management will be brought to the next level for better management efficiency and better judgment.
the automation level of our production will be enhanced to create more comfortable working conditions for our staff and lower the skill requirement for junior personnel. we never stop optimising our production management, aiming at offering better and greener products while reducing costs.
the group will spare no efforts in innovating and evolving. offering better and more comprehensive services to our customers is what we are always after. we also want to sharpen our competitive edges in the industry, expand the size of our enterprise and increase our revenue at an ideal pace, aiming at offering shareholders a better return on investment.

chairman of the board hong kong, 27 march 2017 