business review & outlook for the financial year of 20042005, the group achieved a turnover of hk$2,771 million and has recorded a net profit of hk$418 million. this represents an increase in turnover of 63% and an increase in net profit of 47% over the same period last year. the major reason for the increases is capacity growth. pm5, our fifth production line with an annual capacity of 250,000mt, started operation early 2004. it is now running at full capacity and making contributions to the group. pm6, our sixth production line with an annual capacity of 300,000mt, and just began operation in september 2004. although pm6 is not running at the expected efficiencies, after further tuning for a period of time, it is expected to make further contributions to the group in years to come.
during the year, the management was able to take a significant step to implement the groups business strategy by vertically integrating its operation. in february 2005, the group acquired a pulp mill with an annual capacity of 200,000mt which is located at samoa, california, united states. only half of its production volume is adequate to fulfill our existing demand of pulp while the remaining will be placed on the market for sale and in return bring us profit. strategically, the management believes the acquisition in north america is a very important step in the groups business development. it would reduce our dependence on the outside pulp suppliers and at the same time generating extra income, profit and lowering our existing paper production costs.
looking ahead, the group has begun construction of its third paper production industrial park located at dongguan hongmei, which will allow it to capture the continuously growing demand for quality containerboard in the pearl river delta region. pm7, our seventh production machine and our first production line at dongguan hongmei, is expected to begin operation in january 2006. it will have an annual production capacity of 400,000mt of linerboard. upon completion, the groups total containerboard and pulp production capacity will reach 1.6 million metric tons and 0.2 million metric tons respectively. the group anticipates a further improvement in its performance.
on behalf of the board lee wan keung, patrick

hong kong, 28 june 2005 