wind and rain escorted springs departure, flying snow welcomes springs return.
with the return of spring each year, we review in our annual report the results of our efforts made, providing investors with a clear picture of the company. each year again, we spare no effort and remain indomitable in all market conditions in the hope that the company will deliver growth year after year.
in 2016, chinas economy transitioned to the new normal with profound adjustments. for the financial industry, it was a year of deep reform and multiple challenges. during the past year, we maintained stable growth that outperformed the market. in 2016, ping an achieved a net profit of rmb72,368 million, up 11.0% compared with the previous year; net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company stood at rmb62,394 million, up 15.1%.
as at december 31, 2016, equity attributable to shareholders of the parent company was rmb383,449 million, an increase of 14.7% compared with the end of 2015. in addition, the company entered the top 50 league in fortune global 500. as at december 31, 2016, ping ans market capitalization ranked 57th among global listed companies, 15th among financial groups and 1st in the insurance sector.
in retrospect, over the past 30 years, ping an has made steady progress year after year. outstanding teams and well-defined strategies are the key to our success. every year we explain our strategies and values in our annual report. i believe most financial investors are familiar with them and receive them with recognition, while some investors may find it difficult to fully appreciate the value of our integrated finance business model. to make our annual report readable for more investors, this year, we have attempted to provide explanations in simple terms, apart from the standard reporting model of financial institutions. in this way, professional financial investors and analysts can have an in-depth and clear understanding of ping ans strategies and values, and other investors will also find our annual report easier to 
to put it simply, ping ans strategy can be summarized as one positioning, two focuses and four

the first is one positioning. ping an is strategically positioned as a world-leading personal financial services provider. with a massive population, china boasts the largest medium- and high-income group globally attributed to the presence of social stability, steady economic development and rapid increase of personal wealth, and has become the worlds largest and fastest-growing personal consumer market. focusing on its vast target customer group in which the middle class predominates, ping an actively explores the retail market, personal consumer market and personal financial service market.
personal retail business is relatively stable, as customer needs are hardly affected by business cycles and 
the second is two focuses. ping an focuses on pan financial assets and pan health care. as a world economic power, chinas economic development will outpace that of the global economy, while growth of the financial and asset management industry and that of the health care industry will outpace other industries.
during the past decade, we have remained committed to this strategic focus, concentrating our resources on pan financial assets and pan health care, and have built differentiated platforms to give the company our 
the last is four service ecosystems.
to address the market needs, ping an delivers financial services revolving around health, food, housing and transportation. as society progresses, needs for financial services related to daily life continue to grow. by integrating daily life services seamlessly with financial services applying internet technology and big data, ping an has created new development models for modern finance, and provides customers with financial services that are convenient, professional and 
how then should we view the growth value of ping ans strategy? in assessing both the current value and growth potential of retail finance companies, three key indicators of notable concern are customer base, the number of products per customer, and the profit per customer. as a personal financial services provider, ping ans value is reflected in the sustainable rapid growth in all three indicators.
we have adhered to the integrated finance model of one customer, multiple products, and one-stop services for nearly two decades, from which remarkable results are springing up. for customers, this model makes services more convenient and more efficient, providing them with more value. for the company, by virtue of cross-selling among different products and services, we achieve better customer experience and lower costs of customer acquisition, management and operation. at the same time, customer retention rate, loyalty and satisfaction levels improve alongside the competitive edge of the company.
the data below indicates that in the past few years, the number of users and customers sustained rapid growth, with more and more users of ping ans internet products that have become our financial customers, and the number of ping ans products held by both internet users and financial customers have continued to rise, and the profit per customer too has increased steadily.
as at the end of 2016, the number of ping ans individual customers reached 131 million, up 20.1% from the beginning of 2016; the number of contracts per customer reached 2.21, and the profit per customer increased from rmb289 to rmb312. in 2016, ping ans individual business recorded a profit of rmb40,829 million, up 29.5% year on year, accounting for 65.4% of the groups net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent company. indeed, the steady growth in value of our individual business has become a strong driver of ping ans organic growth in value.
sweet and fair, she craves not spring for 
to be the harbinger of spring she is 
when the mountain flowers are in full 
she will smile mingling in their midst.
with an unwavering dedication to our operations and management, we endeavor to reward investors with sustainable and steady business growth. with care, we always listen to the opinions and suggestions of all investors and customers. your continued attention, trust and support will undoubtedly help us usher in a more radiant and resplendent spring.
chairman and chief executive officer

march 22, 2017 