in 2016, following the turnaround, the company further optimized various indicators by steady implementation of the development strategies and launch of the related measures, resulting in various improvements such as finance, operations and brand influence.
during 2016, revenue of the group continued its steady growth while the profit attributable to equity holders of the company was increased to rmb643 million, including the net gain from the disposal of 10% equity interest in double happiness of rmb313 million. improved profitability reflected that the company has restored its right track of healthy growth. li-ning brand, which manifests our brands dna tenacity derived from sports, has demonstrated the brand-new vibrancy and vivacity in the age of the internet.
amidst the changes in lifestyle of consumers and their spending habits, the company focused on the creation of experiences as its key strategy of development. during 2016, the company continued to put emphasis on product features and functions catering to the actual demands of consumers, so as to create li-ning brands value through experiences, including product experience, shopping experience and sports experience. the company strived to incorporate the brands value in experience into retail channels and daily operations, and further segmentize the services according to consumer demands. meanwhile, we captured the consumer preference more rapidly and precisely with the support of big-data analysis.
restore the right track of healthy
development and achieved profit

in 2016, with the commitment and efforts of all staff, various operation indicators have been improved significantly. during the year, revenue of the group grew by 13%, and operating cash flow further increased to rmb995 million. meanwhile, working capital rationalized with cash conversion cycle shortened from 76 days for the year 2015 to 59 days for the current year. the distributors have resumed confidence gradually. in terms of tag price, trade fair orders for li-ning brand products from franchised distributors registered a year-on-year growth for thirteen consecutive quarters.
the enhanced results and improved operation indicators of the company were attributable to the fact that we have been striving to develop and improve the overall retail capability to enhance efficiency of sales channels. the overall retail sellthrough grew low-teens for two consecutive years, and the channel inventory turnover further improved. sell-out ratio of new products continued to increase. the same-store sales for overall platform, including online and offline, accelerated its growth. for the whole year of 2016, same-store sales growth of li-ning brand products for the overall platform including e-commerce (taking into account the pos that have been operating since the beginning of the first quarter last year) increased by low-teens on a year-on-year basis. in terms of channels, retails (direct operation) and wholesale (franchisee) channels increased by mid-single and low single-digits on a yearon-year basis while e-commerce virtual store business recorded a mid-eighties growth on a year-on-year basis.
in terms of online and offline channels, we formulated more compatible development strategies based on various features of channels. to cater to the changes in consumption patterns, e-commerce business continued its robust development trend recently with an approximate 90% growth of revenue yearon-year in 2016. apart from responding to young consumers purchase and aesthetic needs, we introduced additional trendy and fashionable elements and hot-gossips to position the products towards the consumer preference more precisely with the support of big-data analysis. the improvement of offline business was attributed to the focused efforts of the company in establishing the retail operation-supported platform with an aim to enhance the store sales efficiency. on one hand, we determined the profit models according to store categories through the establishment of various store categories featuring different product categories (including full-categories stores, basketball stores, running and training stores and sports casual stores). on the other hand, we strived to enhance consumption sports experience and store image, employed more professional sports advisory personnel for retail outlets and continued to improve the staff training system so as to enhance shopping experience of customers.
create li-ning brand value through

during 2016, we offered more comprehensive user experience to consumers and sports population group, highlighting li-ning brand value through experience, which continued to be the focus of our efforts. during the year, we remained steadfast on product development, retail platform and sports experience. meanwhile, we pushed forward the digitization strategy and grasped the big data with an aim to develop it into the information and trend 
product is the essence of sports brand. during the year, continuing to put the concept of develop the profession into a more professional one, give lifestyle more mix-and-match into practice, we embraced the heritage of sports dna among our brand and upgraded the sports performance of products.
meanwhile, we captured and introduced fashionable elements into the product design and launched a series of products recognized by consumers.
regarding running products, we developed the product matrix of li-nings running shoes catering to the differentiated sports demands of runners. in respect of smart products, we incorporated smart technology into the proprietary technology platform. meanwhile, our brand design team successfully launched the 2016 versions of rough rabbit () and furious rider (). the success of innovative running shoes highlighted the competitive edges of the group in r&d and marketing of smart products as well as the consumer trust and recognition of our brand. in respect of non-smart products, the technology platforms of super light 13th, li-ning cloud iii running shoes and li-ning arc continued to develop during 2016. with the introduction of fashioned designs and materials, their sales performance was encouraging. we established the running category specialty shop within the regions of group running activities. the first specialty shop of li-ning running products was opened in shanghai, integrating professional equipment and tests and sports and social network, aiming to develop into a new landmark for runners in shanghai.
in respect of basketball products, we continued to explore room for development of casual wear category business while maintaining our professionalism. in terms of promotion, on one hand, the group expanded products and increased product exposure through various means such as sponsorship of tournaments. on the other hand, we launched featured game apparel, fan-culture related apparel and others according to tournament schedules, which received positive consumer 
in order to fulfil consumer demands more precisely, we focused on the spending habits of fans of various sports and different customer groups, developed room for interactive experience by strategically shaping the image of new and correlated channels, implemented the display guidelines flexibly with highlighted theme so as to offer a brand-new shopping experience.
during the year, offline channels continued to expand. as of the end of 2016, the number of pos increased by 307 to a total of 6,440. based on the regional actual sports demand, and taking into account the various classes of cities and their commercial zoning, we determined the featured products category of a particular store and implemented product differentiation planning, research and development and assortment. meanwhile, we optimized and upgraded the store image according to store categories, and pushed forward the establishment of comprehensive experience stores in major cities. in order to provide consumers with better shopping experience, we strived to refine staff training mechanism, enhanced professionalism of staff and employed additional professional sport talents for the retail channels, thereby providing consumers at stores with our professional opinions and recommendations in relation to sports.
with the support of big-data analysis, we developed the ability of using online channels in creating business opportunities by making use of data application and interactions. to continue to consolidate the online advantages of the company, we put emphasis on launching flexible and diverse promotional campaigns aligned with our featured product releases and the activities of various e-commerce platforms to improve user viscosity. meanwhile, we will also continue to develop the omnichannel system platform to foster quicker and more convenient consumption experience for customers by leveraging the highly effective circulation of our products.

the brands dna tenacity derived from sports is our core value.
to provide consumers with unique sports experience is one of the focuses of value creation in experience. during the year, we continued to promote running corners in flagship stores.
up to now, various irun clubs of li-ning have been opened in beijing, shanghai, chengdu, changsha and other cities to offer experience activities, such as professional courses, physical training, meet-ups of running groups, to tens of thousands of runners. in addition, we will continue to put a lot of efforts into expanding the scale of li-nings special sports experience activities and competitions, such as li-ning 10k road racing league, in which we will draw runners for online purchase of our products through online marketing activities to generate sales. also, we will continue the sponsorship of various major tournaments within china and overseas, such as cba, cuba, sudirman cup and bwf world championships, to nurture and enhance users interests in viewing the tournaments and enrich their experiences with abundant sports culture.

pursuant to the certain opinion on the acceleration of the development of the sports industry and the stimulation of 
) announced in 2014 by the state council, the market size of chinas sports industry shall achieve at least a threefold growth to rmb5 trillion in 2025. in 2015, the market size of the sports industry in china accounted for 1.9% of the gross domestic product (gdp) growth of china. it is expected to grow to more than 3% in 2025, which is level with that of the u.s.a.
following the promulgation of the new policy, unprecedented favorable opportunities for business development are brought by the promotion of nationwide fitness. as a national strategy, promotion of nationwide fitness should particularly be pushed forward at the forefront of the reform and renovation, playing the key role of unleashing the growth potential of sports industry, hosting the strategic promotion of sports culture and driver of a healthy china. during the development of and planning for the public service system to be designed for nationwide fitness, we should strive to increase the awareness of fitness and health at the retail end and the platform level. on one hand, the smart design, layout, transformation and upgrade of the fitness training spots are required to be improved. on the other hand, the establishment of a platform for common sharing and exchange of the fitness training population is necessary to accommodate the changes in social habits and lead the fashionable trend of scientific fitness training.
in order to capture the opportunities arising from the promotion of the sports industry in china, in 2017, we will continue to strengthen and improve the following business focuses: maintaining a healthy and sustainable profit growth of the company. we will continue to optimize the various key segments of the retail business model, including the modes of segmentation and correlation of products and channels, aiming to achieve their close integration and further drive 
developing li-ning brand value through experience among various key business segments. it is a fashionable trend for the consumer preference to more incline to brands. we will provide featured user experiences to develop and enhance the brand value and influence, thereby driving the long-term development of the company; we will, relying on big data analysis, precisely grasp the spending habits and needs of consumer groups to guide the business and operation of the company toward the precise 
in response to the emergence of multi-brand development strategy, we will exercise reasonable and prudent use of resources to invest in the sports category market with business opportunities, including danskin brand and kidswear. as regards to the fine-tuned label business, we will develop its sales network based on the directions and findings from past experiences of fine tuning 
with the improvement of all operating indicators in 2016, our reform focusing on retail business model has been demonstrated as effective, and the development of our business, finance and brands is underway in a positive manner. we will continue to implement and push forward the implementation of the retail business model, and further move on the path of creating values for li-ning brand. as the founder and operator of the company, i always highly regard the interests of investors, and cherish their care of li-ning brand and unremitting supports to the company. i also wish to express my heartfelt thanks to our dedicated and industrious employees. the management and i will spare no efforts to steer the company forward towards further development in the future, forging a li-ning brand full of vivacity and creativity in a new era. anything is possible! 
executive chairman and interim chief executive officer
hong kong, 22 march 2017 