chairman s statement hong kong achieved further growth in 2005 due in part to the momentum brought by the relaxation of rules regarding individual travellers from the mainland and the implementation of the closer economic partnership arrangement ( cepa ) between hong kong and the mainland and following a strong recovery in the local economy in 2004. local gdp grew 7.3%, a slight decrease from the 8.6% recorded in 2004. unemployment continued to decline, reaching the level of 5.6% in 2005, a decline of 1.2% relative to 2004. mild inflation returned after a number of years of declining prices, with an inflation rate of 1.1%, compared with mild deflation of 0.4% in 2004. trade flows were strong, with imports and exports growing by 10.3% and 11.4% respectively in 2005. visitor arrivals reached 23.3 million, a growth of 7.1% macau, another special administrative region to the west of hong kong, reported a strong economic performance, with growth in gdp of 6.7% in 2005, down from the exceptionally high rate of growth of 28.3% in 2004, and its gdp has now grown at an average annual rate of 12.1% between 2000 and 2005. the robust performance of the gaming and tourism sectors spurred significant growth in both public and private sector investment, with total investment increasing by 57% in real terms over 2004. visitor arrivals to macau increased by 12.2% to over 18.7 million, and annual gross gaming receipts increased by 8.3% compared with 2004. reducing unemployment and increasing incomes amongst macau residents led to a real growth in private consumption expenditure of 7.5% in 2005 compared with 2004.

the increasing integration of hong kong s economy with china, particularly with the pan-pearl river delta region including macau, will help to expedite the planning and development of a cross-boundary bridge between hong kong, macau and zhuhai, and the development of the transport network within the region.
against this background of continued growth in 2004 and 2005, we implemented the m&a strategy we had set out at the time of the separate listing of the company in 2004. as a group, we raised hk$2.4 billion for both the company and dah sing financial holdings limited at the time of the company s ipo, and during the course of 2005, we invested around hk$2.6 billion in acquisitions; hk$936 million to acquire pacific finance in hong kong; hk$1,679 million to acquire the banco comercial de macau ( bcm ) group in macau.
when the opportunity of acquiring bcm became available, your board decided to make every effort to take advantage of the regional developments in the coming years by making a strategic expansion and investment in macau in order to position our operations to complement the enhancement of co-operation among hong kong, macau and the pan-pearl river delta region.

following the opening remarks made by mr. david s.y. wong, chairman (photo a second from left), accompanied by our independent non- executive director, mr. peter birch (photo a first from left), in the presence of dr. cristopher de beck, the vice chairman of banco comercial portugus ( bcp ) (photo a first from right), and other bcp members in lisbon, observed through video conferencing by mr. antonio matos, former chief executive officer of banco comercial de macau ( bcm ), and mr. antonio castro henriques of bcp (photo b first and second from left respectively) together with mr. harold wong, executive director of dah sing banking group ( dsbg ) (photo b first from right; also photo c front row sitting first from left) and other members of dsbgbcm group attending the ceremony, the sale and purchase agreement of bcm was signed by mr. derek wong, managing director of dsbg, and mr. antonio castro henriques of bcp (photo c front row sitting second from left and first from right respectively) in hong kong.

we did not neglect organic growth during the year, with loan growth of 16% excluding the effect of the acquisitions.
overall results were lower in 2005 compared with 2004, principally due to lower margins and higher costs. the group reported profit attributable to shareholders for 2005 of hk$979 million, 12.5% lower than the equivalent figure in 2004. however, despite the lower profit contribution, your board has decided to maintain the full year dividend at the same level as last year (hk$0.61 per share), with a proposed final dividend of hk$0.38 per the banking market in hong kong continued to be extremely competitive during the year. although the hong kong loan market continued its trend of mild growth, with overall growth of 7.2% recorded for the full year, loan pricing remained very competitive, with the mortgage business in particular coming under pressure in the second half of the year. the banking market in macau was also competitive. however, we currently see attractive opportunities to grow our business in macau as a result of the buoyant economic conditions now being experienced in that market.
interest rates were volatile, with a sharp increase in local interbank rates at the beginning of the year, closing the gap that had opened up between hong kong rates and us rates during the course of 2004. the prime hibor spread continued at historically tight levels until the second half of the year, and began to recover in the last quarter. generally, rates continued to climb during the course of the year, reflecting the sequence of rate rises by the federal reserve in the us.
organic loan growth was strong, with the loan book, excluding the effects of the acquisitions increasing by 16% to hk$37.9 billion. including the impact of the acquisition, we reported total loan growth of 38%, raising total loans to customers to approximately hk$45 billion.

we are pleased to report that our two acquisitions performed strongly during the year, with the profit from bcm increasing by 50% to mop90 million, and the profit from pacific finance increasing by 21% to hk$82 million. bcm is the third largest bank by branches in the macau market, and has a strong franchise and deposit base, giving us a firm foundation on which to build our presence in macau. we have retained most of the senior management in bcm, although we have appointed a new chief executive of bcm from dah sing, and we believe that this management continuity is also important for us to build the business in a steady and progressive manner. pacific finance has given us greater market share in a number of attractive businesses in hong kong, including vehicle finance, equipment finance, mortgages and consumer lending, and we look forward to gaining synergy benefits from the integration of pacific finance with dah sing.
board of directors on 15 march 2005, mr. takashi muraoka was appointed as a non-executive director of the company, succeeding mr. sohei sasaki whose resignation took effect on the same date.
i would like to welcome mr. muraoka to the board and believe his expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the group. i would also like to express my gratitude to mr. sasaki for his valuable contribution during his tenure on the board.

economic conditions in hong kong in 2006 are forecast to be broadly positive, although with a slightly slower rate of increase in gdp, with recent forecasts for gdp growth of around 5-6% for the year. unemployment is forecast to continue to reduce, and inflation is set to move mildly higher during the year.
whilst the overall economic conditions are conducive to a mild level of growth in the banking market in hong kong, we do not expect market growth be exceptionally strong over the coming year. we are, however, somewhat more optimistic about the prospects of the macau market, where both gdp growth, and growth in the banking market are expected to be ahead of those in hong kong.
whilst the continued increase in interest rates in the us in 2006 is likely to mean higher rates in hong kong over the year, we do not expect to see the same degree of negative pressure on our margins, provided that there are no unexpected hong kong dollar interest rate movements during the course of the year.
we are pleased to report that the strategy set out at the time of the separate listing of the company is now being implemented, with total acquisitions made since the listing now exceeding the total proceeds raised. nor have we neglected organic growth, with a more rapid rate of growth than the market in terms of loan growth in the banking business.
we remain committed to our strategy of growth, and intend to target more rapid than market organic growth, as well as m&a on an opportunistic basis as and when suitable opportunities arise.
finally, i would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year.
david shou-yeh wong
hong kong, 27 march 2006 