despite difficult market conditions and market volatility during the course of the year, our overall performance was relatively stable, with profit attributable to shareholders down modestly by 2.5% to hk$2,145 million for the year.

during the course of the year, the performance of the group was relatively stable overall. net interest income grew strongly, mainly as a result of lower funding costs during the year, whilst fee and commission income were down. our core retail banking business performed relatively well, although our commercial banking business suffered from relatively slow growth, as well as some increase in credit cost during the course of the year. our treasury business also slowed, mainly due to a lower demand from customers for fx and related products, largely relating to rmb, due to the continuing depreciation of the currency. our macau business showed some growth, whilst our china subsidiary recorded better performance, mainly due to lower credit costs during the year. the performance of our associate company, bank of chongqing, was also encouraging, posting a solid growth in the year. its contribution to our earnings in 2016 however dropped slightly, as our interest in bank of chongqing was diluted from approximately 17.0% to 14.7% at the end of 2015.
capital and regulation
our banking groups capital position continued to strengthen from internal capital generation and also an issue of a tier 2 subordinated debt in late 2016.
in november 2016, dsb issued us$250 million of tier 2 subordinated debt, in advance of the call of its prior issues of s$225 million of lower tier 2 subordinated debt and us$55 million of upper tier 2 subordinated debt for redemption in february 2017. together with the build-up of cet1 through earnings retention, this resulted in capital levels as at 31 december 2016 that were substantially higher than the prior year, at 18.3% overall, with cet1 at 12.7%. it should however be noted that the subsequent call of the two subordinated debt issues referred to above has lowered the overall capital ratio on a pro forma basis by 72 basis points. we continued to comply with the liquidity maintenance ratio (lmr), with dsbs average consolidated lmr maintained at 42% during the year, well above the regulatory minimum level of 25%. we believe that our capital and liquidity ratios are maintained at levels within the market range for both peer banks in hong kong, and indeed for banks internationally.changes of the board during the year on 12 august 2016, mr. shoji hirai, due to his new assignment within the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd group, resigned as a non-executive director. on the same date, mr. kenichi yamato was appointed as a non-executive director of the company. the brief biographical details of mr. kenichi yamato are set out in the section headed directors and senior managements profile in this annual 
the board extends a warm welcome to mr. yamato for joining the board, and expresses its appreciation to mr. hirai for his valuable effort and contributions to the board during his tenure of service with 
the outlook for 2017 remains uncertain. whilst the us economy continues to recover, and the mainland china economy is likely to grow at a rate above 6% with steadier progress and more balanced development, there are uncertainties over the direction of global trade agreements, and a number of key elections in europe, in addition to the continuing brexit negotiations. at present, it seems that the most likely outlook for the markets and businesses in which we operate is one of relative stability. it is expected that us interest rates will rise, in line with us economic recovery, and whilst in the medium term that should be positive for banks, it is possible that there will be some shorter term margin pressure, as funding costs move upwards. with potential interest rate and currency volatility, there is also the risk that local market liquidity conditions, which have been generally benign for some time, could change.
in hong kong, economic growth is forecast to continue to be moderate, although perhaps improving slightly, and unemployment is forecast to remain low, which is generally positive for credit quality.
the outlook for the housing market is more uncertain, with current high levels of both prices and demand balanced by likely mortgage rate hikes and increases in property supply. the stabilization of the mainland economy has led to more steady credit quality for our mainland subsidiary in the recent past, and macau looks set to continue on a recovering path.
we are therefore taking a balanced view towards the year. whilst we think that there will be some opportunities for growth in our key markets of hong kong, mainland china and macau, we also see both global and local risks ahead of us, as well as the likelihood that the volatile market conditions experienced over the past couple of years could continue. we therefore intend to attempt to take advantage of opportunities for growth that present themselves, whilst monitoring closely key market and economic developments so that the associated risks can be managed appropriately.
finally, i would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
david shou-yeh wong

hong kong, 22 march 2017 