the company is pleased to present to the shareholders the annual report for 2016. taking advantage of the favorable opportunities arising from the further upgrading of handset camera products used in the smartphone industry and the rapid development of the vehicle imaging field, the group achieved sound growth in overall results, thus delivering promising returns for our shareholders in 2016.

looking back to 2016, the world economy continued to grow slowly, and the global economy struggled to recover. with the antiglobalization being much stronger, the world economy is exposed to various risks and challenges. as the worlds major economy, economic growth of china has back to the worlds number one. however, china still faced with greater economic downward pressure. in the environment of weak global macro-economy, the consumer electronics market continued to grow slowly. even though the smartphone market in the prc remained as the worlds largest mobile phone market, the room for overall development has become saturated, and it has entered into an age of stock. however, mobile phone manufacturers competed in performance, aesthetics and differentiated features, which has been further proved by the emerging application innovation of handset cameras. among others, the configuration of dual-camera was particularly impressive, which became a force that cannot be neglected in the next wave of upgrade of smartphones specifications.
on the other hand, with the popularity and implementation of the relevant rules and regulations in europe, america, japan and other countries and regions, as well as the significant development of advanced driver assistance systems (the adas), semi-automatic and full-automatic pilot technologies, the vehicle imaging field has been growing rapidly. being a leading handset lens sets and handset camera modules provider as well as the largest vehicle lens sets supplier in the world, the group has benefited from the growth.
despite facing the difficult external environment, the group has recorded satisfactory achievements in its core businesses and the three major business segments named optical components, optoelectronic products and optical instruments have developed rapidly. these achievements demonstrated the groups persistence to the position of optoelectronic industry and the development strategy of dedicate to and focus on existing business strengths. on the other hand, the group actively explored the development of the patterns for industry funds and the construction of internal mechanism in order to support the new transformation and upgrade with reforms and innovation, which were all beneficial for the group to achieve its 
in 2016, the passionate and experienced management team led all staff to adhere to the core corporate culture of create together, create the competitive advantage of customer focus, quick response with market-oriented technological innovation, improve quality control systems, constantly increase the technical added value and the market share of the products, to ensure the competitiveness of each product and consolidate its leading position in the market. the overall results of the group were in line with its anticipated growth.
the groups revenues for the year ended 31 december 2016 increased by approximately 36.6% to approximately rmb14,611.8 million. profit for the year attributable to owners of the company increased by approximately 66.8% to approximately rmb1,270.8 million. besides, the basic earnings per share increased by approximately 65.9% to approximately rmb117.6 cents. the board has proposed a final dividend of approximately rmb0.290 (equivalent to hk$0.323) (2015: approximately rmb0.208) per share.
awards and recognitions
in 2016, the group continued to invest in r&d, technologies and market in light of its adherence to the philosophy of customer focus, and was mindful about raising the level of its corporate governance and management. with the joint effort from its staff, the group received awards and accreditations from customers, industrial associations and institutions, local governments and the capital market. this is an indication that the products quality, technical capability, delivery, service capability and comprehensive competitiveness of the group were highly recognized in the industries and by our customers. with such encouragement and acknowledgement, the group would strive to provide the customers with better and newer products and services, and would carry on the strategy of transformation and upgrade with 
in 2017, uncertain matters, unforeseeable risks and various challenges of the global and chinese macro economy will be more complicated and severe. competition in various industries will be increasingly intensified. on one hand, affected by multiple factors such as politics, economy and supply and demand, the trend of the exchange rate of rmb against u.s dollars is still subject to great volatility and the control of exchange risks remains difficult. on the other hand, affected by the macro economy, the growth in overseas demand is still relatively uncertain. despite all kinds of uncertainties, the group believes that, in 2017, the demand for high-end smartphone cameras will still be strong; various innovative applications based on optics and optoelectronics will spring up; and the relevant technology will get more mature, based on which the emerging industries that the group is involved in will embrace a favourable opportunity for rapid development. vehicle imaging field is at a stage of rapid growth. accordingly, the group will focus on achieving technological breakthrough in key areas, actively explore potential customers and markets and further build a sound manufacturing system, as well as improve its production efficiency through combination with information management and by taking advantage of the analysis of big data. in addition, the group will optimize the supply chain management and promote the construction of quality system to improve the market competitiveness of its three major business segments, so that it can consolidate its market position.
looking ahead, the group will continue to adhere to its strategy of mingpeijiao (). apart from developing overall superiority based on its existing business strength, the group will manage to be a smart optical system solution provider and lay a solid foundation for the rapid development of optical instruments business, so as to accelerate its development in intelligent manufacturing and intelligent equipment industry. in addition, the group will further boost the construction of a new production base, innovate in internal mechanism and promote implementation of customer focus value in each link of its operation.
the group believes that opportunities are more than challenges in the future. all staff will continue to carry forward pioneering spirit of hard struggle, progressive and innovative spirit and team spirit of working together with a vision to become a hundred-year-old brand.appreciation the group would like to express its appreciation to all staff for their outstanding contribution towards the groups development. the board wishes to sincerely thank the management for their dedication and diligence, and they are the key factors to secure the groups continuous success in the future. also, the group wishes to extend its gratitude to the continuous support from its shareholders, customers, and business partners. the group will continue to deliver the sustainable development of the business, so as to meet its business objectives for 2017 and realise higher values for its shareholders and 
13 march 2017 