2016 overview: growth, development and breakthrough the year 2016 marked the beginning of the 13th five-year plan and was also a year in which the company achieved fruitful results with pioneering spirit. specifically, we achieved good results, emphasizing on the protection function of insurance, adhering to the operating guideline of prioritizing value, strengthening sales force, optimizing business structure, achieving stable growth and safeguarding against risks, and actively promoted supply-side reform. we achieved an incredible result not only in the history of the company but also in the history of the industry.
new records for business development. during the reporting period, the companys gross written premiums were rmb430,498 million, an increase of 18.3% year-on-year, the highest growth since 2009, making the company the first and the sole insurance company with premiums exceeding rmb400,000 million in china. first-year regular premiums were rmb93,945 million, an increase of 51.8% year-on-year, and first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer payment duration were rmb51,378 million, an increase of 59.0% year-on-year, both indicators setting record highs.
premiums from short-term insurance were rmb40,060 million, an increase of 23.7% year-on-year. renewal premiums were rmb223,502 million, exceeding rmb200,000 million for the first time, realizing an increase of 16.6% year-onyear, and setting a record high since 2012.
great breakthrough in business restructuring. the company continued reducing its single premium business in the bancassurance channel and focused on accelerating the growth of first-year regular premium business. first-year regular premiums and first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer payment duration doubled over the past two years.
the percentage of first-year regular premiums in long-term new policy premiums was 56.28%, an increase of 12.06 percentage points year-on-year. the first-year regular premiums surpassed single premiums for the first time since the listing of the company. of these, the percentage of first-year regular premiums with ten years or longer payment duration in first-year regular premiums was 54.69%, an increase of 2.49 percentage points year-on-year. along with the high growth of the businesses, the premium payment duration was also lengthened, resulting in the initial establishment of a sustainable development model with first-year premiums driven by first-year regular premiums and gross written premiums driven by renewal businesses. meanwhile, the company pushed forward the product diversification strategy, promoted product innovation, put more efforts into developing protection type businesses, and continually optimized the business structure. the value of one years sales was rmb49,311 million, an increase of 56.4% year-on-year, with the value doubled over the past two years.
new enhancement in competitiveness. no matter how long and difficult the road is, one can reach the destination with steady walks. being market-oriented, centering around the development of individual insurance as the guideline and pushing forward the three core strategies of developing individual business, focusing on large-and medium-sized cities and reinforcing rural business development with concerted efforts, the company was committed to improving sustainable development capability and the competitiveness in key markets. with a leading market share in terms of gross written premiums, the company also took the lead in terms of first-year regular premiums and sales force in the exclusive agent channel whose core role has been brought into full play. competitive landscape in large- and mediumsized cities has continued to improve and first-mover advantage in rural market has been further reinforced. as at the end of the reporting period, the total number of sales force across all channels was 1.814 million, an increase of 57.1% year-on-year. the number of productive agents grew significantly, and remarkable achievements have been made in the size expansion and quality improvement of the sales force.
new progress in reform and innovation. being customer-oriented and accelerating the construction of a new generation of integrated business processing system, the company started its business process reengineering, constructed a new business mode and technological infrastructure, and launched two platforms of china life e-store and china life e-bao mobile customer services system, as well as more than twenty new applications, through which customer experience and operational efficiency have been significantly improved, and as a result, the company has taken a solid step in the transformation to an internet-based operation and management mode. in addition, the company built a motivating platform for innovation, and established four operation and management innovation pilot zones where the atmosphere of reform and innovation was strong and the fruitful results generated by innovation were gradually 
new stride in comprehensive strength. as at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the company amounted to rmb2.70 trillion, an increase of 10.2% year-on-year, remaining at the first place in the industry, and investment assets amounted to rmb2.45 trillion, an increase of 7.2% year-on-year. core solvency ratio and comprehensive solvency ratio of the company reached 280.34% and 297.16%, respectively. the company achieved an industry-leading score in the solvency aligned risk management requirements and assessment (sarmra) conducted by the circ. in order to accommodate new situations of economic and financial development and meet comprehensive needs of customers, the company successfully increased its stakes in china guangfa bank co., ltd. (cgb), and a concerted action plan between cgb and the company was initiated, under which insurance products sold by cgb business outlets grew rapidly and preliminary synergy effects from insurance-banking collaboration have been emerging.
retrospective review: seizing opportunities, sticking to the inherent rules, and harmonizing with the stakeholders in 2016, at the 20th anniversary of the separated operation of life insurance business and the overall adoption of the individual agent system, the company has achieved outstanding results in leap-frog development of its business and a historic breakthrough in business restructuring. what the company has achieved in 2016 is the result of advancement with great endeavor and accumulated hard work for many years. extensive experience in chinese insurance market tells us that fulfilling the essence of the insurance industry requires persistence, and the new era of reform needs enthusiasm 
seizing opportunities. a flexible person with good knowledge can win, and a creative person with integrity can make progress. reform and opening-up over three decades has brought profound changes to chinas economy and society, and the consistent improvement of the market economy has laid an institutional foundation for the insurance industry.
in particular, since the issuance of the several opinions of the state council on accelerating the development of the modern insurance service in 2014, developing the commercial insurance industry has become a national commitment.
seizing the opportunities and adhering to the guideline of development as the first priority, the company was committed to continuous growth of the value of our business and the upgrade of insurance supply so as to meet the increasing insurance demands of customers. adapting to changes in the demographic structure, changes in the ways of care for senior citizens, new requirements for social security, and healthcare system reforms, the company implemented the strategy of integrated pension and inclusive healthcare service. specifically, the company undertook more than 250 supplementary major medical insurance projects, providing services for 420 million people; carried out innovative smart pension services by establishing senior living communities in places such as beijing, suzhou, tianjin, and sanya; and creating a healthcare and pension service sub-brand called china life senior living homes, forming a strategic layout of the senior living communities featuring three points in a line and evergreen in four seasons; and the company sped up its presence in the healthcare and medicare industry and extended the healthcare industry chain.
firmly following the anti-poverty strategy of the state, the company advanced the mode of poverty alleviation by means of insurance in ningxia, gansu and chongqing and developed inclusive businesses such as micro-insurance to achieve a unification between economic and social benefits. with the help of the national internet+ initiative, the company deeply integrated it innovation results and life insurance business, advancing the construction of high-tech china life and firmly facilitating reform and innovation throughout the company.
sticking to the inherent rules. for anything to succeed, it requires thorough consideration and then forceful execution. as a leader in the industry, the companys development echoed the path of life insurance industry in china towards an insurance superpower in the world. just as the leap-frog development of the chinese insurance industry has not always been smooth, china lifes development is full of obstacles. in many years of our professional operation, we learned by doing and did by learning, increasingly realizing the significance of knowing the rules, following the rules and practicing the rules, which is the greatest advantage of an insurance operation. adhering to the philosophy of prudent operation and credible service, we controlled the cost of liabilities to a reasonable level and realized an interactive linkage between assets and liabilities; sticking to the development plan of focusing on value, regular premiums, individual insurance, sales force and urban areas and taking value as the guide, we coordinated the relations among shareholders, employees, sales force and customers; we put great efforts into developing long- and medium-term regular businesses and protection type products, optimizing business structure and reinforcing sustainable development; we followed a route of business growth driven by development of sales force, including both its size expansion and quality improvement, and continually expanded our business coverage and the rate of market penetration. while persisting in our constant recurring rules, we realized change is the only constant, such that we took innovation driven as the general strategy and have been actively building the company to be an innovative enterprise. we need to achieve accelerated growth while building a firm foundation, and look for opportunities and momentum while embracing the changes.
harmonizing with the stakeholders. victory is ensured when people pool their strength; success is secured when people pour their talents together. we valued customer interests, offered solutions based on customer needs, and cultivated new customers while maintaining existing customers so that customer resources became the value engine for corporate development. we listened to the opinions of investors, and communicated with investors in all respects, and in addition to ensuring that shareholders shared in the growth of the company, we also actively included opinions of investors into the boards decision making process. knowing the truth that prosperity of a business is driven by people, we listened to employees and agents, improved the talent development system, advanced the china life entrepreneur project, and built platforms for employees and agents career development, thus steadily increasing the income of the sales force and enhancing the organic driving force. consciously contributing to the economy and society and actively engaging in public welfare undertakings, we are an excellent corporate citizen. with the expectations of the companys stakeholders being generally satisfied and stronger senses of achievement being fulfilled by employees and agents, the corporate culture of success for you, success by you could be further promoted.
2017 outlook: stability, transformation and development with a new year coming, spring is back on the earth. the year 2017 is a year of deepening the supply-side structural reform and also an important year to make china life stronger and better. based on a comprehensive analysis of domestic and international situations, the global economy is expected to continue its slow growth, and instability and uncertainty are significantly increasing. china is in a critical stage of overcoming obstacles, with its economy facing downside pressure and challenges. despite all these problems accompanying advancement and development, the fundamental trend of a slower but stable performance with good momentum for economic growth in china remains unchanged, and golden opportunities for the development of the insurance industry still exist. especially, with more stringent regulations and requirements set by the circ and the advancement of the industrys transformation, more opportunities arise for a value-oriented and prudent company like china life.
standing at a new starting point, we will stick to the general keynote of making steady progress, focusing on stability of the companys strategies and operations, and seeking progress in transformation and innovation. the company will stick to the guideline of supply-side reform, strictly follow the right direction, and advance the three critical tasks of accelerated growth, transformation and upgrade, and risk prevention and control to improve the level of supply.
we will accelerate our transformation to an operation and management mode which is customer-oriented, featured by internet and artificial intelligence, so as to substantially improve customer experience and make china life the first choice for customers. we will establish a professional and systematic sales channel management system, fully promote the sales transformation, and further improve the quality and efficiency of development; adhere to the value-oriented principle, serve the overall interests of the country, enhance our investment capabilities, and do our best to raise profit while effectively preventing investment risks; strengthen the management of assets and liabilities, push forward the diversification of products, increase our efforts in developing the protection type businesses, and gradually promote the diversification of the companys profit sources. meanwhile, we will thoroughly implement a cross-channel operation as well as insurance-banking collaboration, promote the integration of resources in a deeper and more diverse direction, and fully exploit the development potential. in the meantime, we will also implement the strategy of innovation driven development with great efforts, deepen the market-oriented reform, take advantage of our strengths, and continually enhance the companys development momentum.
the times offer china life a historic opportunity to develop and prosper, and a noble mission to serve the society. we will put ourselves in customers position, uphold virtues and improve ourselves day after day to achieve perfection.
by order of the board 
23 march 2017 