results of the year in 2016, a volatile world economy began to show signs of a slow recovery. the chinese economy entered a new normal, as it recorded gdp growth of 6.7% yearon-year.
with the supply-side structural reform progressing at a steady pace, further improvements were made to the economic structure. the growth of the tertiary and high-tech industry accelerated, which provided fresh momentum for a sustained and healthy future growth of the economy. natural gas became a more economical choice compared with the alternative energy, thanks to the gas price cut in november 2015 and the rebound in global oil prices. on top of that, the chinese government enacted more stringent environmental measures and stepped up its drive to promote coalto-gas and oil-to-gas conversion with a view to improving air quality, which led to sustained improvements in the downstream gas demand. according to the national development and reform commission
(ndrc), chinas apparent natural gas consumption amounted to 205.8 billion cubic metres in 2016, representing a yearon-year growth of 7%.
in the face of an ever-changing operating environment, the group stood by its customer-oriented philosophy. supported by its excellent operation campaign and driven by reforms and innovation, the group went all out to tap the potential of its traditional businesses. it fully leveraged the internet and technological means to vigorously develop new businesses. thanks to the concerted effort of its employees, the group achieved all the business goals made at the beginning of the year. the groups gas sales volume in 2016 reached 14,386 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 27.2% year-on-year. natural gas sales volume in 2016 grew by 27.0% to 14,329 million cubic metres as compared with last year. during the year, the group completed piped natural gas connection for 1,820,837 new residential households and 11,821 ci customers (with total installed designed daily capacity of 12,574,005 cubic metres for new ci customers). as of the end of 2016, the group operated a total of 320 cng refuelling stations and 277 lng refuelling stations respectively.
the group was determined to expand the scope of its operations by acquiring 8 new projects and 12 new concessions nearby existing projects during the year. as of the end of 2016, projects of the group in china covered a connectable population of 77.42 
the group also expanded into new synergistic and value-added businesses.
during the year, the sales volume of the groups energy trading business reached 3,037 million cubic metres, representing a significant growth of 146.6% year-on-year.
revenue of sales of other energy, such as cooling, heating, steam and electricity, amounted to rmb153 million, representing a significant growth of 84.3% year-on-year.
the group utilised its existing customer base for the sales of gas appliances and generated revenue of rmb238 million, representing a significant increase of 
the group also entered into long-term lng sale and purchase agreements with total,
chevron corporation and origin energy
limited, pursuant to which it will import a total of 1.43 million tonnes of lng per year starting from 2018 or 2019. the group strategically secured certain lng supplies to provide long-term and stable support to the groups core downstream business 
for the year ended 31 december 2016, the groups turnover was rmb34,103 million, representing an increase of 6.4% year-on-year. gross profit margin and net profit margin of the group were 21.6% and 8.5% respectively, up 0.2 percentage point and remain unchanged respectively over 
stripping out the impact of rmb1,061 million from the items in other gains and losses and amortisation of share option expenses, profit increased by 17.3% compared to the corresponding period in 2015 to rmb3,212 million.
in recognition of the shareholders support to the company, the board recommends a final dividend of hk$0.83 (equivalent to approximately rmb0.74) per share, payable to shareholders registered in the register of shareholders on 6 june 2017.
the total amount of dividend would be approximately rmb799 million.
stable and sound financial position
as at 31 december 2016, the groups total debts amounted to rmb16,791 million (2015: rmb15,680 million) and bank balances and cash for the purpose of computing net gearing ratio amounted to rmb7,163 million (2015: rmb7,355 million). the groups net gearing ratio, i.e., the ratio of net debt to total equity (including non-controlling interests), was 53.9% (2015: 51.7%). in response to the risk of rmb depreciation, the group early repaid a bank loan of usd114 million (equivalent to approximately rmb739 million). furthermore, the group also repurchased usd349 million in principal amount of the usd715 million 6% senior notes due 2021 in december 2016 and refinanced by rmb2.5 billion 3.55% bonds with a tenure of three years. in addition, the company entered into structured foreign currency forward contracts with certain financial institutions to manage its foreign currency risk, based on current estimation, the foreign exchange exposure substantially reduced from rmb9,293 million to rmb3,258 million. the group continued to maintain a sound financial position during the year. the credit rating agency moodys has maintained a baa3 investment-grade rating and a positive outlook on the group. meanwhile, standard & poors and fitch both maintained their bbb investment-grade ratings and stable 
establishing customer-oriented and

in order to support the sustained growth of the business in a market environment that is changing all the time, and to enhance the operational efficiency, the group in 2016 hastened the pace of organisation reform and built a customer-oriented and platform-based organisation and operation system. centred around self-organisation, self-management, self-innovation and self-motivation, the group advanced the set up of a customer-oriented and selfmotivating 
the self-motivating mechanism that sets customers at the centre of business and business at the centre of resources allocation was established preliminarily with the aim of allocating resources based on customers needs, and thus increased customer satisfaction. the operability of the smart enterprise was forged with advanced internet technologies such as a sales operation platform, a construction visualisation platform, an integrated operation platform and a cloud data platform. that way, resources were allocated more efficiently, and costs were better controlled with multi-channel interaction with customers. in 2016, together with the growth of business, the growth of distribution, selling and administrative expenses was only 2.8%, a significant drop of 8.2 percentage points as compared with 2015.
environmental, social and

for many years, the group has considered harmonious development as its core values. it formulated a plan for sustainable corporate growth and adopted practical and effective measures.
it never let up in its efforts in such areas as business development, safe operations, environmental protection and charity. in doing so, it achieved the goal of a harmonious coexistence of energy development and the environment.
the group fully understands that the sustainable development of esg aspects is crucial to its long term growth. for this reason, it attaches great importance to the social and environmental impact of its operations and at the same time established and optimised the operation system based on health, safety and environment; production safety and staff health awareness is emphasised at every phase in the production and operation. inspired by the needs of the customer, the group never stops improving service awareness and thus customer satisfaction, and it also gives back to society through charity and voluntary activities. adhering to its mission of promoting clean energy, improving living environment, increasing system efficiency, creating value for customers, the group has built a modern energy system that is clean, low carbon, safe and efficient. its ecological thinking centres around conducting business in a green way and conducting operations in a low-carbon way, so as to minimise the impact of its activities on the environment and natural resources. in future, the group will carry on listening to the stakeholders and continue to enhance its esg management with a view to maximising the long-term interests of itself and its shareholders, customers, employers and society.

the group received the following honours 
2016 national may 1st labour certificate awarded by all-china federation of trade unions;
best cfo (ranked no.2 in power sector) and best analyst day (ranked no.3 in power sector) in 2016 allasia executive team ranking by
institutional investor, a renowned international financial magazine; china top 500 in 2016 by fortune 
2015 top 100 listed company in hong kong organised by qq.com and 
the group will spare no efforts to ensure that investors, employees and members of society can enjoy the fruits of its steady business development and enhancement of corporate governance.
gas industry reform
in 2016, the chinese government launched various policies to speed up the gas market reform, boost the development of the gas market and set out clear targets. in terms of price management, it published the notice on stricter price control for local natural gas distribution and reduction of
gas consumption costs of enterprises.
the notice proposed a comprehensive price review of all sectors in the natural gas industry, a reduction of the excessive cost for provincial pipeline transmission and distribution, a decrease in the number of intermediaries and a standardisation of the collection of charges. on the other hand, the interim administrative measures for the pricing of natural gas pipeline transmission and interim supervising measures for the cost pricing of natural gas pipeline transmission stipulated that the pipeline transmission price shall be determined by the government with a price cap, namely the sum of the cost of the pipeline transmission service and a permitted return based on a rate of 8% on top of the cost price and taxation.
the measures propose that the cap be applied to the pipeline transmission fee for a regulatory term of maximum three years. in terms of market-oriented pricing, the notice on clarifying issues related to pricing policy of gas storage facilities and
notice on taking forward market-oriented reform of gas pricing in the chemical fertiliser sector expressly provide for the full liberalisation of pricing of gas storage service and natural gas consumption in the chemical fertiliser sector. the notice on issues related to natural gas city-gate pricing in fujian proposes the trial marketoriented price reform at fujian natural gas city-gate, where the price of west-toeast transmission is subject to negotiation between the suppliers and purchasers.
the notice on information disclosure of oil and gas pipeline network facilities
requires oil and gas companies to disclose information on oil and gas pipeline network facilities and terminals, thereby providing further policy support to speed up the third party access of mid-stream facilities.
the recently published opinions on accelerating the promotion of natural gas utilisation (for solicitation of opinions) and the 13th five-year plan on natural gas development served as the guiding framework for the orderly and steady development of the gas industry during the period of the 13th five-year plan, in which the government reiterates its target for the share of natural gas in primary energy consumption to reach 8 to 10% by 2020 and proposes a variety of measures to boost downstream demand and intensify 
in addition, as the shanghai petroleum and natural gas exchange commenced operation on 26 november 2016 and the chongqing petroleum and natural gas
exchange was officially incorporated on 12 january 2017, the ndrc has taken an important step forward to boost natural gas trading and implement in-depth pricing reform. such move has not only helped accelerate the setting of a fair market price for natural gas and the creation of suitable conditions for its liberalisation, but also strengthened the global influence of the domestic natural gas market, as its practice was in line with that of the international market. the group is expected to secure diversified gas sources for its business development and at the same time obtain market information and enhance its influence in the industry through gas trading on the exchanges.
the acceleration of gas industry reform will be conducive to downstream market demand and cost reduction of gas source.
it will also bring new business opportunities that create synergy with existing core businesses. the group will continue to make strategic plans in advance based on the progress of the industry and market reform and steadily pursue business development by capitalising on the competitive price of natural gas and opportunities ushered in by policy support.

looking ahead, china will continue to step up its supply-side structural reform in 2017 while promoting the crafting of an ecological civilisation and a green, lowcarbon energy strategy. as a result, the city-gas business, vehicleship refuelling business and distributed energy business all have room for growth. the group will carry on developing its residential user base and exploring the potential of ci customers in order to strengthen its citygas business. it will improve its network and adopt innovative measures to enhance profitability of its vehicleship refuelling business. it will continue to expand its energy trading business and diversify its sources of gas supply on the back of its resources procurement capabilities and various trading platforms such as the company owned greatgas.cn and equity investment in the shanghai petroleum and natural gas exchange and
the chongqing petroleum and natural gas exchange. seizing opportunities in the reform of the electricity market and leveraging the groups customer base in the city-gas projects, the group will push forward its distributed energy business and integrated energy sales business so as to realise its transition and upgrade from a gas distributor to an integrated energy supplier. the group is confident that it can become a reputable integrated energy supplier through innovations of its business model and through upgrades to its pursuit of excellent operational. it will not cease to enhance its corporate value in order to create better returns for its shareholders.

the groups persistent rapid growth hinges on the continuous support from its customers, business partners, shareholders and its staff. on behalf of the board, i would like to express my most sincere gratitude to each of them.

21 march 2017 