the group accelerated its strategic transformation of business, optimized product portfolio continuously, and took the leading role in property industry with brand philosophy of total value, total life.

on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of beijing capital land ltd. (bcl or the company; together with its subsidiary, the group), i am pleased to present the groups annual results for the year ended 31 december 2011.
in 2011, the growth of the global economy generally slowed down under the cloud of the euro-zone sovereign debt crisis. against this backdrop, chinas economy continued to stay on track of stable and healthy growth.
meanwhile, the structure of chinas economy had undergone changes, with the emergence of domestic consumption which became a key driving force for the stable and brisk growth of the economy, as growth of external demand was shrinking.
the central government and the governments of all levels promulgated a series of stringent regulatory measures including the notice of the state council on resolutely curbing the soaring of housing prices in some cities (also known as the the state councils no. 8 national notice), home buying restriction and differentiated credit policies to effectively suppress speculative investments in the property market, enable the stable and healthy development of the property market, and restore property prices to reasonable levels to protect peoples livelihood in 2011. as the regulatory measures became increasingly stern, investment and speculative demand would gradually fade out, replaced with solid market demand and demand for improving living conditions. as consumers are becoming more rational, the balance in the supply and demand of the market is gradually restored.in 2011, the group accelerated its strategic transformation of business, optimized product portfolio continuously, and took the leading role in property industry with brand philosophy of total value, total life amidst the adjustment of economic structure and tightening regulatory control in the property market.
while the group further consolidated its development strategy of integrated and value operation, it continuously promoted urbanization in mainstream regions and economic development of emerging districts. during the year, the group had 28 projects on sale in 11 key cities of the three main economic regions at the bohai rim, the yangtze river delta and mid-southwestern china. as at 31 december 2011, contracted sales gross floor area (gfa) of the group amounted to approximately 1.18 million sq. m. and contracted sales totaled rmb11 billion, a generally stable sales performance in spite of the slowdown of overall sale-through rate in the industry.
in 2011, the groups revenue and profit attributable to equity holders reached to rmb7,523,321,000 and rmb955,062,000, representing growth of 16% and 4% year-on-year respectively. the board resolved the payment of rmb0.19 per share as the final dividend for the year ended 31 december 2011.
in retrospect, despite the fall in transaction volumes in some major cities as a result of tightening austerity measures, solid market demand, especially demand for improving living conditions remained vibrant. consumers raised their concerns for variety of supporting facilities other than their residence, making integrated development projects a mainstream product type in the industry. upon comprehensive evaluation of market changes and future industry development trend as a result of regulatory policies implementations impact of market demand, the group had timely adjustment of its product structure by increasing the supply of flats for first time home buyers and buyers with a aim of improving their living conditions first time, and strengthening integrated developments and the launch of residential complexes, to keep abreast with market demand. meanwhile, the group is enhancing its market influence through the regional economic development brought forth by the groups projects. this created competitive edges for the group in realizing scale breakthrough, stabilizing its market position and gaining larger market share. during the year, the group launched a number of new projects, including beijing landscape villa, tianjin international peninsula, tianjin a-z town,
chengdu wanjuanshan, qingdao sunny central park
no. 1 and all these projects posted satisfactory sales performance and were well-received by the market.
other major projects on sale, such as beijing urban town, beijing ballet town, tianjin first city, tianjin noble city, tianjin fortune city, tianjin landing house, chengdu first city, chengdu citt villa, xian first city,
shenyang first city etc, continued to deliver stable sales performance.
leveraging on the edges of three mature business lines, namely traditional residential development, new integrated residential projects and primary land development, the group proactively accumulates quality land bank resources, further enhancing its advantages in integrated operations and business innovation. during the year, the group accelerated balanced development across china in accordance with its strategy of focusing on developed cities while expanding in second and third-tier cities. the group increased its land bank with total gfa of 2.46 million sq. m in beijing, tianjin, qingdao, yantai, jiangyin, and wanning in hainan. as the groups new integrated residential projects grew steadily, the group secured the fourth outlets integrated project in hainan wanning, forming a national planning of outlets in beijing, foshan, huzhou and hainan wanning. the groups primary land development also made further progress, through the creation of synergy with the infrastructure business of the parent company, capital group, supporting the implementation of primary and secondary development at full speed. the newly acquired projects including beijing shunyi zhaoquanying project, beijing pinggu jinhaihu project and tianjin wuqing project are also in steady progress.
during the year under review, the group spearheaded some innovative financing channels with its unique characteristics through long-term strategic collaboration with large-scale financial institutions, despite of tightening credit policy for property developers. by transforming the groups business model from assetfocus to asset-light, it creates diverse financing channels which provide ample capital for the groups expansion against the industry cycle. in february 2011, the group successfully issued a three-year rmb 1.15 billion guaranteed bond with a coupon rate of 4.75% in hong kong, further broadening financial channels.
this has also made the group the first non-financial enterprise to issue rmb guaranteed bond using the 
looking ahead in 2012, the group will adhere to the operating principle of economies of scale and continuous efficiency enhancement and continue the core strategy of resources integration, value operation and accelerated turnover. the group will strive to maintain steady growth in major operation indicators through realizing the scale breakthrough by accelerated asset turnover and steady expansion, on the basis of the solid foundation of 2011 exploration of new business. the group will continue its national strategy that focuses on the three major circles of the cities in the bohai rim, yangtze river delta and pearl river delta, and step up development of regions with potential such as the mid-west regions and hainan international tourist island, to diversify risk and cultivate new growth drivers. in terms of business model, the group will continue to explore the new integrated operation business model which combines primary land development with property development, strengthen the strategic involvement in the emerging industries in major regional development projects as well as the commercial operation of outlets integrated residential projects. in the aspect of financing, the group will actively explore the possible cooperation with strategic partners who have a solid financial position, so as to implement diversified financing channels such as real estate investment fund, and equity and debt financing in domestic and international markets.
at last, i, on behalf of the board, would like to express our sincere gratitude to our clients, business partners and shareholders, for their care, support and help to the group. the group will work with our staff members hand in hand to create a better future. leveraging our solid foundation of integrated business operation, competitive edges in product differentiation and innovative development strategy, the group endeavors to promote standard improvement and complete transformation of chinas property market, so as to become the most valuable integrated property operator.

hong kong, 19 march 2012 