on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of beijing capital land ltd. (bcl or the company; together with its subsidiaries, the group), i am pleased to present the groups annual results for the year ended 31 december 2016.
in 2016, the global economy, and in particular many developed economies, continued to experience muted growth, and a trend of deglobalization began to emerge. growth in the us fell short of expectations and the federal reserve raised interest rates cautiously at the end of the year. in the eurozone, growth also remained slow and uncertainties relating to brexit and reforms across the eurozone mounted. in contrast, many emerging markets witnessed improved economic growth, but signs of divergence among different countries remained evident. during the year, chinas economy maintained stable growth as its gdp expanded at an annual rate of 6.7%. efforts were made to effectively promote supply-side structural reforms and appropriately deal with financial risks. these measures steadily enhanced the quality of economic growth, signaling a good start for the 13th five-year plan period.
in the property market, property transaction volume in china hits new highs, though increasing signs of divergence among cities emerged. during the first three quarters, driven by factors including a relative easing of monetary policy and the launch of the new two-child policy, transaction volumes gradually picked up, housing prices in some popular cities accelerated, and land prices climbed accordingly. during the fourth quarter, as the majority of popular cities intensively rolled out tightening policies for the property market, transaction volumes declined due to the tighter market environment. the property market in first-tier cities and popular second-tier cities recovered, with transaction volumes and prices increasing as the demand among consumers to upgrade their living situation continued. destocking remained the key focus in most third- and fourth-tier cities and helped ease inventory pressure to some extent, which helped to stabilize property prices.
2016 was the third year of bcls strategic five-year plan. during the year, the group adopted achieving quality growth as its core vision and stepped up its efforts to balance transaction volumes and transaction prices. the group was able to successfully increase both by taking advantage of favorable market conditions in popular cities. the group recorded total contracted sales of rmb45.51 billion, an increase of 40% year-over-year, setting a new record in terms of the scale of contracted sales. the average selling price was rmb20,000 per square meter, an increase of 72.3% year-overyear.
total contracted sales in beijing, tianjin and shanghai increased 61.9% year-over-year to rmb33.79 billion, accounting for 74.2% of the total. the strong performance overall demonstrates the effectiveness of the groups strategy of focusing on central cities and resources.
in 2016, the group continued to focus on its five core cities in china, and australia for land investments, and mainly concentrated on building projects for homeinterests who are looking to upgrade their living situation in core cities. the group made rmb18.1 billion of land investments, of which, beijing, tianjin and shanghai accounted for 88.7%, or rmb16.05 billion, which helped to further replenish bcls prime land bank in core cities. meanwhile, supported by capital group, the company acquired two more primary land development projects, namely the second phase of the beijing hujialou project and the pinggu bai ge zhuang project (including a shantytown renovation project), which lay a solid foundation for the company to add superior land bank in the future. during the year, the company entered the brisbane market, the third most populous city in australia, through a joint venture with brisbanes renowned property developer, the arden property group. the project was put on the market in 2016 and recorded total contracted sales of approximately rmb1.14 billion.
during the year, the group set out to achieving quality growth by effectively improving product quality and internal management capabilities. the group won wide recognition in the market for rolling out a product strategy called, build with heart, which was instrumental in the successful construction of the high-end tian yue product line and in pushing forward the establishment of standardized products. in an effort to become a fully customer-centric business, the group has built up its own property management brand, which now oversees an aggregated area of over 10 million square meters and has helped to effectively improve overall customer satisfaction. the group continued to exercise tight cost control and accelerate the implementation of a centralized strategic procurement system, which contributed to significant cost savings when purchasing materials. currently, more than 75% of the groups projects are covered by 
during the year, the groups outlets business line entered a new stage of development. with five newly acquired outlets projects as at january 2017, the groups outlets business line currently covers 13 cities and ranks no.1 nationwide in terms of number of outlet projects, laying a solid foundation to become the top integrated outlets operator in china.
the groups four outlets that are already in operation generated annual turnover of rmb2.4 billion in 2016, an increase of 17% year-over-year, and formed strategic partnerships with more than 100 brands. during the year, capital juda announced that sino-ocean group and kkr agreed to subscribe for capital judas ordinary shares and perpetual convertible bond securities for a total consideration of approximately hkd1,477million. with rich industry experience and extensive resource advantages, these two investors are expected to help further expand the groups outlets 
in 2016, the group successfully submitted an a-share listing application to the csrc. the group also took advantage of favorable opportunities driven by the abundance of liquidity to effectively lower its funding costs. in 2016, bcl successfully issued private placement corporate bonds with an aggregate principal amount of rmb10 billion at an average coupon rate of 4.04%. china chengxin securities rating company also raised bcls corporate credit rating to aaa and affirmed a stable outlook, which supports the groups efforts to further reduce its financing costs.
looking forward 2017, the group will continue to adopt achieving quality growth as its core vision and will remain deeply focused on securing high quality resources. taking advantage of the countrys beijing-tianjin-hebei integration, the group will leverage integrated and diversified channels to acquire land resources, and aggressively develop its business in primary land development and shantytown renovation. the group will focus on the execution of its made by bcl 2020 strategy, which revolves around crafting the highest-quality projects, catering to customer demand, and supporting the property management business. the group will accelerate its outlets business development and integrate its leading international business resources through joint ventures. bcl will also proactively push forward its a-share ipo plan in order to improve the funding platform of the group. the group will also make efforts to control debt levels, diversify financing channels, reduce funding costs, and optimize financial structure.
on behalf of the board, i would like to express our sincerity to all of our shareholders, partners, and customers for your long-term care, support, and help. bcl will remain committed to transformation and innovation, continue to enhance its competitive advantages, and strive to become chinas most valuable integrated property developer.

hong kong, 20 february 2017 