the group remains committed to executing our strategy, strengthening our portfolio by acquiring high quality land in core cities, and expanding 
on behalf of the board of directors (the board) of beijing capital land ltd. (bcl or the company; together with its subsidiaries, the group), i am pleased to present the groups annual results for the year ended 31 december 2014.
the global economy in 2014 slowed and saw a number of uneven developments. the u.s. economy largely recovered and picked up momentum as the u.s. federal reserve appears to be on track to gradually end quantitative easing. however, the economies of other developed countries and regions remain stressed and experienced various downturns. emerging markets continued on a path of industrial and structural improvements while demonstrating stable growth momentum. as an important emerging market, china has stepped into a new normal phase, characterized by an increased emphasis on higher quality growth.
namely, the pace of economic growth will slow and move towards a more sustainable level from prior periods of hyper-growth. as the economic structure evolves, innovation will be a more important growth driver rather than productivity and investment.
during 2014, chinas property sector adjusted from last years rapid growth and also moved towards a new normal. administrative policies were gradually lifted, movement on longer-term structural adjustments started to be seen, and market forces began to play a more important role. this new environment is leading to more rational consumer expectations and intense industrial competition. new integrated and innovative business models, including property-related internet businesses, will be the new focus of the industry and drive potential growth. the property sector has entered a new phase of development and will encounter new challenges and opportunities.
2014 was the first year of our new strategic five year plan. as a part of this plan, we focused on projects in five core cities across three main business lines, and took advantage of investment opportunities in primary land markets. in 2014, our land investment totaled rmb19.4 billion with a focus on beijing, tianjin, shanghai, chengdu, and chongqing, and gfa totaled to 3.54 million sq. m., mainly for high-turnover, homebuyer oriented products. beijing and shanghai accounted for over 70% of total investment. we therefore strengthened our foothold in beijing and started to execute on our strategy in shanghai.
we rapidly expanded our global business in 2014. bcl joined hands with australian developers to launch mid-to-high-end residential projects in sydney, namely project eve and project carlingford, in 2014. all apartments that were released sold out quickly, with total contracted sales reaching rmb2.3 billion. our overseas business has become an important focus of development which provides new opportunities to the 
considerable efforts have been made to promote our integrated residential + outlet business line, which is further bolstering our position as a leading nationwide outlet developer. our beijing capital outlets recorded turnover of rmb900 million in the second year of operation. the hainan integrated outlets and huzhou integrated outlets were also launched in 2014. all three outlets were awarded aaa tourist attractions by the china national tourism administration and became new tourism hot spots in their respective regions. by the end of 2014, our collection of outlet developments have attracted nearly 700 domestic and international brands, demonstrating our strong capabilities in commercial operations and management.
during the year, we explored new and diversified financing channels in order to develop a comprehensive financing platform. in 2014, we injected 100% equity interest of xian project into our subsidiary, juda international holdings limited (stock code: 1329). juda is a steadily developing red-chip platform that develops integrated commercial properties and innovative businesses, and provides access to mature overseas capital markets. in addition, we established a us$1 billion guaranteed medium term note and perpetual securities programme, and issued rmb3.25 billion of senior bonds and us$450 million of perpetual securities. in 2014, we also collaborated with a number of financial institutions to set up several real estate funds. bcl and citic trust teamed up to invest rmb3.9 billion in two projects in beijing and chongqing.
in 2014, we proactively adopted measures to increase our sales performance during a period of industry adjustment. as part of these measures, we focused on accelerating project development and sales. for example, we greatly shortened the launch of construction and sales for projects that were newly obtained in 2014 to 5.5 months and 8.4 months, respectively. secondly, we leveraged the internet to increase the number of sales and marketing channels that consumers have access to, combining onsite, offsite, and online channels, and creating a comprehensive online-to-offline (o2o) platform. the initiative has already helped to improve our sales performance. thirdly, we adopted a direct investment program for several projects that allows bcl team members to invest in their projects, which helps to align incentives between shareholders and project teams. teams that have adopted the direct investment program have seen significant improvements in contracted sales, cost controls and project development speed. during the year under review, we recorded total contracted sales area of approximately 2.495 million sq.m., an increase of 29.8% year-on-year, and total contracted sales were approximately rmb24.86 billion, an increase of 26.8 % year-onyear.
we have experienced rapid growth in our overall business development and demonstrated significant progress on our new five-year strategy. looking forward to 2015, the group remains committed to executing our strategy, strengthening our portfolio by acquiring high quality land in core cities, and expanding overseas investments. we will redouble our efforts to leverage the internet to further accelerate sales and marketing channels, and introduce innovative initiatives in property management and customer service. we will also continue to build a standardized and centralized procurement platform in order to control costs and improve operational efficiency. in addition, further promotion of the direct investment program will aid our development as employees transform into partners.
on behalf of the board, i would like to express our gratitude to bcls clients, business partners and shareholders for their care, support and help over the past year. we are big advocates of promoting our core values of passion, reliability, sharing, happiness, collaborative innovation. we will continue to forge ahead, accelerate our transformation and innovation, enhance our unique competitive edge, and devote ourselves to becoming one of the most valuable integrated property developers in china.

hong kong, 9 february 2015 