in 2016, the global economy faced severe challenges in its development, while nearby regions remained unstable in terms of their political environments under gradually intensifying political tensions among major economies.
negative market sentiment spread under the us presidential election and the expectation of us federal reserve rate hike, as well as the substantial impact on european and even global economy brought by brexit and italian referendum defeat, while japan and canada have shown signs of weak recovery in economic development.
china, affected by a number of factors including weak recovery of the global economy, adjustment of the countrys economic growth cycle and excess production capacity, is expected to have steady growth and risk prevention as the core goals of its macroeconomic development. while the structural reform of economy continues, the growth of new business norms and models in china was rapid. the expansion and upgrade of customers demand coupled with optimisation of consumption structure brought by long-term economic growth already became a new impetus to chinas economic growth under its new social environment. industrialisation, informatisation, urbanisation and agricultural modernisation continue to deepen and give rise to further expansion of strong and long-term domestic 
in 2016, the growth of gdp in china grew by 6.7% year-on-year to rmb74.4 trillion, ranking amongst the top around the world and dismissing speculation from international market about the possibility of a hard landing of the chinese economy. the countrys total retail sales grew by 10.4% year-on-year to rmb33.2 trillion during the year.
urban disposable income per capita increased by 7.8% in nominal term to rmb33,616. if the price factor is excluded, the growth in real term was 5.6%.
during 2016, jiangsu province, where the group has already established a leading position in the market, achieved a gdp growth of 7.8% to rmb7.6 trillion. total retail sales of consumer goods in the province grew by 10.9% year-onyear to rmb2.9 trillion, while the urban disposable income per capita increased by 8.0% to rmb40,152 over last year.
business operation and management
in 2016, the year of debut of the countrys 13th five-year plan and structural reform of the supply end, china's economic growth is still facing downward pressure but showing signs of steady development. together with surging e-commerce, new commercial complexes and outbound tourism, there have been some impacts on the groups customer traffic. nonetheless, the group still actively leverage on the countrys retail industry development trend and pressed on with the development direction of retail chain store expansion, meeting the needs of consumers daily life, enhancing their shopping experience and emphasising on innovation. the group gradually achieved the development strategy of building up a nationwide retail chain network of comprehensive lifestyle centers beginning from jiangsu province. in 2016, through the endeavours of the group and its staff, the groups gross sales proceeds (gsp) increased by 0.7% year on year to rmb16,399.3 million. same-store sales growth (sssg) decreased by 4.1% year on year. operating profit from operations increased by 22.1% year on year to rmb1,475.5 million.
in 2016, the group continued to introduce new business formats of consumption experience, enrich its merchandise mix, and enhance its controllable merchandise resources through investment and cooperation with distinctive merchandise resources. the group also continued to provide a more personalised and comprehensive lifestyle experience to customers.
to satisfy customers demand for high quality lifestyle services and experiences, 6 new major businesses of glife series comprising unique merchandise resources under the groups long-term planning and development will be introduced into its floor area, demonstrating the groups strong resources integration capabilities and are expected to enhance customer traffic and operating results as well as strengthening the groups core competitiveness.
gmart, a premium supermarket offering the worlds fresh distinctive health food and exquisite lifestyle gadget. during the year, the group entered into strategic cooperation with college of food science and technology at nanjing agricultural university and through hosting interesting promotional events such as food festivals featuring products from argentina, the united states and korea and themes like yanan chinese new year, gmart brought safe quality products and lifestyle experiences to its customers.
gsp generated by gmart for 2016 increased by 6.6% to approximately rmb564.7 million.
gtakaya, a bookstore featuring boutique lifestyle collection with more than 30,000 skus (stock keeping unit), targeting the middle class and their spiritual needs with 2 stores newly opened at nanjing xinjiekou store and suzhou gaoxin store, achieving more than 2,000 daily customer traffic per store.
gbaby, golden eagle kidsland, tailor-made for children and families consumption covering maternity and childrens products, childrens fashion, playground, early education, and activities to foster creativity and aid in development.
gbeauty, a beauty hub to capture the world's best-selling beauty and skincare products, targeting young ladies long-term and stable consumption.
ghealth, a health centre providing worlds leading professional dental, postpartum-care, body check and other comprehensive services to satisfy target customers needs for a healthy life.
gqute, a pet service centre providing extensive services including pet activities, grooming, veterinary, pet supplies and international pet events to satisfy target customers needs for extended pet services.
the group actively expanded its controllable merchandise business and offered customers with a variety of unique merchandise with high value covering apparels, footwear, kids wear, household and lifestyle products as well as cultural and recreation products from europe and the united states. on this foundation, the group cooperated with key fabric providers in china to develop a series of premium quality bestselling single item merchandise under its own brands of aquila doro, ivrea and restyle to further provide distinctive controllable merchandise with high-value-for-money to its customers. in 2016, the group operated 221 counters under these controllable merchandise with gsp generated from these merchandise grew by 7.4% to 
the group has been enhancing the development of its overseas purchase and o2o business to enrich the quality of the consumption experience and thus to enhance the satisfaction of its customers. on one hand, the group co-operated with its strategic partners in the united states and europe through ways of overseas supply chain direct sourcing to bring customers with overseas products at their local prices. on the other hand, the group enhanced its online and offline two-way marketing via goodee mobile app. customers are allowed to place purchase orders at the groups goodee mobile app online counters or at stores physical counters and merchandise will be delivered directly to customers at the physical store counters, driving a significant increase in customer traffic and sales performance.
through continuous enhancement of its service quality and creative marketing campaigns, the group attracted vip customers and actively expanded its vip customer base.
through continuous recruitment by leveraging on omni marketing channels, the group actively expanded the customer base of the younger generation, which added impetus to the growth in the groups results. as at 31 december 2016, the number of vip customers of the group reached approximately 2.7 million. vip customers consumption accounted for 55.8% of the groups total gsp.
in addition to its regular promotion activities, the group organised four unified large-scale marketing events across its chain stores, including anniversary celebration, vip day, happy star camp and black friday and achieved gsp of over rmb 1.56 billion, up by 2.8% over the same period last year. single-store foot traffic increased by 79% year-on-year to a record-high of over 70,000 customers on nanjing xinjiekou stores black friday event. the group has also achieved effective promotion of the golden eagle brand and enhanced its brand value through the organisation and sponsorship of 2016 golden eagle open taiwan golf tournament, cross-strait writing competition co-organised with nanjing morning post and golden eagle calendar baby selection.
through the effective utilisation of various omni marketing channels including mobile phone application goodee mobile app (), the wechat social network platform and the electronic vip card, during the year, the group has established and developed an economical and effective omni marketing channel with integrated customer service platform. the goodee mobile app now provides lifestyle services including product promotions, overseas purchase (), reward points redemption, e-gift cards, smart parking, optometric centres, vip courses, hotels and automobile maintenance services. as at 31 december 2016, the goodee mobile app has registered over 6.1 million downloads, with over 1.5 million vip customers connected their vip cards with the app and an average of 50,000 active daily users.
the group is a pioneer to implement centralised merchandise counter payment program and supermarket self-service mobile payment program, achieving organic integration of mobile payment, merchandise and membership management and further enhanced the quality of customer services offered. this program will also facilitate the groups future vip big data marketing.
corporate development and investment
in 2016, leveraging on the groups leading position and strong competitive advantages in jiangsu province, the group continued to reinforce its leading position and solidified its presence in the regions of jiangsu, anhui, shaanxi, yunnan and shanghai by establishing comprehensive lifestyle centers with competitive strengths and potential for long-term business growth. since the beginning of 2016 and up to the date of this report, the group has opened 2 new comprehensive lifestyle centers.
on 23 december 2016, the groups xian qujiang lifestyle center commenced trial operation. the store is located at the core business district of xian qujiang new district with a gross floor area (gfa) of approximately 50,000 square meters, and is directly connected to metro line 4. the store brings together multifunctional facilities and amenities, including fashion shopping, catering, parenting activities, entertainment and leisure as well as fitness center, offering customers the opportunity to experience fashionable and innovative lifestyle shopping in qujiang new district. xian qujiang lifestyle center and xian datang furong xintiandi, which complement each other, form a commercial complex with aggregate gfa of over 250,000 square meters. as an innovative attempt of light asset business model based on the groups years of experience in retail operation and management, xian qujiang lifestyle center has become the groups first managed store, which complements with the groups xian gaoxin store to further consolidate the groups presence in xian.
on 18 january 2017, the groups suzhou gaoxin lifestyle center commenced trial operation. the store is located above the underground interchange station of suzhou metro lines 1 and 3 and at the core business district of suzhou gaoxin district, adjacent to suzhou amusement land, with a gfa of approximately 176,000 square meters. featuring multi-functions of g-takaya boutique bookstore, family paradise, premium supermarket and specialty food and beverage, suzhou gaoxin lifestyle center has become families preferred place for shopping and leisure in suzhou gaoxin district, and the new shopping experience it brings to the local customers has attracted a lot of foot traffic.
the groups shanghai store, nantong renmin road store and wuhu new city store were re-launched in october 2016 upon completion of precise market positioning and overall optimisation.
the group stepped up its strategic investment in the industry value chain in 2016 by investing in and cooperating with businesses with high growth potential, such as beijing caissa travel, shinwon group a renowned korean apparel group, bloves - a leading high-end custom jewelry wedding rings brand in china, fountown - a leading brand of shared office in china, toebox - koreas no.1 kids footwear retailer, ye dental hospital - koreas no.1 dental hospital, golfzon an internationally renowned indoor golf brand, mq coffee a unique fine coffee brand in shanghai, etc., and achieving organic integration of featured commercial brands and the groups business resources. while establishing its unique competitive advantages, the group can also enjoy the fruit of business development of the featured commercial brands. it is worth mentioning that, with its excellent operating performance and favorable prospects for development, beijing popmart in which the group has invested was listed on national equities exchange and quotations in beijing in february 2017, while toebox is also expected to be listed on kasdaq in korea in april 2017.

looking into the macro economy in 2017, despite negative impacts brought from the policy of trade protectionism on growth of the global economy, some of the major economies, in particular the us fiscal stimulus measures, will continue to boost the global economy at a higher-than-expected rate of growth. with the recovery of bulk commodity prices, economic growth of developing countries in 2017 is expected to be of a higher rate than that in 2016. against this international economic backdrop, to strive for achieving the twin objectives of steady growth and structural reform of the chinese economy, china has to expand effective demand while actively promoting structural reform from the supply end.
the management remains optimistic about chinas retail market development in the future. in 2017, the group will proactively explore effective ways to integrate its existing business resources and further reinforce its efforts in exploring unique and new types of functions and amenities for its business. it will also endeavour to enhance the attractiveness to boost customer traffic and profitability of its comprehensive lifestyle centers so as to reinforce its leading position in the industry. these measures include: (i) developing itself into a professional retailer which provides high quality innovative comprehensive services, prioritising the development of functions and product categories that enhance customers shopping experience, with high growth potential and high gross margin, increasing the types of lifestyle functions that cater for mainstream customers demands for consumption upgrade, including healthcare, maternity products, childrens early education, lifestyle and tourism, as well as culture and creativity, etc. in order to enhance its comprehensiveness for shopping, leisure and family gatherings; (ii) further increasing the controllable merchandise resources. based on the functions and amenities under its glife series, the group will continue to develop and promote high-value-for-money merchandise under the brands which the group has close exclusive cooperation relationships with and the groups proprietary brands and continue to enhance distinctive merchandise resources as well as the rapid replicate expansion capabilities, which will strengthen the groups long-term core competitiveness; (iii) continuing to optimise the omni-business model that suits the groups own way of development and adapts to the consumption patterns of vip customers and newly recruited young customers. on the basis of expanding sales of the current overseas hot-selling products, the group will also focus on promoting sales of tailor-made and high-value-to-money products in lifestyle category to develop omni-sales channel covering the groups entire chain store network. as such, the group will be able to implement interactive conversion of online and offline traffic in a cost-effective way; and (iv) endeavoring to nurture core senior management talents, continuing to optimise the management structure and improving the overall operational 
the group will continue to develop its new chain stores at a steady pace. in 2017, the group will focus its resources in launching its golden eagle world in nanjing, phase ii of nanjing xianlin store and yangzhou golden eagle new city centre. in particular, it is important to point out that golden eagle world, which is located at the core business district of nanjing hexi with total investment reaching over rmb10 billion, is the worlds tallest asymmetric threetower skyscraper under construction. the total gfa of the project reaches approximately 920,000 square meters, with grade 5e high-end office area of approximately 170,000 square meters, five-star hotel with more than 500 guest rooms of approximately 80,000 square meters, and high-quality international apartments of approximately 120,000 square meters in addition to the 500,000 square meters of commercial and affiliated area to be operated by the group. after golden eagle world commences operation, it will become the groups new flagship store with annual revenue of over rmb10 billion, asias largest comprehensive lifestyle center with multiple functions and amenities, as well as a new commercial landmark in eastern china and even the entire china. it is expected to reinforce the groups leading industry position in yangtze river delta region and become a long-term growth driver for the group in the next two decades.
leveraging on the groups leading position in jiangsu province and its competitive edge, the group will consolidate its presence in the regions of jiangsu, anhui, shaanxi, yunnan and shanghai through development of comprehensive lifestyle centers at self-owned properties or through other means including mergers and acquisitions.
such move will strengthen the groups competitive strength for long-term business growth and allow the group to gradually accomplish its target of becoming a national-wide chain store operator. the group will leverage on the foundation of its existing brand resources, introduce a collection of unique and distinctive merchandise brands into its floor area and strengthen its cooperation and collaboration with distinctive international brands that are in line with the development strategy of comprehensive lifestyle concept. it will actively develop new business models with good prospects and as an extension to develop a commercial retail platform.
lastly, on behalf of the board, i would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff members for their hard work and dedication and thank our shareholders, business partners and customers for their enduring support. in 2017, the group will continue to overcome difficulties and grasp opportunities and make effort to innovate as a cohesive force so as to achieve better results.wang hung, roger 
30 march 2017 