in 2009, due to the impact of the global financial crisis, major economies in the world remained at low ebb; global consumption has been shrinking and economic environment continued to be difficult. however, benefited from the implementation of a wide array of measures and policies that aim at promoting domestic consumption and expediting economic growth, the prc economy posted moderate growth. these initiatives had shown initial effectiveness, with major economic indicators rebounded and the overall economy performed better than expected.
the group actively adopted flexible measures in response to the complicated and ever-changing operating environment.
the groups operational results continued to maintain stable and rapid growth. we are pleased to report that in 2009, gross sales proceeds of the group recorded rmb8.19 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 31.1%. same store sales growth continued to maintain its leading position in the industry with an increase of 17.5%.

according to the economic statistics of 2009 published by the national bureau of statistics of china, the gross domestic product (gdp) for the year recorded rmb33.5 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 8.7%, which was 0.3 percentage points lower than that of the previous year. total retail sales of consumer goods for the year recorded rmb12.5 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 15.5%. after excluding the effects of inflation, actual growth of the total retail sales of consumer goods for the year 2009 was 16.9%, representing an increment of 2.1 percentage points as compared to that of previous year. with the implementation of a series of consumption-stimulating policies, including home appliances going to the countryside, ultimate consumption pushed the gdp up by 4.6 percentage points, representing a contribution of 52.5%, higher than the level in 2008. the prc economy in 2009 was mainly driven by domestic consumption. the increase in domestic investment and consumption, to a large extend, offset the negative effect of declined net exports on gdp.
the gdp of jiangsu province, a market in which the group enjoys competitive advantages, recorded rmb3.4 trillion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.4%. total retail sales of consumer goods of the province for the year recorded rmb1.1 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.9%. the disposable income per capita of urban residents of the province for the year recorded rmb20,552, a year-on-year increase of 10.0%. after excluding the effects of inflation, the actual growth was 10.5%. with increasing urbanization and urban modernization, the urbanization rate reached 55.6% at the end of 2009, representing a year-on-year growth of 1.3 percentage points. with further regional development in the central and northern parts of jiangsu province, the two areas contributed 42.3% of the economic growth of the entire province, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.9 percentage points. the economic development of jiangsu province surpassed the national average, with its size of economy ranked second in the country.

the economic turbulence resulted from the financial crisis and its impact on the economy will mitigate increasingly in 2010. the prc economy will continue to maintain robust development. on the central economic working conference held at the end of 2009, the prc government decided to set promoting domestic consumption as the governments priority in 2010. through structural adjustment, improvement in peoples livelihood, strengthening of income allocation reform and expediting urbanization, the prc government targets to effectively boost domestic consumption and further enhance the driving force of consumption in gdp growth. it is expected that the prc government will launch more policies in 2010, so as to achieve the goal of expanding domestic demand. the benefits of the policies will no doubt be the growth momentum of the department store sector.
in 2010, the group will continue to expand its store network steadily, and will secure properties by means of selfdevelopment, long-term lease or merger and acquisition. the group will open new stores in the provinces adjacent to jiangsu province, and will further strengthen its network in xian, kunming and adjacent provinces and cities. the group will continue to closely monitor the growth of its existing stores, enhancing the attractiveness of its chain stores to target customers through effective brand optimization and creative promotional campaigns. in addition, the group will implement effective cost control to improve its profitability.
i would like to express my appreciation for the hard work of the board, the management and the entire staff members of the company. i would also like to express my sincere gratitude to shareholders, business partners, relevant government departments and our loyal customers for their continuous support. in 2010, the management and our staff will continue to collaborate with each other to cater upcoming challenges and ride on arising opportunities, so as to optimize corporate value and create lucrative returns to shareholders.
golden eagle retail group limited
wang hung, roger

7 april 2010 