chairmans statementdear shareholders, on behalf of the board (the board) of directors (the directors) of ronshine china holdings limited (the company together with its subsidiaries, the group) , i am pleased to present to you the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 2016.

during the past year, the chinese government continuously tightened property control measures, including a shift from credit easing policies and preferential tax treatment at the beginning of the year to restrictions on property purchases and mortgage loans in the first-tier cities towards the end of the year. various parts of china adopted increasingly stringent financial and market regulations on the property industry. with a view to cutting excess inventory, local governments implemented a strategy of formulating policies according to cities to cut property inventories and continued to address the imbalance between the high housing price in the first-tier and secondtier cities and high inventories in the third-tier and fourth-tier cities, thus promoting stable and healthy development of the property market. according to the 100 city price index of the china real estate index system, although the housing prices of popular cities in 2016 increased significantly, the growth of the property market tended to be stable following the tightened regulations in the fourth quarter. according to the national bureau of statistics, the real estate climate index remained at 94 during the year, a relatively moderate level.
in 2016, the western taiwan straits economic zone and the yangtze river delta economic region, the two regional markets that ronshine focused on, recorded rapid economic growth.
in particular, the yangtze river delta, the most economically dynamic region in china, achieved a faster economic growth than the average level in china, and the gdp of fujian province entered the top 10 in national ranking for the first time.
in respect of cutting inventory, the sales cycle of commercial property in fujian province shortened by nine months as compared with the beginning of last year, demonstrating that initial success was achieved in structural reform on the supply side.
during the year, ronshine won the bid for several quality land parcels located in the prime areas of shanghai and hangzhou. its precise market blueprint laid a solid foundation for the business expansion and performance growth of ronshine.

the year of 2016 was the first year for ronshine to enter the international capital market. with years of sound development, the shares of ronshine were successfully listed on the main board of the stock exchange of hong kong limited (the stock exchange) on 13 january 2016 (the listing date), making ronshine the first property company in mainland china listed in hong kong in 2016. during the first year after its successful listing, ronshine was widely recognised by the property industry and the capital market for its sound performance and promising development prospects. in july 2016, the credit rating of rongxin (fujian) investment group co., ltd. (rongxin group), the principal operating entity of the group established in china, was adjusted to aa+ by united credit rating co., ltd. ( ). the company was chosen by the msci global small cap indexes china and the hong kong hang seng composite smallcap index, two top indexes in the international and hong kong markets, as one of their constituents. the company was also included in the eligible list after the launch of shenzhen-hong kong stock connect, attracting continuous attention from investors.
the year of 2016 was also the first year for ronshine to expand across china. progress was made by ronshine in transforming from a regional property company rooted in fujian province to a national property company. ronshine continued to consolidate its leading position in the western taiwan straits economic zone including fuzhou, xiamen and zhangzhou, and increase its competitive advantages in the two important economic hubs, shanghai and hangzhou in the yangtze river delta economic region. according
to the 2016 property enterprise sales top 10 in greater fuzhou area (2016 ) issued by the cric research center, an authoritative research institution in chinese real estate industry, ronshine ranked the first in the greater fuzhou area, the first for office building projects in xiamen, the first in zhangzhou, and the fifth in hangzhou, in terms of the total gross floor area sold in 2016. in 2016, the contracted sales of the group amounted to rmb24.6 billion with a sharp year-on-year increase of 107%. the revenue of the group amounted to approximately rmb11.4 billion with a significant year-on-year increase of approximately 53%. during the year, the group continued to optimise its debt structure though issuing corporate bonds and asset-backed securities which are backed by the account receivables for balance payment of properties sold in china and usd-denominated senior notes overseas. due to sound business operation and diversified financing channels, the gearing ratio of the group decreased significantly from 247% for the year 2015 to 98% for the year 2016.
during the year, ronshine not only attracted the attention of the property industry and the investors on the groups business operation and capital market operation, but also gained recognition from society for its star projects and its prestigious brand. during the year, ronshine officially founded the ronshine sinology which integrates sinology with community services, with a view to promoting cultural heritage. the project ronshine hangzhou mansion () carefully restored hongfeng park to conserve the history of hangzhou. activities organised by the ronshine public welfare foundation were carried out continuously. bearing its corporate social responsibilities in mind, ronshine adheres to the philosophy of taking from society and giving back 
at the central economic working conference held at the end of 2016, it was determined that the main target of economic growth of 2017 is to achieve a stable improvement. in respect of the property market, the central government requested the acceleration of research and the establishment of fundamental institutions and longterm mechanisms that suit national conditions and adapt to market demands through finance, land, taxation, investment and legislation measures. also, the smooth progress of new urbanisation, regional integration and reform of the household registration system will create a favourable environment for the long-term development of the property industry.
the company hope that the property market in china will reposition itself in 2017, and establish a social housing system that makes housing more accessible to residents. ronshine will continue to cultivate its business in the core areas of the first-tier and second-tier cities and strategically expand to other first-tier and second-tier cities and some third-tier cities with development potential.
at the same time, taking into account the fierce competition in the land market of china, ronshine will further expand its access to land parcels and increase the proportion of land parcels acquired through mergers and acquisitions so as to maintain reasonable land cost while obtaining quality land resources. as at 31 december 2016, ronshine had abundant high-quality land reserves with a total gross floor area of approximately 10.6 million square meters, approximately 81.16% of which were located in the core areas of the cities with high growth potential such as shanghai, hangzhou, fuzhou and xiamen.
meanwhile, the company will continue to adhere to building with sincerity and building with love ( ) and build landmark products that meet the needs of local markets. by the end of 2016, the company built a number of landmark projects including ronshine hangzhou mansion (), the twin harbor city ( ) and ocean city (). in 2017, we will further upgrade its products to incorporate more elements such as health, technology and environment protection, thus building properties that are better quality and cater better to customer 
looking ahead, ronshine will stick to a prudent and sound operational strategy while continuing to cultivate its existing markets and strategically expanding its market presence across china.
ronshine will strengthen its management system focusing on profitability management and control, and improve core indicators such as product profitability, cost control capacity and turnover rate.
at the same time, ronshine will further optimise and adjust its debt structure, enhance its financing cost control, improve its asset turnover efficiency and strive to achieve a sustainable development through implementing an asset-light strategy.

on behalf of the board, i hereby express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders of the company (the shareholders) and partners for their continued support, and my heartfelt thanks go to the directors, the management team and all employees for their hard work and contributions in the past years. in 2017, the company will continue to adhere to its philosophy of ingenuity creating quality and responsibility reflecting value, achieve sustainable development, and bring higher returns to its shareholders.

hong kong, 20 march 2017 