statement from the chairman during 2016, chinas development was confronted by challenges related to a range of evolving risks and uncertainties, as well their interdependency, both at home and abroad. chinas economy maintained stable growth, albeit at a slightly lower rate, with continuing economic transformation and upgrading providing momentum to sustain continued development. the group proactively pursued the myriad opportunities and actively managed the challenges related to the current environment. as at the end of the year, the groups assets exceeded rmb8 trillion and net profit increased by 1.03% year on year for 2016, maintaining a trend of stable development. in particular, the decrease in net interest margin, resulting from ongoing interest rate liberalization, was offset by robust non-interest income growth and effective cost reduction, resulting in an unchanged level of profit growth compared to last year. the group has made remarkable progress in restructuring its businesses and developing its management.
an ancient chinese poem reads, colorful flowers always dazzle the eyes. in this regard, it is critical to establish a proper direction of growth and development in the current complex environment based on of the groups demonstrated capability and strategic interests. in support of the states 13th five-year-plan, the bank released outline of bocom development plan for the period of the 13th five-year plan (the plan) upon deliberation by the board of directors. the plan sets out three key tasks deepening reform, promoting transformation development and strengthening party self-discipline, three key points risk management, interest spread management and cost management and three key targets stable profit growth, steady asset quality and new achievements in risk event prevention and control. we further detailed the plan to include three customer oriented development agenda corporate, retail and interbank, and sub-sections of credit authorization, risk management and information technology. this refinement has been reflected in every aspect of the groups development transformation and 
based on both past experience and looking forward into the future, the following key areas are crucial to the success of the plan and they will continue to serve as a firm foundation for bocom well into the future.
first, we maintained an intense focus on serving the real economy. we firmly implemented the decisions of party central committee and state council and closely adhered to their most fundamental objective, serving the real economy. we continued to increase financing levels to advance supply-side structural reforms and support five major tasks de-capacity, de-stocking, de-leveraging, cost reduction, and weakness remediation. specifically, during 2016, the groups renminbi-dominated loans increased by rmb300.883 billion, refinancing of existing debt reached rmb687.279 billion, and investments in local bonds amounted to rmb418.957 billion, all supporting the real economy. further, in order to calibrate our efforts to more effectively promote supplyside structural reforms, we closely monitored changes in government policies and corporate demands. we also made efforts to reduce borrower financing costs and improved our ability to meet the needs of small and micro enterprise businesses by establishing the small enterprise finance department at both head office and branches, and building specialized teams responsible for small and micro enterprises in bank outlets. we also provided strong support to enterprises engaged in technology innovation by creating the technology finance business division at head office. our persistence enabled us to achieve the goal of three no less than.
loans granted to industries with significant overcapacity decreased by 0.4 percentage point from the beginning of the year. we passionately believe that innovation is the source of sustainable development, but, financial innovation separating from the real economy will be a rootless tree. going forward, consistent with the states regional policies and industrial policies, we will increase efforts to advance innovation in products and services to meet the demands of the real economy, enhancing the relevance and flexibility of financial services, to more effectively allocate financial resources to the real economy. areas of special focus include agriculture, rural areas and farmers and small and micro enterprises.
second, we will deepen reform by intensifying the forces driving it. bocom was restructured under chinas broader economic reform and opening and had successful experience in several significant reform areas in chinas banking sector restructuring. under the states strategic objective of comprehensively deepening reform, the state council approved the bocoms plan to strengthen reformation in 2015, which has enabled bocom to maintain a leading position. we focused on three key areas of reform during the past two years refining our corporate governance mechanism as a large commercial bank, reinforcing operational improvements and promoting transformation, and innovating our operating model. since then we have very deliberately and successfully implemented 20 key reform projects each year and steadily advanced reform. we actively explored refining the divisional structure of large commercial banks, with an emphasis on those of the front office.
in this regard, a new operating framework has been developed, comprising three divisions vip institutional customer, specialized businesses, and support. this
enabled us to promote the head office to head office levels of professional services and operating skills. the resulting growth in profits of 12 directly operating units in 2016 was 19.23%, based on our internal performance assessment, making this an important area of growth point for the group. as we will be introducing 20 new projects in 2017, with the objectives of advancing reform, accountability and operating effectiveness, we believe that the positive effects will continue and support bocoms transformation and development.
third, we will promote transformation through the bocom strategy, becoming a first-class listed comprehensive banking group, focusing on international expansion and specializing in wealth management, and positioning bocom for success. we strictly adhered to the states strategic initiative belt and road and achieved five successful international expansion targets in 2016, including the establishment of branches in london and luxembourg, the bank of communications (luxembourg) s.a. rome and paris branches, and the acquisition of a controlling stake in banco bbm, which promoted our capability in supporting chinas enterprises to go global.
significant milestones also included the smooth progress of listing of bocom international and listing of xinjiang shihezi bocom rural bank on the national equities exchanges and quotations (neeq), and the successful a-share listing of jiangsu changshu rural commercial bank as the bank is the strategic investor. assets under management (aum) have been fully integrated into the groups performance evaluation process. after years of dedicated operations, the groups assets of overseas operations and non-banking subsidiaries exceeded rmb1 trillion in 2016, accounting for 13.39% of the groups profit contribution, representing an increase of 2.77 percentage points over the previous year. going forward, we will follow the bocom strategy through extending our service network and delivery channels; increasing integration among overseas businesses, non-banking businesses and domestic banking businesses; improving the internationalized and diversified profit contribution; accelerating the development of trading and wealth management businesses; and promoting substantial launch of the internet finance. this will enable us to develop new core competencies through the bocom 
fourth, we will pursue stability through effective risk prevention and management. with the experience of successfully managing through the global financial crisis, we have a more profound and thorough understanding of the relationship between current profits and hysteretic nature of certain commercial banking risks. as the group is still exposed to risk from significant lines of credit granted in prior years and the increasing uncertainties of the economy, risk prevention and management are crucial to meeting our objectives, and could be a top priority of our operational management. the group has spent decades improving its enterprise wide risk management system through full coverage, whole process, accountability and risk management culture.
we emphasize risk prevention and management in key areas, addressing both risks and their root cause.
this will enable us to firmly safeguard against systemic financial risks. all of us fully understand and follow the risk management culture of stable, lawful and prudent operation, the risk diversification principle of not leaving all the eggs in one basket, the code of conduct of process-and-procedure-orientation, and the internal control principle of dual control and mutual supervision. we are confident in our ability to manage emerging challenges and implementing new regulatory requirements to create opportunity in an uncertain and volatile environment, ensuring stable operations over the 
fifth, we will continue to develop our brand through improving service quality. with the objective of becoming a bank providing best services, since 2011, we have put tremendous effort into promoting our services, focusing on the service evaluation and promoting an image of professionalism, standardization, and optimization.
bocom was ranked no. 1 in the china retail banking satisfaction study for three consecutive years. further, 140 of the groups outlets were awarded top 1,000 model by the china banking association for providing good services to customers, ranking no. 1 in the banking industry in 2016. we value our customers trust and believe that the promotion of our services has progressed a long way. going forward, we will establish and improve the tiered and hierarchical management framework related to corporate, retail, and interbank customers; continue to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our services; improve the customer experiences of online and offline services; and reinforce bocoms brand in chinas financial services industry.
looking forward, the established geopolitical and economic relationships have been globally foreshadowed.
the chinese economy is still in the status of three period superimposed. chinas banking industry will face multiple challenges, including more intense competition across a broad range of financial products from both banking and emerging non-banking competitors. the latter is fundamentally changing operating model and profit pattern of commercial banks. the liberalization of interest rates and tighter liquidity will result in the higher costs of lines of credit, as well as further narrow the interest spread and profit margin. the emerging financial risks are becoming more prominent and their interdependencies and complexity are increasing, likely resulting in a deterioration of asset quality.
a new historical mission awaits us and, with hard work, we will achieve great success. we should be well-prepared for this complex endeavor. at the same time, though, we should be confident that the chinese economy possesses potential, resilience, and strengths with long-term sustainability and promise. rooted in the fertile ground of chinas economy, chinas banking industry still has myriad strategic opportunities. with the attention and support of our shareholders and the society, combined with our mission of creating longterm value, we will always adhere to our foundation of serving the real economy, firmly pursue the strategic interests of the bocom strategy, always follow the principle of stable and prudent operation, promote longterm development through reforms, seek reasonable return through innovations, and create greater value for investors and the society.

