chairman s statement chairman s statement on behalf of the board of directors of vinda international holdings limited, i am pleased to present the group s annual report for the year ended 31 december 2015.
in 2015, the chinese economy entered a new normal against the backdrop of global economic uncertainty. in the course of the new normal, the chinese central government advocates a more sustainable domestic- consumption-led growth and quality improvement over quantitative growth by supporting the development of the internet as well as aiding the technology upgrade of traditional manufacturing. china s new normal represents opportunities for the hygiene industry: consumers are craving quality and innovative products, e-commerce is stimulating consumers spending especially from youths, and urbanisation is boosting household disposable income, all of which will drive demand for quality hygiene products. in addition, the central government proposed the one belt, one road initiative, which will provide impetus to both economic development in asia and chinese enterprises going our next five-year plan will focus on securing our leading tissue market position, expanding the personal care business, going international and becoming a leading personal hygiene company in asia.
founded 30 years ago, vinda today is a widely known tissue provider in china with tissue at the heart of its business. despite the supply demand imbalance in china s tissue industry resulting in severe competition, the group achieved major breakthroughs in sales, product mix, e-commerce business and market share. such accomplishments have demonstrated the determination of our team to satisfy consumers, deliver excellent quality, take innovative marketing approaches and seize the opportunities brought by the new normal.
our seventh five-year plan will focus on securing our leading tissue market position, expanding the personal care business, going international and becoming a leading personal hygiene company in asia. asia is an ideal market for developing hygiene business as the region has enormous potential for population growth and further market penetration. we are poised to extend our presence to asia through integrating sca s well-established asian operations. such consolidation also allows us to strengthen our brands, research and development capability and operating efficiency, thus enabling us to increase the enterprise value of vinda.
this year the group won the china company award in the dhlscmp hong kong business awards in recognition of our efforts throughout the years. furthermore, the group is honoured to have mr. johann christoph michalski, an fmcg veteran, joining as our chief executive officer. i hereby pledge that the entire team will be united as one and take all efforts to attain strong growth.
li chao wang
27 january 2016 