chairman s statement on behalf of the board of directors (the board ), i am pleased to present the annual report of china infrastructure machinery holdings limited (the company or china longgong ) for the year ended 31 december 2008.
review of business as a result of the global economic recession arising from the international financial crisis, the construction machinery industry experienced a drastic turnaround in 2008, from overheated demand and sharp rises in the cost of raw materials in the first half to rapidly shrinking demand in the second half especially the fourth quarter, hurting the whole industry badly. despite the complicated and changing external environment, we managed to achieve good results by overcoming all the difficulties through joint efforts.
the overall business of the company showed outstanding development with encouraging performance in 2008. in 2008, achievements of china longgong included the followings: manufacture and sales of loaders, road rollers, excavators and fork lifts reached 30,000 units; quality and output of great-box, axle, hydraulic cylinder, gear, pipe and other parts improved significantly; the strategy of vertical integration had been implemented continually; export increased rapidly, and sales networks in russia, middle east, australia and africa had been successfully established and consolidated; the company was the first within the industry to announce to implement 24-hour service compensation system, and such pioneering action in the industry not only will enhance the competitive strengths of china longgong s products, but also raise the brand awareness and reputation of china longgong. the research and development capability of the company was further strengthened in 2008. new products were launch successfully, including loaders and road rollers of several dozens of different models, bringing remarkable sales for the year. the sales of loader, our key product, secured its leading position within the industry, and products series of fork lifts and excavators were launched and commenced large scale of sales. sales of fork lifts and excavators were increased significantly, and thus these products became our new stars which had drawn attention from the industry. these efforts have, to some extent, changed the situation that longgong relied upon loader, its single product. in 2008, the company s technology enhancements and expansion in shanghai, fujian, jiangxi and henan were completed and ready for operation, laying a good foundation for the development of china longgong in the future. the company s overall strength has been significantly enhanced, with product sales, realized profits, tax paid and employee income hitting record high level.
both the management team and employees demonstrated full confidence and great passion.
since its listing, china longgong has strived to maintain transparency and improve standards of corporate governance. we have established and maintained good communication with our investors, who recognize the broad development strategies of the company and are confident of the company s for the year ended 31 december 2008, annual turnover of the company was rmb6,144,788,000, up 16% over the corresponding period of the previous year. net profit attributable to shareholders of the company amounted to rmb665,492,000.

2009 will be a more difficult year for the world s economy. the company will face increasingly challenging external environments. as such, china longgong shall proactively respond to the economic crisis and aim to its future development. i believe that china longgong faces more opportunities than challenges and it will be able to turn crisis into opportunities should we calmly fend off the crisis by performing the company s internal work in steady progress.
the central government regards the steady and fast economic growth as its priority and introduced a series of measures including the rmb4 trillion stimulus package to stimulate economic growth, aiming to maintain a gdp growth of approximately 8%. currently, the package of measures introduced by the state, such as expanding domestic demands and enlarging the scale of investments in fixed assets, has significantly driven the development of construction machinery industry. in an overall perspective, as the state made substantial investments in high-speed railways, highways, harbours, the development of western regions, the construction of towns and new villages, large sized energy projects, the reconstruction of the earthquake-hit disaster areas in sichuan, etc., demands for construction machinery will progressively restore and expand. therefore, china s construction machinery industry will maintain a certain growth rate in the long run.
during the course of its long-term development, the company has secured a number of outstanding competitive advantages: a leading market position and brand awareness; strategic geographical locations; the operation model of vertical integration; a powerful distribution and service network covering the whole nation; strong research and development capabilities; the advantage of a high performance-price ratio for its products; experienced management team and effective operation mechanism; and all these have proven their merits. the company will make the best of its existing competitive advantages to strengthen every details of its value chain from research and development to purchasing, manufacture, sale, service and end-users, making it extend and develop to the largest extent. the company will also carry out effective control on costs of administration, purchasing, operation, etc., so as to improve its operating efficiency and grasp every opportunity to obtain impressive results in industry consolidation and future development and to maximize the returns to our shareholders.

in order to ensure the future sustainable development of the company, we have formulated a diversified strategy focusing on construction machinery, with emphasis on cost control, enhancement of research and development of our products, expansion of new markets, expansion of sales and service network, and development of overseas market. our aim is to become one of the global leading manufacturers of construction machinery through continuous growth and improvement of profitability.
cost control. the company mitigates cost pressure brought by rise in costs of raw materials through economies of scale and improvement of internal management so that the gross profit margin of the company will maintain at a leading level in the industry.

enhancement of product research and development. the company will increase its investment in technology research institutes, and engage more professionals to join our research and development team by leveraging on the opportunity emerged from the global financial crisis. it will also strengthen its cooperation with international professional institutions and renowned universities in order to develop more loaders, road rollers, excavators, forklifts and other machinery products that meet the various needs of our customers, bringing more series and diversification for our products. in particular, the company will intensify its efforts in research of bottleneck products, so as to achieve some breakthroughs.
market expansion for new products. new products including excavators, fork lifts and road machineries are new sources of growth for the future development of lonking. the company will strengthen its efforts to expand the market for these products. it will also continue to increase the market share of these products and increase their gross profit margin.
intensifying establishment of distribution and after-sales service network. in order to obtain more market shares, the company will continue to increase investment in its distribution and service network, encourage and support the distribution agents to grow and develop and become our exclusive sales agents and loyal partners. the company will also expand sales service network of excavators and fork lifts.
expansion of overseas markets. export of our products, which recorded a fast growth in the first half of 2008, suffered a sharp fall in the second half due to the negative impact caused by the financial crisis on overseas markets. the company will actively carry out research and development on new products that meet the demands of various overseas markets, and establish a sound overseas distribution agent network. with market risk under proper control, the company will promote the longgong brand to the global market making use of the high performance-price ratio of our products and our excellent service and attain the leap-forward development of our overseas business.
we are honoured to have a professional board, an experienced and diligent management team, and industrious and intelligent employees. i wish to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all directors and employees for their assiduous efforts. we will do our utmost to recruit talents to realize the sustainable development of china longgong.
as always, china longgong will strive to become a leading manufacturer in construction machinery industry, attain sustainable growth and maintain profitability, and exert all our efforts to create the greatest value for our customers and bring the best returns to our shareholders.
li san yim 8 april 2009 