report of chairman 
i am pleased to present the reports of china evergrande group (evergrande or the company) and its subsidiaries (the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016. the groups turnover and gross profit for the year amounted to rmb211.44 billion and rmb59.42 billion respectively, both representing year-on-year growth of 58.8%.
core business profit was rmb20.81 billion.
the net profit was rmb17.62 billion.

in 2016, as the second largest economy in the world, china attached great importance to stability while pushing forward the reform of the supply side. in 2016, the opening year of the 13th five-year plan, chinas gdp amounted to rmb74,413 billion throughout the year with a steady growth of around 6.7%1 . against the backdrop of the overall stability of economic development in china, the quality of growth significantly improved and the economic structure continued to optimize while the five missions namely de-capacity, destocking, de-leveraging, cost reduction and weak link improvement made steady progress and innovation was urged for during the change in new and old momentum.
under the new economic normal, further reform and innovation and optimization and upgrading of industry structure will further stimulate market vitality and economic 
throughout the year, the real estate market in china continued to boom, and the transactions presented a trend of increasing sales price and volume. the accumulated sales of commodity housing reached 1.57 billion square meters, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.5%, where residential properties accounted for 22.4%. the sales of commodity housing amounted to rmb11.8 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 34.8%, where residential properties grew by 36.1%2 . at the same time, the adjustment policies on real estate during the year had significant effect. in the first half of 2016, due to the downward pressure on the economy and high inventory level, the macro-economic policy was relatively eased by reduction in bank reserve ratio, interest rates, tax and down payment. with the intensive introduction of favorable measures, the market demand was quickly unleashed.
further, affected by the de-stocking policies, the housing prices in certain popular cities became too high such that the local governments gradually implemented policies to control prices, so as to avoid the trend of rapid rising of housing prices. meanwhile, the real estate policies diverged: the housing prices were adjusted and tightened for the popular cities with enhanced regulation while the destocking strategy continued for the third- and fourth-tier cities by working on both the demand and supply side to remodel the market environment.
1 source: preliminary calculation results of the fourth quarter and full-year gdp of china for 2016 issued by the national bureau of statistics of china
2 source: national real estate development and sales for 2016 issued by the national bureau of statistics of china facing the complicated market environment and the intense industry competition, the board made well-grounded judgments based on its keen insights, forward-thinking and strategic layout and was decisive in capturing market opportunities at the timing of the introduction of favorable policies. in 2016, accumulated contracted sales reached rmb373.37 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 85.4% as well as representing 124.5% of the up-lifted sales target of rmb300 billion, such that the group ranked top in terms of sales for the year. gfa of contracted sales was 44.69 million square meters, representing a year-on-year growth of 75.2%; and the average contract selling price also had a year-on-year increase of 5.9%. as at 31 december 2016, the gfa on the land reserves was 229 million square meters, and the accumulated average cost was rmb1,570 per meter. the area under construction was 80.37 million square meters while 489 projects were under construction.
in 2016, the group launched 116 new projects and the number of projects for sale accumulated to 473 with sales proceeds of rmb300.9 billion. as at 31 december 2016, cash balance held by the group (including cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash) was rmb304.3 billion.
besides, the group strived to have a diversified industry layout, forming the four major segments, namely real estate, finance, tourism and healthcare. the group has completed the transformation from real estate to real estate + services. the real estate segment started to change from scale development to scale + efficiency development.

the group stepped up efforts in expanding its land reserves and facilitated the commencement of projects in first- and second-tier cities and well-developed prefecture-level cities.
the group acquired land reserves of 102.38 million square meters for its new projects. the group acquired 213 new projects and is also acquiring more land in the surrounding area of 22 of its existing projects. among the newly acquired projects, 11 were located in first-tier cities, and 116 in second-tier cities. the number of new projects in the firstand second-tier cities accounted for 59.6% of the number of all the new projects. the main purpose of these acquisitions was to further optimize the regional layout of the projects among first- to third-tier cities, with an objective of improving our overall profitability. newly acquired projects covered 109 cities, with a majority of them located in guangzhou, beijing, shanghai, chongqing, chengdu, foshan, zhuhai, huizhou,
qingdao, fuzhou, suzhou and shaoxing. the cost of newly acquired land reserves was reduced to rmb1,996 per square meter as 65.7% of the new projects were acquired by transfer or cooperation.
completed construction occupied 29.630 million square meters of the groups land reserves, and the total land reserves balance at the end of 2016 was 229 million square meters, representing an increase of 73.28 million square meters or approximately 46.9% year on year. the land reserves of the group of carrying amount of rmb360.07 billion were located in 209 cities in china and covered all of the first-tier cities, most provincial capitals and a majority of prefecture-level cities with potential in china. we had 582 projects in total, with 56.7% of them located in the first- and second-tier cities. the average cost of land reserves was approximately rmb1,570 per square meter, which was relatively low in the industry.

with the increasing contracted sales price, volume and record-breaking sales amount, the group ranked top in terms of sales.
in 2016, the groups contracted sales increased by 85.4% year on year to rmb373.37 billion, representing 124.5% of the target of rmb300 billion. gfa of contracted sales was 44.69 million square meters, representing year-on-year growth of 75.2%; and the average contract selling price was rmb8,355 per square meter, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.9%.
the leading sales performance was mainly attributable to the groups far-sighted optimization of the regional layout of its projects, upgrading of decoration and facilities among other product value additions, as well as its flexible and practical sales strategy and selling price. the average price of contracted sales of the group continued to rise. the average single-month trading prices for nine months during the year all exceeded rmb8,500 per square meter, with may, september and november recording more than rmb9,000 per square meter, with the highest of rmb9,707 per square meter. the board believed that the increasing selling price and sales amount were favorable for maintaining the net profit margins of the major business of the group.
during the year, the group launched 116 new projects located in 75 cities for sale, including beijing, shanghai, guangzhou, foshan, dongguan, nanjing, changsha, tianjin,
wuhan, fuzhou, dalian, yueyang, sanya, zhuhai and
huihzou, of which 64% are located in the first- and secondtier cities. with new presence in 25 of the above cities, we had an aggregate of 473 projects for sale as at the end of the year, which are located in 191 cities including 4 first-tier, 38 second-tier and 128 prefecture-level cities and 21 county 
for the whole year, the contracted sales amounted to rmb373.37 billion, with rmb49.88 billion in the first-tier cities, accounting for 13.4% of the total contracted sales, and rmb201.66 billion in the second-tier cities, accounting for 54.0% of the total contracted sales. the aggregate sales in the first- and second-tier cities as a percentage of that of the group was 67.4%, another increase of 8 percentage points as compared to 2015. this indicated a success under the strategy of optimizing regional project layout over the years, as witnessed by the balanced sales among first-tier to county level cities3 
the group stepped up efforts in construction, arranged reasonable construction planning, maintained a large amount of projects under construction, and focused on the coordination among construction planning, sales planning and construction completion planning.
during the year, the new construction commencement gfa, completed gfa and gfa under construction were 51.375 million square meters, 29.630 million square meters and 80.365 million square meters, representing an increase of 20.7%, 17.2% and 37.1%, respectively, as compared to the 
during the year, the group launched 116 new projects, representing a year-on-year rise of 43%. the group delivered a total of 389 projects for the whole year with a transaction amount of rmb203.89 billion. the gfa of properties delivered was 25.565 million square meters. the precise and rigorous development plan provided adequate resources for sales, accelerated the turnover of capital and secured the delivery amount and revenue recognition.
as at 31 december 2016, the group obtained construction certificates for 489 of its 582 projects. 109 of the projects had not commenced sales, where most of them were able to commence sales in 2017. the board considered that its industry-leading scale of development and construction and the saleable area would provide a solid foundation for the group to record revenue after delivery and ensure strong contracted sales in the future.

first-tier cities: beijing, shanghai, guangzhou and shenzhen; second-tier cities: provincial capitals except for guangzhou, cities specifically designated in the state plan except for shenzhen, chongqing, tianjin, sanya and prefecture-level cities with over rmb500 billion gdp and a population of more than 7 million; prefecture-level cities: prefecture-level cities other than the first- and second-tier cities mentioned above.
countycounty-level cities: county-level cities with administrative level at county or equivalent 
capital costs greatly reduced with diversified financing channels, and the group continued to maintain sufficient cash balance.
the group continuously strengthened its financial resources through a combination of measures to ward off potential risks in order to repay the principal and interests of its domestic and foreign debts as they fell due with sufficient resources. in mid-january, the group completed the issuance of private placement bonds amounting to rmb10 billion with a term of four years and an interest rate 6.98%.
in early august, the group completed the issuance of private placement bonds amounting to rmb4.2 billion with a term of two years and an interest rate of 6.8%. with the above measures, the group optimized its debt structure by replacing short-term debts with long-term debts and placing high interest rate debts with low interest rate debt and replenished the general working capital.
the group issued 7.8% private notes amounting to us$400 million due 2019 and 8% senior notes amounting to us$300 million due 2019 in january 2016 respectively. the proceeds were used in the repayment of the 9.25% senior notes with a principal amount of rmb3.7 billion due 19 january 2016 (settled in us$) and the replenishment of general working 
in 2016, the group collected sales proceeds of rmb300.89 billion. the group entered into strategic cooperation agreements with china citic bank, pufa bank, china bohai bank, shengjing bank, minsheng bank, bank of china,
postal savings bank of china, industrial bank (china), citic trust and agricultural bank of china, and secured rmb673.3 billion of facilities in total. moreover, the group reduced its land premium payment through project cooperation and by leveraging its positive brand image to clinch better contract terms, payment methods and payment 
with the above measures, the total cash of the group at the end of the year reached rmb304.33 billion, which was the highest level since its listing. capitalizing on the solid cooperation foundation with large-scale commercial banks in china, the group had unutilized banking facilities amounting to rmb138.30 billion at the end of the year.
together with the total cash of rmb304.33 billion at the end of the year, the groups available funds amounted to rmb442.63 billion in total.
meanwhile, the group also sold certain commercial premises in a timely manner and adopted measures to increase the selling price of residential units while striving to control its selling expenses and management costs. the profit margins of the core businesses reached 9.8%, representing an increase of 1.5 percentage points as compared to 2015. the board believed that, with the further optimization of the location and product quality of the projects, as well as the further selling of commercial premises, there would be much room for raising the selling prices of products, which, in turn, would have a positive effect on the profit margins of the core businesses of the 
standardization of premium products
the standardization policy was further promoted, which enabled the group to mitigate the impact of escalating costs on gross profit margin and generates value for its shareholders.
responding to market changes in the year, the group further enhanced its product mix and comprehensively upgraded its standards for layouts, facades and decoration.
the optimized product types are further standardized, and thus the designs are more tailored to the end-user market as well as housing improvement needs and the product types are further diversified. the approaches adopted in architectural design, material supply and construction methods function in an assembly-line style, and helped to shorten the design cycle, guarantee the design quality and improve development efficiency.
in addition, the group actively pursued leading technologies globally by deepening strategic cooperation with harvard university and tsinghua university, partnering with tsinghua university and british building research establishment on green construction and carrying out feasibility study on smart home, residential air haze removal system and the central soft water purification system to enhance product 
four major segments
the group completed its layout on the four major segments, namely real estate, finance, healthcare and cultural tourism, the transformation from real estate to real estate + services while the real estate segment started to change from scale development to scale + efficiency development.
in order to further consolidate its principal business real estate, the group intended to spin off its real estate business for listing in the a share market. on 30 december 2016, the group reached agreements with a number of investors, pursuant to which hengda real estate introduced strategic investors with a total investment amount of rmb30 billion based on its valuation of rmb198 billion. the investment amount accounted for 13.16% of hengda real estates enlarged share capital. the company did not rule out the introduction of additional investors in the near future. on 24 january 2017, the group obtained an in-principle approval for the proposed spin-off from the hong kong stock 
(evergrande finance) is a financial holding group which integrates diversified business including banking, insurance and internet finance and holds 17.28% equity interest in shengjing bank as the largest shareholder. the banks total assets amounted to rmb905.5 billion with deposit balance of rmb415.2 billion, both maintaining high growth rates as compared to last year. for evergrande life, its annual standardized premiums amounted to rmb56.5 billion. it gradually promoted its internet finance business.
there were over 15 million registered users in hdfax.com, with annual trading volume of rmb33.9 billion.
evergrande tourism group is a large cultural tourism composite focusing on its major product fairytale land and striving to provide services for children. for the tourism group, the contracted sales amounted to rmb17.47 billion for the year. the area under construction was 10.6 million square meters. the area under construction of the haihua island project was 7.18 million square meters, comprising 28 commercial attractions including fairytale land, marine world, snow mountain and water park, conference and exhibition center, museums and chinese film and television production base. recently, 16 of the commercial attractions completed the construction of their main structures. the area under construction of hengda haishang venice in qidong was 3.42 million square meters, comprising commercial attractions including coastal housing, vacation, international conferences, olympic sports and elite education. the evergrande fairytale land under planning will be a world-class fairytale indoor theme park for young children while targeting at promoting chinese culture and reflecting worlds culture. the theme park will open for all 
evergrande health group is a large and comprehensive health industry group which commences elderly care operation, new high-end international hospitals, medical cosmetics and anti-aging. evergrande elderly care valley focused on health services including full life-cycle and allrounded health service. in respect of international hospital, evergrande health group cooperated with brigham and womens hospital, a major teaching hospital of harvard medical school, to establish boao evergrande international hospital affiliate of brigham and womens hospital. it explored the model for flagship stores + medical cosmetology micro-agencies for the medical cosmetology and anti-aging business and has opened three medical cosmetology micro-agencies in guangzhou, beijing and 
corporate social responsibility
under the new normal of economy, the group upholds the philosophy of put people first, serve the country through industry development and does its utmost to shoulder its social responsibility and create social value in an effort to achieve harmonious development between the company and the society.
in 2016, the group provided more than 1.7 million job opportunities. the group made over 100 donations to charity and public welfare work relating to livelihood, poverty, education, environmental protection, sports and others for a total amount of more than rmb4.2 billion over 20 years. the group was awarded the china charity award, the highest government award in the field of charity, for the seventh consecutive year, and also the first anti-poverty effort contribution award in china. in future, we will continue to devote ourselves to charity and public welfare work and cooperate with our shareholders, employees, the upstream and downstream industry chain and customers to make our due contribution to harmonious development of the society.

the philosophy of properties for the people is the foothold of evergrande. to benefit the people, the group, as the sole developer in the industry delivering well-decorated properties, enhanced the overall quality of products to provide affordable boutique housing to common people.
in 2016, the group fulfilled its responsibility as a corporate citizen in supporting the charity and public welfare matters in china. in april, the group donated approximately rmb129 million to harvard university. in august, the group donated rmb200 million to guangdong foundation for poverty alleviation. in november, the group donated rmb200 million to tsinghua university education foundation and donated rmb30 million to university of jinan development 
from december 2015, the group implemented its poverty alleviation plan for dafang, bijie, guizhou. the plan was to help all of the 180,000 poverty population in dafang to shake off poverty by the end of 2018 through a free input of rmb3.0 billion in three years and a series of comprehensive measures. as at the end of 2016, the group helped 80,500 people in dafang to step above the poverty line, reaching 45% of the poverty alleviation target.

the group continued to promote the upgrading of products and further optimized its major layouts so as to enhance the regional suitability, quality and environmental performance of its residential products. adhering to the objective of green ecology, energy saving and environmental protection, the group persisted in delivering well-decorated properties to mitigate environmental pollution of re-decoration. advanced technology is applied from project design to construction, improving product quality and environmental standards in 
the group further deepened the strategic cooperation with the top-tier partners in the world. the group introduced eight strategic investors such as citic, zhongrong, cefc, shandong highway and shenzhen guangtian to optimize its capital structure. the group established further strategic cooperation with china merchants group and various financial institutions to achieve mutual development. the group entered into strategic cooperation with four renowned household appliance companies, namely haier group, gree group, midea group and tcl group, facilitating the upgrading of evergrandes strategy on properties for the 
in 2016, the group enhanced its property services standards to further improve its after-sales services and property management. the satisfaction of property buyers continued 
cooperation with integrity integrity is the essence of business. since its incorporation, the group has upheld principle of operation with integrity.
during the cooperation with 861 strategic cooperation partners in china and foreign countries, the group has always attach great importance to open transactions and tax payment according to laws, which jointly promoted the construction of integrity alliance and achieved mutual 
in 2016, the group strengthened strategic cooperation, pushed forward centralized procurement and shared the results with its strategic cooperation partners. the group established an inspection mechanism and a service hotline in response to supplier satisfaction and the quality of services providing to suppliers improved steadily.
the group extended the scope of supplier regional management system, consolidated the supplier resources and opened up the procurement and supply chains for suppliers and regional companies, greatly enhanced the efficiency and transparency of the groups procurement.
by optimizing the quality assessment on tender entry, the group strengthened quality control from the sources of procurement. the group established a 360-degree quality assurance system to monitor the entire process and set a control red line of product quality veto by one vote. the group also established a comprehensive assessment incentive and elimination mechanism for suppliers such that the supply chain management was further strengthened, facilitating the consistent enhancement in product quality.
supporting sports and cultural events
by virtue of professional operation mode and modern wisdom in enterprise management, the group put every effort to promote the development of chinas sports industry. in 2016, evergrande football club was again laurelled, winning the champion of the china football association super league, chinese fa cup and chinese fa
super cup. the club won a total of 14 champions in seven years. evergrande football school obtained a total of 19 champions in various competitions.
the group pushed forward the development of cultural industries in china, including the opening of 36 cinemas for the year. a total of 75 cinemas were opened with 523 
during the year, the group landed on the fortune global 500 in 2016 and became the only private enterprise which enters the fortune global 500 with only 20 years efforts in the real estate industry. at the same time, the group won 16 national awards, ranking first among chinas real estate companies in overall strength for the first time with a brand value of rmb39.262 billion which ranked first in the industry for seven times.
in the assessment of the top 100 china real estate companies jointly organized by enterprise research institute of development research center of the state council, institute of real estate studies of tsinghua university and
china index academy, the group won the first prize for the first time, and won several awards including the top 100 china real estate companies, the top 10 of the top 100 china real estate companies in overall strength, the top 10 of the top 100 china real estate companies in business scale, the top 10 of the top 100 china enterprises in financing capability and the top 10 of the top 100 china enterprises in operating efficiency. in the report of the top 500 china real estate developers jointly organized by china real estate association and china real estate appraisal
center of shanghai e-house china r&d institute,
evergrande ranked first among its industry peers in overall strength for the first time, and ranked first in several awards including the top 10 china real estate developers in overall development, the top 10 chin real estate developers for tourism real estate, the top 10 china real estate developers in corporate responsibility, the top 10 china real estate developers in city coverage and the top 10 china real estate developers in innovation capability. the group was awarded the 2016 excellence company award in the selection of golden brick award for real estate of china convened and sponsored by 21st century business herald newspaper chain, the most influential financial press 
in the anti-poverty effort award ceremony organized by the state council leading group of poverty alleviation and
development, the group was awarded the anti-poverty effort contribution award in china. the group awarded the 2016 china social responsibility precision poverty alleviation award of xinhua.com and chinese academy of
social sciences. the group was also awarded the china charity award, the highest government award in the field of charity, for the seventh consecutive year.
the acquisition of all such awards showcases a unanimous social recognition of the group governance structure, development model, operating results and social 
the central economic work conference held in december 2016 emphasized the establishment of a long-term mechanism for the real estate market which facilitates the stable and healthy development of the market, showing the central government will continue to maintain its active financial policy and stable monetary policy so as to maintain stable and sustainable growth.
looking forward to 2017, the board is of the opinion that the major focus of the overall economy will continue to be stable and make progress while maintaining stability while revitalizing the real economy. the reform of the supply side will be further implemented. de-stocking will be a crucial task and the consistent healthy growth of the real estate industry will continue to facilitate the robust economic development in china. moreover, the macro-control policies on the real estate industry will become divergent, and specific policy formulated base on the actual condition of cities will be implemented. with the increasing competition in the real estate industry, it is believed that large real estate enterprises with a large amount of resources will further enjoy advantages in land resources quality, corporate mergers and acquisitions, strategic transformation, talent pool and other aspects, enabling them to capture the market opportunities. the stronger ones will stay and maintain the leading position, leading the development of 
based on the comprehensive judgment on the new normal of chinas economy and the real estate industry, the board will exploit potentialities of and adapt to market changes and focus on its own development based on the domestic and foreign economic conditions. it will execute the layout of downward consolidation and upward development so as to take off again in further building a leading system for sales and collection of sales proceeds in china. it will enlarge its land bank and maintain strict cost control while optimizing debt structure and improving profit management. leveraging the thoughtful layout, it will also improve the quality of its products and services while maintaining stability and to facilitate diversified, quality and coordinated development by further deployment of the four major segments, namely real estate, finance, tourism and healthcare.

in 2017, the group will acquire high quality projects in an enterprising, prudent and pragmatic fashion, and secure a leading position in terms of land reserves in the industry. the group also puts greater emphasis on profitability improvement and quality and coordinated development for project expansion, and still mainly focuses its regional layout on first- and second-tier cities, as well as well-developed prefecture-level cities, aiming to raise the gross profit margins of products. meanwhile, the group will further strengthen the cost-effective and efficient ways to acquire projects, such as mergers and acquisitions and cooperation in property development.

the group foresees a relatively stable policy environment with increasingly divergent regional markets in 2017. as such, the group will follow the market trends, ensure adequate inventories, and focus on key project sales in key regions. in particular, the group will continue to break down its annual sales target to the project level and initiate enough marketing activities from the beginning of the year so as to ensure the achievement of its annual sales target.
the group maintained its area under construction at 80.37 million square meters, offering sufficient saleable area. the group has 165 new residential projects available for sale, most of which are located in major cities, including chengdu, xian, chongqing, zhuhai, harbin, zhengzhou, foshan,
dalian, sanya and suzhou. based on the overall marketing strategy and the progress of construction, the group plans to market these projects by selectively prioritizing certain projects with appropriate timing. in addition, the group has reserved several projects used for residential and commercial purposes and a large amount of stores and parking spaces in the residential projects, which are expected to supplement the contracted sales of the year.
as the group continuously promotes the strategy of optimizing the regional layout of projects and substantially increases the added value of its products by upgrading supporting facilities, decoration standards and housing structures, the average transaction price for the year is expected to increase further. during january to february 2017, the average price contracted sales of the group was rmb8,805 per square meter and rmb9,510 per square meter, respectively. as to the specific pricing strategy, the group will strike a balance between sales price and sales volume and between scale and gross profit to achieve positive growth for both. sales targets are designated on a quarterly basis, and the sales results will be reviewed on a monthly basis. the monthly sales results are reported to shareholders and investors by voluntary announcements.
given the adequate inventories, strong execution capability and product advantages of the group, the board is very confident that the group can achieve its full-year contract 
the group will continue to maintain its steady financial policies, keep up sufficient cash balances and maintain its net profit margin for its main operations. to accomplish this, the group will further set reasonable sales price, enhance the collection of sales proceeds, continue to expand project cooperation and sell some of the commercial premises in an appropriate extent and further increase the turnover of 
with respect to capital arrangement, the group made reasonable arrangements on the repayment plans for the existing corporate bonds and perpetual bonds and implemented stricter payment management plan while leveraging diversified financing channels and managing the dynamic balance between capital inflow and outflow.
with respect to the control of costs and expenses, the group will continue to implement reforms of product upgrades and standardization to ensure product quality and reduce costs. the group will also utilize new media, namely heng fang tong (), and various types of media to lower its selling expenses. besides, the group established a industry-leading erp (enterprise resource planning) system, which covers seven core business modules including investment management, design management, project planning and project management, tendering management, contract management, procurement and supply chain management, with number of users reaching 16,000, and will make full use of information technology to further reduce 
as the group is undergoing a spin-off reorganisation, in accordance with question 10 of the revised frequently asked questions and answers for laws and regulations for the regulation of listed issuers ( ) of china securities regulatory commission, no final dividend for 2016 has been declared at this time. upon completion of the spin-off reorganisation, the company will declare a special dividend in respect of 50% of the distributable profits of the company for the whole year of 2016 and the first half year of 2017 to the shareholders of the company.
annual general meeting
the annual general meeting of the company will be held on thursday, 15 june 2017. a notice convening the annual general meeting of the company will be published and dispatched to the shareholders of the company in the manner required by the listing rules in due course.
closure of register of members
for determining the entitlement to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, the register of members of the company will be closed from 9 june 2017 to 15 june 2017, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. in order to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfers of shares, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the companys share registrar and transfer office, computershare hong kong investor services limited, at shops 17121716, 17th floor, hopewell centre, 183 queens road east, wanchai, hong kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 8 june 2017.
purchase, sale or redemption of the companys listed securities during 2016, the company repurchased from the market a total of 127,665,000 shares. all the repurchased shares have been cancelled. the directors believe that the repurchases of shares would lead to an enhancement of the net value of the group and its assets andor its earnings per share. details of the repurchases of the shares of the company are as follows:on 12 january 2016, the company issued 8% senior notes due 2019 with a principal amount of us$300 million. the senior notes are listed and traded on the singapore stock exchange. the company also issued on the same date 7.8% senior notes due 2019 with a principal amount of us$400 
save as disclosed above, neither the company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the companys listed securities during the year ended 31 
the company announced on 3 october 2016 that (guangzhou kailong real estate company limited) (kailong real estate) and (hengda real estate group company limited) (hengda real estate), both being subsidiaries of the company, entered into a cooperation agreement with () (shenzhen special economic zone real estate & properties (group) co. ltd.) (shenzhen real estate) and (shenzhen investment holding co. ltd.) (shenzhen investment) pursuant to which the parties agreed to work towards the entering into a reorganisation agreement under which shenzhen real estate will by way of issue of renminbi ordinary shares (a shares) andor the payment of cash consideration, acquire 100% of the equity interest in hengda real estate from kailong real estate, which will result in kailong real estate becoming the controlling shareholder of shenzhen real estate thereby enabling the company to effectively list the real estate related assets of the group on the shenzhen stock exchange a-share market (the proposed reorganisation). the proposed reorganisation constitutes a spin-off under practice note 15 of the listing rules and would require the approval of the stock exchange. on 24 january 2017, the company received the in-principle approval from the stock exchange in respect of the 
on 17 march 2017, the company announced the issue of (i) 7% senior notes due 2020 with a principal amount of us$500 million, and (ii) 8.25% senior notes due 2022 with a principal amount of us$1,000 million.
on 24 march 2017, the company announced the issue of 9.5% senior notes due 2024 with a principal amount of 
model code on securities transactions 
the group has adopted the model code for securities transactions by directors of listed issuers (the model code) set forth in appendix 10 of the listing rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions conducted by the directors. having made due and careful enquiries with the directors, the company confirmed that for the year ended 31 december 2016, all directors always abided by the model code.
review of consolidated financial

the audit committee of the company consists of all of the independent non-executive directors of the company, namely mr. chau shing yim, david, mr. he qi and ms. xie hongxi. the audit committee assists the board in providing an independent review of the completeness, accuracy and fairness of the financial statements of the group, as well as the efficiency and effectiveness of the groups operations and internal controls. the audit committee has reviewed the annual results of the group for the year ended 31 december 
announcement of full year results on the stock exchanges website and the 
the announcement of full year results have been published on the companys website (http:www.evergrande.com) and the website appointed by the stock exchange (http: 
the steady development of the group is owed to the trust and support of its shareholders, investors and business partners as well as the loyalty of our staff members. on behalf of the board, i hereby express my heartfelt gratitude 
by order of the board china evergrande group
hui ka yan

hong kong, 28 march 2017 