on behalf of the staff of far east horizon limited (the company) and its subsidiaries (the group), i would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all the shareholders for their understanding and support in the past year. the annual results for the year ended 31 december 2016 are presented as follows.
2016 was a year of challenges and opportunities. the global economy is still in the adjustment cycle as a whole, but the economies are clearly differentiated. american economy has established its recovery while other developed economies remained in the downward cycle. chinas economy was still facing great challenges and its economic growth showed a stepwise regression state in l shape. the industrial restructuring remains at the crucial stage. meanwhile, there is still a major historical opportunity in chinas economy, with the vigorous promotion of all kinds of systematization and market-oriented reform, so various types of shackles unsuitable for economic development are bound to be broken. we have reason to believe that chinas economy will utilize this adjustment to successfully achieve market-oriented reform and lay the foundation for long-term stable economic development. in addition, relying on the huge population base of china, all kinds of industry closely related to the daily life are also gradually showing the growth potential and the reasonable investment and policy guidance will stimulate the great vitality of the new economy, which will lead the chinese economy into a second leap.
in 2016, the group continued to adopt the innovative development model characterized by an organic and effective combination of finance and industries, proactively employed the business strategy of increasing market coverage and innovating services means with collaborative industry operations which was formulated at the beginning of the year, and prudently implemented well-designed business plans with calm observation and careful argument. thanks to the persistent efforts made by our staff, the group again fulfilled anticipation and achieved all objectives set by the board, delivering another record high of operating results and consolidating the operating base despite difficulties and challenges posed by the external environment.
as at the end of 2016, total assets of the group reached approximately rmb166.0 billion, up by approximately 20% from the beginning of the year.
net profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately rmb2.88 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 15%.
meanwhile, asset quality of the group remained stable with non-performing assets less than 1% and the provision coverage ratio at over 200%, fulfilling our commitments to shareholders of maintaining asset security and healthy and sustained business growth.
with the ultimate goal of safeguarding shareholders interest and maximizing shareholders value in mind, the board spared no efforts to enhance its corporate governance and optimize the management of the company. in accordance with the requirements of corporate governance code of the stock exchange, the company convened a total of four regular board meetings in 2016 to consider and approve issues on the annual results for 2015, interim results for 2016, strategic planning report for the next three years, annual operating budgets, labor costs budgets and continuing connected transactions. meanwhile, the committees under the board all exercised their rights and performed their duties authorized by the board in respect of appointment of directors, optimization of the remuneration and incentive systems and improvement of corporate development strategies.
looking forward to 2017, the global economic situation is still complex and filled with challenges and opportunities. chinas economy will continue to balance in the adjustment between traditional economy and new economy, where the challenges in traditional industries will continue to increase; but unprecedented opportunities will appear in the health care, education and other basic industries related to peoples livelihood. in the face of many uncertainties and unknown challenges, the group will continue to adhere to the strategic development direction of the integrated industry operation services, proactively stay close to the market, timely adjust the business strategy and strive to achieve the established goal of expanding market coverage, increasing product service competitiveness, and effective collaborating with financial business and industrial operations. we are committed to fulfill all the operation, management and budget objectives approved by the board for 2017, so as to create greater value for all our shareholders and related parties.
far east horizon limited

chairman of the board 29 march 2017 