on behalf of our board of directors (the board), i have the pleasure in presenting the results of sino-ocean group holding limited (our company, or the company) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as sino-ocean group, our group, the group or we) for the twelve months ended 31 december 2016.
result of 2016 and final dividend for the twelve months ended 31 december 2016, the group recorded rmb34,551 million in revenue, an increase of 12% compared to the previous year. profit attributable to owners of the company and earnings per share reached rmb3,812 million and rmb0.493, rising 60% and 74% respectively.
based on the profit attributable to owners of the company in 2016, the board is pleased to propose a final dividend of hkd0.12 per share for the year ended 31 december 2016. together with the interim dividend of hkd0.079 per share, total dividend per share for 2016 was hkd0.199 (2015: hkd0.125), representing a dividend payout ratio of 34% (2015: 33%). the payment of the 2016 final dividend would be subject to shareholders approval at the companys annual general meeting (the agm).
2016 business review in 2016, the group fully rolled out its fourth phase of strategic development. in view of the new dynamics and changes within the industry, the group boosted quality in all aspects by working on refining location planning, creating new products, enhancing customer services and encouraging synergy among shareholders, thus building a solid foundation for the realization of our strategic goals.
augmented the principal businesses across the board and fortified the core 
in 2016, the groups principal businesses progressed in leaps and bounds in terms of scale, profits and risk resistance.
total contracted sales in the year exceeded rmb50 billion for the first time, growing approximately 24% year-on-year and reaching a historical high. sales volume was also more evenly distributed among regions, seasons and businesses.
the groups total revenue in 2016 reached rmb34,551 million, up by about 12% year-on-year (yoy), delivering a profit attributable to owners of the company of about rmb3,812 million, an increase of about 60% yoy. total revenue from property development business of the group reached rmb30,809 million, rising by 14% yoy and over 90% came from tier-one and tier-two cities, going up by 10 percentage points. contributions from tier-three cities came from cultivating cities such as zhongshan. results of the groups adjusted location planning strategy of withdrawing from tier-three and tier-four cities and deep penetration of city clusters and major tier-two cities were becoming evident.
intensified overall cash flow management and further optimized debt structure as a result of intensified cash flow management, the group achieved a cash collection of more than rmb43 billion, rising substantially by nearly rmb10 billion yoy. we grasped a window in the bond market and issued corporate bonds in total of rmb4 billion at a rate of 3.5% for a five-years term only, hitting a historical low. through early repayment of high-interest loans, strict control of new loans and innovative finance channels, the group managed to reduce the comprehensive cost of finance from 6.25% in 2015 to 5.38% in 2016, maintaining interest-bearing debt at about rmb43,810 million. as at the end of 2016, the group had cash in hand rmb22,341 million, at a net gearing ratio of 44%, 15 precentage points lower yoy. at the same time, the group fine-tuned its debt structure further to keep its two-year debts of about rmb10 billion, putting it in a strong position to grow during a period of stable monetary policy.
continued to optimize location planning and effectively control land cost in 2016, the group was determined to cultivate city clusters and major tier-two cities as demanded by its strategy. the group replenished nearly 5 million sq.m. of land bank primarily in the beijing-tianjin-hebei region, the yangtze river delta, the pearl river delta and prime tier-two cities, also to go into changsha for the first time. in view of the fierce competition in the open market, the group explored alternative ways of acquiring land and acquired over 60% of the projects at relatively advantageous prices through cooperation and merger and acquisitions. as a result, key indicators such as gross profit ratio of newly-acquired land and internal rate of return managed to rise in a downward market. the groups land bank was further optimized in both location and cost, reserving ample buffer against cyclical market fluctuations and for counter-cyclical acquisition of quality land.
revitalized our brand and refining its value the fourth phase of strategic development required the group to take a holistic approach in building a diversified business with five focuses on property development, investment property development, customer service business, product construction and real estate finance. as the business structure became more established, the group revitalized its branding after a years deliberation and planning. on 14 june, the group hosted a presentation entitled changing together for healthy buildings to launch a completely new branding, redefining and upgrading the brands positioning, content, image and structure. branding of the group developed into a combination of profits operation comprising sino-ocean group, sino-ocean real estate, sinoocean commercial property, sino-ocean service, sino-ocean capital and sino-ocean construction. the group believed that delivery of values should be guided by humans needs and values, hence construction should be concerned with the health needs of the human who live and work in the buildings. the group had firmly established health as a major feature of our products and used healthy construction to start an era of healthy living with all stakeholders.
raised quality of products to build advantage in construction since health had been established as the major feature of its products, the group introduced and rapidly implemented well standard, which had been adopted in 12 projects covering more than one million sq.m.. on 22 february 2017, well living lab (china), the first of such lab in asia, was launched in sino-ocean ying chuang, wellness industrial park, providing powerful support to the mission of creating quality living environments for mid to high-end urban citizens and high-end business clients. at the same time, by segregating development and construction, boosting full-cycle project management and stepping up execution to target, the group managed to keep construction cost of its principal development business at industrys optimal level through improved cost control. after years of intensive refinement, the group succeeded in improving its products not only in quantity but also in quality in 2016.
quality surveys showed that the groups residential projects under construction were in the top tier of the industry, whereas marketing presentation and quality products delivered were also 
fortified strategic planning and elevated 
in 2016, while maintaining the scale of the traditional property development business, the group invested more resources in investment property development, customer service businesses and real estate finance, raising the core capability of its investments. cultivation in the operating capabilities of the various businesses broke new grounds.
income from the groups investment properties enjoyed a stable growth as our operating capability matured. fine-tuning and systematic alignment of retail space, raised rentals, improved income structure and tightly managed operating costs all contributed to a substantial yoy growth in ebitda. total rental income in 2016 was approximately rmb2.5 billion, of which attributable income was approximately rmb1.7 billion. as regards projects in operation, there was material increase in rental income on tenancy renewal for ocean plaza and ocean office park in beijing. business operation of large-scale commercial complex sino-ocean taikoo li chengdu has been going from strength to strength since opening and become a commercial landmark in the southwest region. as regards office space, a strategic cooperation agreement with the worlds top co-work space operator wework was signed to land their first project in the asia-pacific market, to be followed by full cooperation in numerous projects to come. in addition, the group completed acquisition of mature office blocks east ocean center and ke en project in shanghai. several medium to large complexes in beijing, tianjin, wuhan and nanjing are progressing simultaneously. investments in we-life plaza in tianjin and grand canal place in hangzhou were complete in 2016 and are scheduled to open in 2017, both offering promising 
the traditional property service business completed its development platform and chain of business. ocean homeplus property service corporation limited (ocean homeplus) was officially listed on 9 may 2016 on the national equities exchange and quotation system (stock code: 837149.oc) becoming its largest listed property service company. it was the groups first independent listing of a specific business unit. as it expanded its scale in the market, ocean homeplus launched innovative community services such as study rooms and storage in tier-one cities in a massive way. test runs for its it-based intelligent community service system began.in the meantime incubation work on customer services yielded visible results. the yijiequ community services o2o platform signed up 183 mid to high-end projects in 2016, covering more than 300,000 households in 350 communities. the groups healthcare service health in here was launched in 2016 with the opening of beijing wangjing boya clinic and beijing guomao guanghua clinic. the medical team was in place and the business model basically established.
both operating and expansion capabilities of our senior living business proved excellent. senior living lamore yizhuang enjoyed full occupancy after opening for three years. both senior living lamore qingta and senior living lamore beiyuan
opened in 2016 and have been enjoying remarkable occupancy.
the qingta project in particular exceeded 60% in 10 months after opening, a front-runner in the industry. the group lockedin 11 projects during the year and acquired the first senior living community project senior living lamore hangwan continuing living retirement community, to be followed by stronger presence in tier-one major cities and coastal cities to boost business scale rapidly.
real estate finance was another highlight in the groups performance and gradually achieving the strategic goal of being industry-and-capital-driven. in 2016, assets under management in the real estate funds were approximately rmb35 billion, growing approximately 40% yoy and of which equity investments rose materially. the funds also brought about financial synergy in the groups primary businesses of property development and investment property development. in 2016, the group also successfully re-sold over rmb10 billions of funds, establishing a virtuous cycle of financing, investing, managing and exiting. in terms of equity investments, the group bought equity in capital juda (stock code: 1329.hk), china logistics (stock code: 1589.hk), csj-sbi financial media and jiuye supply chain as a strategic investor. while producing considerable income, these investments also complemented the groups operating capabilities in real estate and finance. in terms of overseas investment, property development and investment property development in north america marked a good start of global configuration of the groups assets and businesses.
persevered with creative management to raise executive prowess continually in line with the principles of business-oriented, horizontal and flexible proposed in 2015, the group in 2016 continued to refine organization structure and management, encourage business units to initiate work independently, augment planning based on a projects full-cycle, match targets achieved with rewards and raise it level for internal management. the teams enthusiasm among staff was perceptibly higher and the attitude to achieve set targets, pursue the ultimate and change proactively was prevalent. the teams enhanced execution capability enabled smooth and efficient progression of various tasks including de-stocking, product delivery, work-in-progress and solving outstanding problems. performance indicators for net assets, sales income and net profits set for the year by the fourth phase of strategic development were basically achieved.
augmented shareholder synergy and reinforced equity structure as major shareholders, china life insurance (group) company and anbang insurance group co., ltd. have always provided strong support to the group. as regards to corporate governance, they have always maintained a stable shareholding ratio and in addition to directors, each appointed a member of senior management in 2016 to be involved in the overall management and major decisions, encouraging strategic synergy between the shareholders and the group. in terms of capital, they were the first to subscribed to the groups several offshore and onshore bond issues. during the year, the group explored extensively various areas for cooperation opportunities, and succeeded in collaborating on a strategic level and launching projects in investment property development, equity investments, development and operation of senior living and overseas investments. as business grew steadily, location planning improved continually and cooperation with major shareholders became closer, the groups influence and i m p o r t a n c e t o t h e m a j o r s h a r e h o l d e r s w e r e f u r t h e r strengthened, shareholder synergy increased and its equity structure will continue to be stable.
2016 market review 2016 was a year of cycle reversal for the real estate industry. the relaxed policies since 2014 produced satisfactory results on destocking in the past year. both volume and sales prices of commodity housing in major cities throughout the country in the first three quarters climbed. total gfa of commodity housing sold in 2016 rose to 1,573.49 million sq.m., an increase of 22.5% yoy. total sales reached rmb11,762.7 billion, rising by 34.8% yoy, an all time high. stock available for sale at the end of the year decreased even when investments in property development and gfa of new work rebounded. the rapid rise in transactions boosted property prices in popular cities excessively and also the potential risk of asset bubbles. in march 2016, some cities reintroduced policies to restrict purchase, loan and price. since september, guided by the objectives of de-leveraging and suppressing asset bubbles, major tier-one and tier-two cities adjusted the policies according to their own situation and tightened overall policies on purchase, loan, selling price, capital and land, transactions dropped as a result. prices of commodity housing went into a period of stable consolidation.
the fluctuations of the market accentuated the differentiation of various cities. asset prices of tier-one cities in prime city clusters such as beijing-tianjin-hebei region, the yangtze delta and pearl river delta quickly approached those of international cities and influenced transaction volumes and prices of peripheral cities such as langfang, suzhou, foshan and dongguan. total gfa of commodity housing transacted in the three major city clusters amounted to 40% of the national total. residential prices in regional centre cities such as hefei, zhengzhou, wuhan and jinan rose by 20%40% yoy and stock for sale dropped to a record low. however, population in most tier-three and tier-four cities is unlikely to grow much. therefore, overall stock level remained high despite improved transaction volumes and prices.
people, resources and economic activities continued to be drawn towards prime city clusters and regional centre cities.
these cities are still the foci of chinas regional economic development and the real estate industry will continue to gravitate towards the regions mentioned above.
as gfa sold and sales amount reached historical high again, the industrys total growth approached its limit and competition became even steeper. pace of industry consolidation escalated.
sales of the top ten property developers exceeded 21% of the market share in 2016, 1.4% higher yoy. market share of the next 20 developers dropped yoy and competition among branded enterprises heightened. as fierce competition in land bidding thrust land prices up, many plots were acquired at a premium in 2016 in the open market, each one higher than the other.
although the ratio of land sales in tier-one cities decreased, average land price of urban residential plots in 35 medium to large cities increased by approximately 38.1% accumulatively in the first three quarters and by 48.6% in the third quarter yoy.
faced with steep competition, property enterprises actively sought opportunities for acquisitions of companies and projects.
certain benchmarking enterprises had completed mergers and acquisitions at the company level. more and more developers are choosing merges and acquisitions of projects, jointdevelopment and joint-acquisition of land as ways to tackle high 
market outlook in 2017 chinas macro economy is still facing enormous internal and external pressures in 2017. the central government is working on stable growth but at the same time risk aversion. the goal is for the countrys gdp to have a steady but progressive growth of about 6.5%. at the same time, to avoid fluctuations in asset values and systemic financial risk brought about by gearing in the initial phase, the government was determined to implement strict overall control in the real estate market since october 2016.
money supply was effectively controlled. all major cities in china continued to tighten land acquisition and policies on real estate finance and property sale. the likelihood of returning to lax real estate policies and letting property investments to stimulate the macro economic growth is small. the central economic working conference has proposed policies to curb real estate bubbles on the one hand and prevent excessive fluctuations on the other hand as the way the industry will go by in 2017.
in a regulated environment, superior property enterprises may see a rare window of opportunity in an unfavorable market in 2017. the peoples bank of china, the china securities regulatory commission, the china banking regulatory commission and the asset management association of china strictly prohibit irregular entry of all non-standardized funds into real estate. since the shanghai stock exchange and shenzhen stock exchange raised the threshold for the issue of corporate bonds by property enterprises, industry players are now relying more and more on their own funds. many property companies recently were unable to raise capital they set out to do. in the meantime, the stringent control on property prices limited profit-yield of land acquired at high cost. the pressure on capital will provide considerable mergers and acquisitions opportunities for property enterprises in a solid financial position. in addition, with this round of regulations of supporting reasonable self-use purchase, demand in city clusters and major tier-two cities is suppressed in the short-term but will be released in an orderly manner later. in tier-one and tier-two cities where overall stocks are relatively low and have room for sales transactions and prices to grow, a sensible location planning of land bank will give premium developers a foundation for sustainable growth.
certain emerging sub-segments in the real estate industry are hoped to progress from incubation to fast-growth in 2017. on the one hand, in an environment in which the primary business is affected by macro policies, traditional business becomes more competitive and core competitiveness of emerging subsegments matures, property developers have the motivation and capability to speed up the growth of a diversified business.
on the other hand, socio-economic changes such as the rising consumption power of the urban middle-class, the ageing of the first generation of baby-boomers, the bigger singles population and a lower threshold to starting a new business have created a lot of rooms for mid to high-end commercial space, logistics real estate, senior living real estate, long-lease apartments and cowork space to develop. to grow rapidly in areas where one has core competitiveness and resources, participating in setting industry standards and establishing an advantageous position will be the vantage point that traditional property developers 
company strategies in 2017 in view of the new circumstances and opportunities presented by the macro economy and the industry, the group will, according to the set targets and requirements of the fourth phase of strategic development, perform its various tasks around the principles of optimizing management, creating values, elevating efficiency and accelerating results to build momentum on a sound, sustainable and steadfast basis.
define authority and responsibilities and fortify execution prowess the group will empower the positioning of income center, cost center and profit center in each business to determine its regional strategy, resource allocation, business execution, promote localized management of all resources to encourage independence of each business and initiatives to deliver better performance. the groups head-quarters will continue to provide support, set standards, control at high level and share monitoring to ensure effective synergy among various businesses and thorough execution of the groups development strategy. the full-cycle operation plan of projects will be a powerful starting point for the groups internal management and the basis on which staff deployment, setting of assessment standards and financial forecast will be determined. middle and senior management will be appraised and incentivized by measuring quality of execution against set standards objectively.
to be performance-oriented and translating capabilities into values as capabilities and accumulated cooperation resources of the groups various businesses mature, the group in 2017 will translate these into values for the company and shareholders.
land plots will continue to be acquired flexibly and through various channels to ensure quality in the rapid expansion of new projects. products will be professionally and exquisitely crafted with an artisan spirit, and services will be refined continually.
these changes will be turned into brand premium. co-operation with excellent partners will be extended to more areas and on a larger scale. more talents will be recruited and a more performance-oriented incentive mechanism will be in place to ensure the above-mentioned translation.
exploit fully all resources, control costs stringently to raise efficiency the group will encourage awareness of resources across the board. first, it will raise the efficiency of financial resources by doing multi-faceted and frequent analyses on operational activities to ensure the best allocation, increase capital turnover and the ability to deliver results. secondly, it will continue with asset management started in 2016, provide high incentives and invigorate inefficient assets. thirdly, it will watch closely resources spent on development and operation. the group will augment sales capabilities in all aspects and build systems to ensure all resources are deployed at appropriate market value.
the group will also promote comprehensive cost management to delineate all costs, apply stringent assessment and execution of cost-control over the full-cycle of each project, boost relationship between cost-control and reward to further enhance cost-competitiveness in all businesses.
fully grasp the industrys tempo to 
the group will grasp opportunities presented by fluctuations in the industry and make the most of all carefully garnered advantages to enhance performance in all aspects. a scheme to boost sales volume of property development has been launched within the year. while adhering to the investment criteria, the group will match the rate of increasing land bank replenishment with that of sales volume. new entries to certain important tiertwo cities and regions have produced results as this annual report is released. as regards investment property development, the group will make major breakthroughs in the scale, profit model and development capability. it will raise significantly or even double the business scale of property management and senior living while aiming for exponential growth in innovative businesses. for real estate finance, the group will also boost the operating capability of capital appreciably, raised the ratio of equity investments and overseas investments in order to double the scale of managed assets in the next few years and seek to approach both mainstream and alternative asset management 
on behalf of the board, i would like to extend my deepest gratitude to all shareholders, investors, local authorities, business partners and customers who have been most supportive; also to our directors, management and the entire staff for their dedicated hard work. we could not have performed so well and achieved our targets in the past year without their unreserved 
