philosophy of prudent 
group will continue to maintain its inherent 
capability and refine its business and financial 
i am pleased to report the audited consolidated results of agile group holdings limited (agile or the company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016 as follows: results and dividends during the year, the revenue and gross profit of the group were rmb46,679 million and rmb12,366 million, representing an increase of 8.5% and 14.4% respectively when compared with last year. net profit amounted to rmb3,050 million, representing an increase of 32.5%. overall gross profit margin and net profit margin were 26.5% and 6.5%, representing an increase of 1.4 percentage points and 1.1 percentage points respectively when compared with last year.
during the year, the groups total recognised sales of property development was rmb44,752 million, representing an increase of 8.0% when compared with last year.
revenue from property management and property investment also increased by 31.4% and 95.5%. revenue from hotel operations was comparable with last year.
taking into account the groups business development needs and shareholders investment returns, the board of directors of the company (the board) has proposed the declaration and payment of a final dividend of hk20.0 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 december 2016. to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the group and to appreciate the long-term support of the shareholders, the board has also proposed the declaration and payment of a special dividend of hk25.0 cents per ordinary share.

during the year, the group achieved objectives set at the beginning of the year and honoured its commitments on business results after the reform, with breakthroughs in a number of areas. both the pre-sales and the cash collection in the property development business hit a record high. financial position was substantially improved, with strong cash flows. onshore financing channels were more flexible, while gearing ratio was further reduced. meanwhile, the selling and marketing costs and administrative expenses were properly managed, giving a strong boost to development in future years.
such good results were achieved not only due to favourable factors in the market, but also due to the groups improved management.
in respect of the property development business, during the year, property market of china showed signs of recovery with a strong demand of first time home buyers, contributing to the increase of selling price in many cities. the group capitalised on market opportunities by launching projects in a timely manner at reasonable prices. flexible marketing strategies to clear the inventories continued to be effective, with satisfactory performance in terms of both sales and cash collection. during the year, the groups pre-sales in the property development business was rmb52,820 million, representing an increase of 19% over last year. the gfa pre-sold was 5.30 million sq.m., with a corresponding average selling price of rmb9,962 per sq.m., representing an increase of 5% and 14% respectively when compared with last year.
the group maintained its leading position in different markets.
in zhongshan district and guangzhou and foshan district, the group had reached remarkable pre-sales of over rmb10,000 million and rmb8,000 million respectively, while the average selling price had increased by 41.3% and 35.7% respectively; hainan clearwater bay continued to be one of the most popular tourism property projects in china and achieved nearly rmb9,000 million pre-sales with good profit margin; the group achieved steady growth of pre-sales in eastern china region with over rmb11,000 million; and other regions were showing stable presales performance. during the year, total recognised sales from property development of the group was rmb44,752 million, representing an increase of 8.0% when compared with last year, reaching a record high.
in respect of other businesses, with more properties delivered and the vigorous expansion of third-party businesses during the year, the groups revenue from property management increased by 31.4%, together with good performance in broadening sources of income and reducing operating expenses. revenue from property investment business increased by 95.5% when compared with last year, of which, guangzhou agile centre recorded an occupancy rate of over 90%. revenue from hotel operations was comparable with last year.
strengthening management for better profits during the year, the group further strengthened its management.
with a view to maintaining reasonable profitability, the group adopted a multi-pronged strategy in promoting project development efficiency and lowered inventory level through sales-based production and dynamic adjustments, resulted in a significant rise in the gross profit margin during the second half of the year, which was 32.5%, when compared with that of the first half, which was 20.0%, with the annual overall gross profit margin being 26.5%. during the year, the core profit attributable to shareholders of the company was rmb2,744 million, representing an increase of 13.0% when compared with last year.
the group believes that timely introduction of products tailored to market demand is particularly important to ensure stable growth of the property development business. during the year, the group continued to optimise its product mix by focusing on products catering for end-users and upgraders demands, supplemented by quality tourism property products of health care, retirement and holiday purposes, as well as high-end products tailored to market demands. in addition, the group continued to enhance its product quality. during the year, the group developed dozens of new flat types and a number of new facades. it also endeavoured to optimise the interior design and details and to improve the landscaping of its projects, so as to maintain its leading position in the industry and to provide residents with a comfortable environment.
seeking opportunities actively to promote diversified 
during the year, the group made intensive efforts to expand its existing businesses and to explore other business opportunities, laying a solid foundation for its long-term development.
in line with its development, the group strategically procured premium land parcels of 2.32 million sq.m. in total planned attributable gfa in beijing, changzhou, foshan, guangzhou, hainan, huizhou, suzhou, wuhan, zhengzhou, zhongshan,
zhuhai and south san francisco of us. total consideration attributable by the group was rmb19,200 million. as at 31 december 2016, the group had a premium land bank with an estimated gfa of about 32.60 million sq.m. in 46 cities and districts, laying a solid cornerstone for its property development 
in respect of property management, the group continued to expand the a-living business and to improve services of the a-steward online platform. it also cooperated with partners in various areas, with a view to providing residents and tenants with more diversified services. as at 31 december 2016, the groups contracted gfa under management was 57.56 million sq.m.. in respect of hotel operations, the group continued to optimise its services, expand marketing channels, broaden sources of income and reduce operating expenses. in respect of the new environmental protection business, the group continued to optimise the technologies and management of existing projects and further expanded the business.
substantially improved financial position and diversified 
sound financial position has been the pillar supporting the groups business development. therefore, the group made active efforts to enhance its cash flow management during the year and endeavoured to further accelerate the sales turnover.
it also strengthened capital and budget management and optimised cost and expenditure control. meanwhile, the group consolidated and optimised its debt structure through a number of financing channels onshore and offshore. on the onshore front, the group issued rmb1,600 million corporate bonds due 2021 with a coupon rate of 4.7%, rmb1,200 million non-public corporate bonds due 2020 with a coupon rate of 5.8%, rmb3,000 million non-public corporate bonds due 2020 with a coupon rate of 4.98%, rmb1,800 million non-public corporate bonds due 2021 with a coupon rate of 4.6%, rmb1,200 million nonpublic corporate bonds due 2023 with a coupon rate of 5.7% and rmb1 billion 5% to 6% asset-backed securities backed by property management fee receivable due 2021. it also obtained a hkd6,707 million 3-year syndicated loan and a hkd780 million 3-year bank loan. in addition, the company redeemed in full the usd650 million 8.875% senior notes due 2017.
during the year, the groups overall cash collection recorded a significant improvement. the group had strong cash flows and successfully lowered its gearing ratio. as at 31 december 2016, the groups total cash and bank deposits amounted to rmb22,311 million and its undrawn borrowing facilities stood at rmb2,400 million. as at 31 december 2016, the net debt to total equity ratio of the group was 49.1%, representing a significant decrease of 14.9 percentage points when compared with 31 
furthermore, the groups cost of borrowings was reduced when compared with last year. during the year, the total cost of borrowings of the group was rmb3,275 million, representing a decrease of rmb146 million when compared with rmb3,421 million last year. the decrease was mainly attributable to lower borrowing rate during the year compared to last year. taking into consideration of exchange differences arising from foreign currencies borrowings, the groups effective borrowing rate for the year was 7.6%. furthermore, the weighted average funding cost of 2016 new borrowings was around 6.1%.
in order to reduce risks arising from exchange rate movements in usd-and hkd-denominated debts, the group reduced the percentage of foreign currency borrowings during the year and concluded capped forward contracts of usd1,605 million and hkd4,450 million respectively. and the group recorded fair value gains in derivatives financial instruments of rmb562 million arising from the said contracts as a deduction of finance costs during the year. as at 31 december 2016, the notional amount of the capped forward contracts entered into by the group has covered about 80% of the group usd-and hkd-denominated 
good corporate governance and multi-channel 
the group upholds the concept of mutual communication for a win-win situation. subject to the requirements of the listing rules and laws, the group maintains effective mutual communication and builds long-standing, stable relationships with commercial banks, investment banks, rating agencies, investors and analysts, thereby improving its corporate 
a responsible corporate citizen in pursuit of sustainable 
upholding the belief of benefiting from society, giving back to society, the group is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities. during the year, rmb81 million charitable donations were made. the group firmly believes that environmental protection is a key part in its sustainable development, and strives to contribute to environmental protection from project planning to completion and sale, as well as property management and hotel operations. furthermore, the group actively promotes environmental education and encourages the staff to practise low carbon living.
prospects and strategy looking ahead, the overall economy of china is expected to maintain steady growth in 2017. the group will continue to uphold the philosophy of prudent development, adopt a strategy of diversified development and drive the steady growth of all its business segments. apart from expanding property development and promoting steady profit growth, the group will also accelerate its development and enhance its competitiveness in business segments such as property management, hotel operations, property investment and environmental protection.
more profit centres will be created. at the same time, the quality of the groups products and services should be further optimised with a customer-oriented approach.
while steadily expanding its businesses, the group will strive to maintain robust cash flows and a reasonable profit margin.
by means of accelerating sales turnover, enhancing financing ability, reducing financing costs, allocating resources in an orderly manner and reducing operating expenses, the group is strive to continue the profit growth trend in the second half of 2016 and to achieve sustainable development. the group has engaged professional advisers to review and advise on the feasibility, structure and timing of the potential spin-off listing of its property management business, in order to realise value of the business and enhance shareholders return.
a premium land bank is the cornerstone of the property development business. the group will adopt an active but prudent strategy in land acquisition, with priority given to opportunities in cities where existing projects with a competitive edge are located, as well as first and second tier cities with substantial growth potential. with thorough analysis and planning, the group will strategically acquire premium land parcels when opportunity arises. it will continue to improve its geographic diversification and optimise its product structure.
meanwhile, the group will continue to control costs effectively through product standardisation, and will implement strict construction management to ensure effective management of resources for sale.
the group will continue to enhance its overall management and execution capability, with a view to laying a solid foundation for healthy development in the long term, by further streamlining the decision-making process, with ongoing control on administrative expenses and enhancement of efficiency.
the group is confident that, with the above measures and the efforts of all staff, it will be able to drive its overall business growth steadily and further increase the brand awareness of agile across the nation and maintain its position in the competitive market. meanwhile, the group will also continue its promise of undertaking corporate social responsibilities and contributing to society by taking part in charity affairs.

on behalf of the board, i would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to the enormous support from our shareholders and customers, as well as the dedicated efforts of all our staff members, which enable agile to grow and to achieve good 
chen zhuo lin
chairman and president
hong kong, 15 march 2017 