chairmans statementdear shareholders, in 2010, china launched a series of austerity measures such as the eleven measures, new four measures, increase of down payment threshold and limitation on purchase and suspension of loans. the local governments have also introduced a series of rules with frequent control measures to stabilize the property market as the macro economy was volatile.
for 2010, the management of aoyuan adopted a prudent development strategy and adhered to the development concept of building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle, by integrating elements such as environment protection, comfort, health and regimen into project development and adopting low carbon, regimen and healthy housing as its major development concept, which were reflected in its project construction with more concern placed on the healthiness of chinese people in respect of lifestyle. such development focus has received compliments from the society at large and especially domestic and overseas investors. in 2010, aoyuan achieved contracted sales of over rmb4.76 billion, an increase of over 65.5% compared with the same period in 2009. it achieved great progress in all aspects during the year: in low carbon housing, shenyang aoyuan the metropolis adopted eight leading low carbon technologies and was a sensational success in shenyang and the northeast region which attracted numerous customers with a strong sales of rmb360 million and symbolized our strong presence in the domain of low-carbon housing; in respect of health and regimen, after years of preparation, aoyuan regimen city introduced internationally renowned cooperative partners such as the mj group, one of the top three health management institutions in the world and the swiss anti-aging center and trial operation has already commenced; for commercial properties, the successful launch and sales results of aoyuan plaza laid a solid foundation for the development of commercial projects in the future.
looking forward to 2011, the chinese government will continue to implement austerity measures and the introduction of the new eight measures would further strengthened the control towards the real estate industry in aspects such as land, purchase, credit and taxation. premier wen jiabao indicated in an interview the confidence and determination to achieve the objectives of housing price regulation, which demonstrated the concern and determination of the central government towards regulation of the real estate market, which provided opportunities as well as challenges to aoyuan. aoyuan will combine its own advantages in the industry to fulfill the strong demand and maintain rapid development; for its brand concept, aoyuan will adhere to building a healthy, low-carbon lifestyle and continue to develop leading projects in the domain of low carbon and healthy housing to fulfill the development themes of future living such as environment protection, low carbon, health and regimen. regarding the management team and personnel training, we will strengthen the cultivation of key personnel and improve operational capabilities of the project through an optimized performance appraisal and incentive system and enhance the initiative and enthusiasm of our team. as for landbank and financial management, the group will diversify its funding channels and increase its quality land bank more effectively through prudent financial management.
meanwhile, by standardizing product design, improving consciousness for the best and optimizing property management, we will speed up the property development and maintain aoyuans brand image.
lastly, on behalf of the board, i would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners, the media and those who concern about our group in the community for their unfailing trust and support on the group. i would also like to thank members of the board, senior management and all staff members for their diligence and hard work.
guo zi wen

22 march 2011 