it is my pleasure to present you with the annual report of china aoyuan property group limited (the company, together with its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the group) for the year ended 31 december 2016.
in 2016, the world economy was still under adjustment with increasing risks brought by changes in various aspects, and the growth of the world economy has slowed down as compared with 2015. in 2016, the housing policy of china was quite relaxed at first then continued to be tightened in hot spot cities. overall, as affected by monetary easing policy, the periodical tight supply and demand, as well as rising land prices, housing prices in hot spot cities rose significantly, but became stable after regulatory tightening. various kinds of demand continued to lead the market, therefore, transactions were at high levels and the volume hit historical high.
in 2016, capitalized on favorable policies as well as innovative and flexible strategies, the group achieved excellent sales performance and maintained strong growth momentum with steadily improved comprehensive strength. the group recorded total contracted sales of approximately rmb 25.6 billion as at 31 december 2016, representing a significant increase of approximately 69% year-onyear, and exceeding approximately 51% of its full year target.
with its outstanding operational performance, healthy financial profile and improving brand influence, the group has been awarded asguangdong province enterprise of observing contract and valuing credit for 17 consecutive years; top 20 guangdong property enterprises with high credit for 15 consecutive years; and ranked no. 29 among 2016 china top 30 real estate developers by the china real estate association and china real estate evaluation 
the group continued to achieve satisfactory progress towards parallel development in domestic and overseas markets. the recognition of the local australian market gained from the sydney projects demonstrates the groups excellent execution capability in overseas markets. in november 2016, the group successfully acquired two high quality residential projects in sydney, namely altessa 888 gordon and mirabell turramurra, laying a solid foundation for the groups sustainable development in australia. in march 2017, the group acquired a high quality project next to vancouver cbd, canada.
the group will replicate its successful experience in australia and develop the vancouver project by capitalizing on its localization strategy for overseas development and provide high-end residential 
in 2016, the group expanded the cultural tourism segment, and kick started the xinhua town, yingde aoyuan international resort project to promote the english black tea culture. the project innovatively develops a gourmet factory + cultural tourism model town, integrating food workshops, spa resorts, animation entertainment, pastoral farm, science popularization education and ecological habitat.
meanwhile, the cross-border e-commerce has seen substantial development. newly upgraded comprehensive cross-border e-commerce platforms, including the official online mall (aomygod.
com), mobile apps and wechat mall of aomygod, were officially 
in line with rapid business development, the group upholds a prudent financial management while proactively diversifying its onshore and offshore financing channels, continuously strengthening its financial position. in 2016, the group secured a syndicated loan led by nanyang commercial bank and the facility has upsized to usd180 million from the existing facility of usd100 million which was announced in 2015. the group successfully issued non-public domestic 4-year corporate bonds of rmb500 million with a coupon rate of 7.9% and issued non-public domestic 3-year corporate bonds of rmb1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 5.88%. the group also successfully issued usd250 million offshore senior notes due 2019 with a coupon rate of 6.525%. as of 31 december 2016, the net gearing ratio of the group was 50.7% and the cash collection ratio remained at a relatively industry-high level of 90% realising positive operating cash flows. in 2016, the groups credit rating outlook was successfully upgraded to positive by the three major international rating agencies, namely moodys, standard & poors and fitch ratings. the groups corporate credit rating was upgraded to bb- by fitch ratings.
the group continued to adhere to its land acquisition strategy with a focus on tier 1 and 2 cities in 2016. leveraging its diversified land acquisition channels, the group has acquired a number of high quality land parcels in guangzhou, shenzhen, foshan, chengdu, nanning and sydney australia, etc., with the newly added gfa of approximately 3,140,000 sq.m., laying a solid foundation for the companys sustainable development. as of 31 december 2016, the group had a total land bank of 14.65 million sq.m. in gfa, which is sufficient for the development needs for approximately five years in the future.
in the future, the group will continue to adhere to its development strategy of rapid development and rapid sales. the group will enhance its design and management to create quality products with market competitiveness. the group will continue to maintain its disciplined strategy of investing in key regions with good market prospects and prosperous economy, and promote its parallel development in domestic and overseas property markets. at the same time, the group will maintain prudent financial management while promoting its rapid and sustainable business development, thus delivering shareholders with fruitful returns.
last but not least, it is my great privilege on behalf of the board of directors to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, investors, business partners, property owners and friends in the media and general public for their unfailing trust and support. at the same time, i would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their tireless contribution.
guo zi wen

hong kong, 10 march 2017 