chairman s statement 2007 was the second year since greentown s hong kong listing. during the year, the company embraced its consistent value idea, was devoted to operation and conscientious in work, and made new breakthroughs in various aspects of operation. the company s sales revenue was 113% higher over last year, reaching rmb15.1 billion. the implementation of product quality refining strategy and the launch of premium community service system also saw active market response and result support. the company had created a sounder foundation for its sustainable and healthy development, and had also gained the potential for accelerating growth.
for the development of china s property sector at present and going forward, various market participants, such as the government, financial institutions, scholars, consumers, and developers, have different opinions from different viewpoints. however, we have been clear that under the background of china s rapid economic development and accelerating urbanization, people s longing for modern urban civilization is the main theme of china s real estate industry.
the demand in the property sector is real, and its clients, labor and raw materials are literally all in the domestic market. therefore it is evidently a driving factor for china s economic development and is of great importance. china s property sector is at a growing stage and has a bright prospect.
due to the cyclical impact from the state s policies on land supply, finance and taxation, the development of real estate industry will also endure cyclical adjustment.
this type of adjustment is the industry s organic requirement for itself. the changes of market supply and demand structure brought by the adjustment will facilitate the sector s long-term healthy development.
in 2008, we will maintain our positive attitude while taking a meticulous approach.
we will recognize market requirements, adopt ourselves to market changes, and seek for market opportunities. the product quality refining strategy we introduced in 2007 was another improvement for product quality. in 2008 the company will continue to enhance the strategy. the only way that the company can obtain its capability of defensing market risk is to improve product quality and make our products super values for money . this will be out basic principle and long-term strategy.
the company has established strategic partnership with a number of prestigeous enterprises such as the zhejiang daily group, zhejiang provincial railway investment group, xizi elevator group, and haier group, and thus has created the complementary advantages and win-win partnership situation in the process of practice. development with partners has been an important complement for the company s core capabilities. in 2008 and afterwards, we will develop in cooperation with more outstanding domestic and foreign enterprises in real estate sector and other industries.
with its intrinsic and improving advantages, the company will dedicate itself to the further enhancement of operation efficiency and establishment of an excellent team of professionals, and therefore achieve its sustainable development and improvement. this is the company s constant principle. we are of confidence in the company s development.
i should like to avail myself of this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to the company s customers, shareholders and diligent employees.

21 april 2008 