in 2016, the real estate market boomed with record-breaking transaction volumes. the development of real estate corporations with sales of rmb 10 billion or more experienced more significant changes.
during the year, with the revolutionary innovation of the company and the joint efforts of all employees, the valuation of greentown successfully exceeded rmb100 
offering ideal living services which benefit our customers, the company and 
in recent years, greentown china has been committed to its vision of evolving into an integrated services provider for an ideal life. adhering to our strategy to develop platform-based services, we have actively engaged in establishing greentown ideal life technology company
limited. for the past 22 years, greentown has been providing ideal living services which benefit our customers, the company and the society. our contributions to the rapid development of the real estate industry have been well recognised. while maintaining the outstanding quality of our products and services, the company has continued to encourage product innovation, research and development, and to establish new varieties and new models for our services. this has facilitated the transformation of greentown from building houses to building lifestyles and established the core competitiveness for the future of greentown china.
we build homes for our customers. while customers receive their new homes, they become our family members. in the future, we will satisfy their needs and provide a better way of living for them through our living services platform. constructing the content of living services with comprehensive support is essential to the business model as well as the sustainable development of greentown.
the establishment of greentown asset management has ensured sufficient resources for the implementation of our service strategy. offering ideal living services is not a slogan, nor does it exist only on mobile devices or on the internet.
the provision of such services requires offline support which is guaranteed by the companys extensive network of auxiliary facilities, such as clubhouses, hotels, hospitals, schools, and commercial facilities. provision of services will play an essential role in the real estate industry.
in the future, greentown ideal life and greentown asset management will work closely with the welfare organizations to better serve our family members.
towns providing ideal living environment with the rapid growth of the prc's economy, cities in the prc are undergoing significant changes while traditional chinese towns and villages are gradually becoming desolated. we believe that ideal towns would serve to realize the pursuit for beautiful lives of all mankind. by building ideal towns which are warmer than cities, yet more civilized than country villages, we are able to actualize the fantasy of ideal life since time immemorial. in 2016, greentown china established an organization structure of one body, four wings. within the structure, greentown town development is responsible for ideal town projects. by combining the ideal living environment and the ideal living services, we attempt to build paradise-like residential areas with distinctive features which facilitate and promote the community culture.
common growth of staff and the company progress of work does not only mean technical improvements, but more importantly, the positive changes of mentality. we hope that 2017 will be a year of progress. one of greentowns top priorities is to provide infrastructure and support for our employees to technically and mentally prepare for and adapt to the ever changing challenges in the market. by doing so, they can grow and make progress with the company, which is the fundamental goal of our talent 
2017 is crucial year for greentown china. we will unite as one to maintain the outstanding quality of our products and services and innovate living services. we will continue to adhere to greentowns spirit of truthfulness, kindness and beautifulness, and to work towards greentowns ideal of beautiful construction, wonderful lifestyle.
