chairman & ceo s statement we are pleased to announce that nagacorp ltd. ( nagacorp or the company ) reported a 109% increase in net profit of us$92.0 million for the year ended 31 december 2011 amidst an uncertain global economy. propelled by the economic development of the asia pacific region, the gaming market in this part of the world continues to grow at impressive rates. that regional vibrancy has undoubtedly had a positive effect on the company s overall financial performance, but has also highlighted our competitive advantage.
our financial performance in 2011 resulted in the highest net profit achieved by the company since our public listing in 2006. we achieved these results by implementing a prudent business strategy and operational efficiency. this produced higher net profit margins and lower earnings volatility for the company.
throughout last year, nagacorp remained steadfast in forging a path toward growth, and above all else, building continued value for you, our shareholders.
record results, continued prudent strategy worldwide tourist arrivals for 2011 grew by over 4.4% compared to 2010. in 2012, international tourist growth is forecast to reach the historic 1 billion mark by the end of the year (source: world tourism organisation). comparatively, tourism in cambodia increased by approximately 15% to 2.9 million visitors during 2011 compared to 2010 (source: cambodia ministry of tourism). nagacorp s strategic geographic location in indochina is key to our competitive strength in the mass gaming market. our business strategy of optimising our products and services, and strengthening our brand awareness in target markets has paved the way to increasing revenue and profitability.
we strive to provide the best hospitality services to our customers. within a competitive and burgeoning gaming climate throughout the asia pacific region, nagaworld s performance has kept pace with the robust levels of intra- regional travel and consumer spending which is stimulating steady growth in gaming revenue.
at the beginning of 2011 we set aggressive goals to meet our business objectives. not only did we meet our goals, we exceeded them. the company s marketing strategy for vietnam is an integral component in generating business from this customer base, both on the public floor as well as junket vip segments. we believe that the success of these marketing efforts has set the standard for similar marketing strategies for thailand and other markets in the region and will continue to generate growth from all segments of the business.
we believe that nagacorp has only just begun to tap into the junket market, especially within the burgeoning economies of vietnam, china and thailand. penetration into these emerging junket markets with sizeable potential is the key to future growth of the junket business. the company has engaged international advertising agencies in thailand and vietnam to create and execute broad branding and awareness campaigns to capture critical market share. we believe that tapping revenue from the junkets business is one of the keys to the future growth of the company s overall gaming business.

timothy patrick mcnally chairman
steady dividend yield with dividend payout ratio of approximately 70% the board has resolved to declare a final dividend of us cents 1.55 per share (or equivalent to hk cents 12.09 per share) for the year ended 31 december 2011. the proposed final dividend together with the interim dividend is us cents 3.09 per share (or equivalent to hk cents 24.10 per share), representing a dividend payout ratio of 70% in based on the closing market price of hk$3.22 on 21 february 2012, the final dividend provided a half-year yield of 7.5%, which is impressive among gaming companies in the world.
being centrally located in the gaming culture of asia, the company will continue to offer gaming and non-gaming products to the almost 160 million people of the rapidly growing economies of thailand and vietnam to increase both the mass market and junket segments of nagacorp.
our performance is on an upward trend, producing notable shareholder value during 2011. the next 3-5 years will see nagaworld on a growth trajectory of more hotel rooms, more public floor area, and more public car parking space. the company s corporate vision is to become an internationally competitive, world class corporation with sustained excellence. the approval of a very substantial acquisition and connected transaction with nagacorp chief executive officer and majority shareholder, tan sri dr chen lip keong in the extraordinary general meeting (egm) held on 30 january 2012 is a component of the company s growth and continued footprint in indochina.
nagacorp is continually enhancing its position as indochina s premier hotel casino complex, offering international standard services and products to its customers and visitors coming from surrounding and growing economies, and beyond. we strive to be more competitive throughout the region and internationally, both in terms of scale and the range of facilities we offer.

tan sri dr chen lip keong chief executive officer
for many years, nagacorp has been recognized for its leadership in corporate social responsibility.
nagaworld will continue its journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold its responsible position in the country.

nagacorp has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the company and its subsidiaries (collectively the group ) with a focus on anti-money laundering. the independent professional party has performed reviews of the internal controls of the group and its findings are set out in this report.
the company has also engaged another professional party to assess the investment risks in cambodia and its findings are set out in this report.

the board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continued support.
timothy patrick mcnally tan sri dr chen lip keong chairman chief executive officer
22 february 2012 