we are pleased to report that nagacorp continued to generate positive operational and financial results for shareholders during 2016 with net profit of us$184 million, a 7% increase over last year. gross gaming revenue (ggr) for the year ended 31 december 2016 (the year) increased by 4% to us$501 million, compared to a 3% decline for macau.
our positive results were attributed to a combination of solid business strategy and acumen, operational and execution efficiency, and an increasingly vibrant tourism market in a politically stable country, leading to an increase in business volume across all segments of the gaming business. today we operate the largest integrated leisure and gaming entertainment destination in the 
steady tourism and local economic

visitation to cambodia continued to grow with international arrivals increasing by 5.0% to 5.0 million visitors in 2016 compared to 2015, with arrivals through phnom penh international airport increasing by 10%. visitors originating from vietnam (19%), china (17%) and thailand (8%), together accounted for 44% of total arrivals to cambodia. visitors from china increased by 20% year-on-year to 830,003 visitors in 2016 (source: ministry of tourism, cambodia). visitor growth continues to be one of the growth drivers of the groups business.
the increase in international arrivals into cambodia was driven by the countr y s political stability, an abundance of business opportunities in an emerging market, and increasing appeal as a travel destination.
the cambodian economy also continued to register stable growth during the year. the international monetary fund is projecting real growth in cambodias gross domestic product (gdp) of 7.0% in 2016 and 6.9% in 2017 along with inflation of 3.1% and 2.7%, 
strategic positioning for regional 
the group continued to achieve growth in the mass market segment where public floor tables buy-ins and electronic gaming machines (egm) bills-in increased by 12% and 9%, respectively. this business volume growth is attributable to tourism growth into cambodia, generating increased footfall into nagaworld. during the year, public floor tables revenue grew by 7%, as a result of 12% increase in buy-ins. egm revenue grew by 6%, as a result of a 9% increase in bills-in and the receipt of a fee of us$60.0 million (2016 egm fee) from an investor for the placement and operation of egm in nagaworld.
as at 31 december 2016, the groups loyalty program, the golden edge rewards club had approximately 16,041 active mass market members (31 december 2015: 15,500). the group continues its efforts to understand its members profile, create targeted marketing promotions and rollout player development initiatives to increase the number of visitors and the amount of gaming spending.
the groups vip market comprises players brought in by junkets, who are either under a commission or incentive program, and direct players without an intermediary. the overseas junket incentive program introduced in march 2013 has since enabled the group to increase existing table limits while managing volatility and credit risk. vip rollings increased by 11% to us$8.7 billion with a win rate of 2.6%.
since january 2016, the group had revised its overseas junket incentive program to improve 
non-gaming revenue increased by 33% to us$30.7 million, primarily resulting from higher occupancy and average rates as well as better performance across all the food and beverage (f&b) outlets.
during the year, we continued our efforts to provide internationally recognized products and services to both gaming and non-gaming patrons while continuing to grow market share through our unique position in the region.
the opening of nagacity walk in august 2016 marked a significant step in the companys development. nagacity walk will enhance the overall retail experience available to guests and further strengthen nagaworlds appeal to both the vip and mass markets. china duty free group (cdfg), the largest duty-free operator in china, has leased about 3,800 square meters in nagacity walk to operate duty-free shopping on the premises. in addition, the expected opening of the tsclk complex in 2017 is expected to enhance nagaworlds appeal to both the vip and mass markets across the region.
nagacity walk was completed and acquired by the company on 17 may 2016. the tsclk complex (also known as naga2) was completed and acquired by the company on 30 december 2016. it is undergoing fit-out and is expected to be operational in 2017.
based on the current state of development, our gaming and resort development project in vladivostok, russia remains broadly on schedule for operation by 2019. we have established an office at the city center and a number of key personnel have been appointed to monitor various aspects of the progress of the project. we believe our strategy to diversify our business geographically and expand into new casino markets will drive revenue growth in the long term.
maintaining competitive dividend

as a top-performing gaming stock on the stock exchange, nagacorp continues to deliver profitability and business volume growth at an impressive level compared to other gaming operations in the region.
the board of directors of the company (the board) has resolved to declare payment of a final dividend and distribution of us cent 0.82 per shareconversion share (or equivalent to hk cents 6.36 per shareconversion share) for the year (the final dividend and distribution).
the proposed final dividend and distribution, together with the interim dividend and distribution, the sum of which is us cents 3.59 per shareconversion share (or equivalent to hk cents 27.82) represents a dividend and distribution payout ratio of 60%, based on the net profit generated for the year. the final dividend will be paid on monday, 15 may 2017, subject to the approval of the shareholders of the company (the shareholders) at the annual general meeting to be held on tuesday, 25 april 2017 (the 2017 agm).
environmental and social

for many years, nagacorp has been recognized for its leadership in environmental and social responsibility. this year was no different. we will continue our journey of being a good corporate citizen and striving for excellence to uphold our responsible position in the country.

nagacorp has engaged an independent professional party to review the internal controls of the group with a focus on anti-money laundering. the independent professional party has issued its findings in a report, details of which are enclosed in this annual report. the company has also engaged another professional party, political and economic risk consultancy, ltd., to assess the investment risks in cambodia and its findings are set out in this annual report.

the board would like to express their appreciation to our employees for their hard work and dedication, and to our shareholders, customers, and suppliers for their continued 
timothy patrick mcnally

hong kong, 8 february 2017 