statement from the chairman
i am pleased to report that the successfully integrated and enlarged mobile business and the satisfactory performance of the other operations contributed to a solid growth of hkt in 2014.
the mobile business has now become an even more significant part of hkt s strategy, especially in this increasingly mobile-centric world. within a few months of the completion of the acquisition of csl new world mobility limited last may, hkt has re-launched the brands, rationalized the retail channels and enhanced our market offerings for the benefit of our customers. we have commenced aggregating the spectrum to upgrade network speed, while good progress has also been made in fully integrating our radio networks with a view to realizing further cost synergies arising from the acquisition.
hkt s fixed broadband business continued to record healthy growth last year against a softer economy, dampened market sentiment on spending and intensified price competition. the number of customers enjoying hkt s genuine fiber-to-the-home (ftth) service has exceeded half a million, and it is still internationally, building on its well-diversified geographical footprint, pccw global further expanded its network coverage and resilience, and enriched its service capabilities during the year. this business is poised to benefit from the increasing global market demand in particular for data connectivity.

entering 2015, local economic growth appears subdued and there are some uncertainties in the global economies including the eurozone. nevertheless, given the much stronger position hkt now enjoys as the leader in fixed line and broadband as well as mobile communications, we are confident of further growing the company in the interests of our unitholders.
finally, the board wishes to pay tribute again to sir roger lobo, who retired last may as an independent non-executive director after serving the board and unitholders well for many years. the board also welcomes the appointment of mr. bg srinivas, group managing director of pccw limited, who joined as a non-executive director in august.

february 10, 2015 