chairmans statementdear shareholders, 2016 was the first year of the current five-year strategic planning of the company. the company not only comprehensively exceeded the annual operation targets, but also further promoted the effective implementation of the five strategies, namely organic growth on preform, fibre and cable, technology innovation and intelligent manufacturing, internationalisation, diversification and capital synergy growth. the main achievements made by the company are reflected in the following aspects: firstly, we reached another new record on operation results: the company has been consistently focusing on customers, seizing the market opportunities brought by the market shortage, overall optimising the internal and external resources, and making every effort to fulfill various demands from our customers, and has comprehensively achieved the operation targets in 2016. our production and sales volume both reached another historical highs of 107.9 million fkm and 134.2 million fkm, respectively.
our revenue increased by 20.4%, net profit increased by 21.6%, and our earnings per share was rmb1.03.
secondly, we further improved our market layout: centering on the strategy of connotative growth of preform-fiber-cable business, the company has accelerated the improvement on domestic capacity layout. through the expansions in 2016, the company has formed a nationwide production supply network centering on hubei and radiating to gansu, liaoning, sichuan, shanghai, jiangsu, tianjin, guangdong and zhejiang, which has significantly enhanced our capacity advantage and regional structure. meanwhile, centering on the international expansion strategy and leverage on the belt and road, optical cable joint ventures in myanmar and south africa and an optical fibre joint venture in indonesia have been put into operation whilst a sales company in thailand has been established, which marked the overall launch of our overseas localised production and sales services. through continuous efforts and planning, the sales scale and the market share of the company kept growing. as a result, the company has achieved its strategic goal of becoming global no.1 on the sales volume of optical fibre preform, optical fibre and optical cable in 2016.
thirdly, we gained fruitful achievements on constant technology development: by way of import, digestion, absorption and reinnovation, the company has completely mastered the pcvd process. meanwhile, the self-developed vad process has been applied in large-scale production. in addition, the ovd project undertaken by the joint venture with shin-etsu chemical co., ltd. has also been put into trial production. as a result, the company has become the only supplier in the world capable of large-scale production of optical fibre preform utilizing the aforesaid three main processes. furthermore, based on selfinnovation, the company has strengthened external cooperation and preliminarily developed various products and services such as silicon tetrachloride, network engineering service solutions, which brought us the most complete value chain in the industry. meanwhile, the company has also made significant breakthroughs in multiple fields such as wide-band multimode fibre, few-mode fibre, large effective area and ull optical fibre as well as optical fibre for medical applications. moreover, the company has entered into strategic cooperation agreements with china unicom network technology research institute,
the wuhan branch of china electric power research institute and other institutes, respectively, to jointly develop optical fibre applications. all these have strongly enhanced the companys research and development ability and supported the relevant diversification of the company.
fourthly, we pursued the excellent management and obtained sound results: the company has strictly complied with the compliance requirements applicable to companies listed in hong kong, optimised the internal operation and management, improved the quality and efficiency, and endeavoured to create greater value for our shareholders. in 2016, the company was granted with highest investment value award by bloomberg businessweek, and the share price and the market capitalisation of the company have both doubled. besides, the company has continuously promoted lean production and reduced operating costs by utilizing six sigma and other tools, which showed remarkable achievements. in addition, through cooperation with third-party management consulting firms, the company has further optimised and improved its internal management structure, established the groups large market and large research and development platform, improved customer responsiveness and organic growth ability, and solidified the companys core 
fifthly, our brand and industry positions have been strengthened continuously: the company has always regarded quality as its foundation, hence its product quality and brand have always been highly recognised. in 2016, the company won the gold award at the international convention on quality control circles (icqcc) for the third consecutive year, and also won, among other awards, the chinese quality award (nominated), the international star for leadership in quality as well as the success summit. meanwhile, the company was also recognized as huaweis best partner and sri lanka telecoms excellent supplier. moreover, the company held the global optical fibre and cable conference in wuhan together with cru, and also hosted important industry events such as the annual academic meeting of china institute of communications
on telecommunication lines, which greatly enhanced the companys brand influence. in addition, the company played a leading role and participated in the organisation of the series of events celebrating the 50th anniversary of the invention of optical fibre, which has greatly promoted the favourable development of optical fibre and cable industry.
looking ahead, driven by the global informatization construction and information consumption trends, the formation of high speed information transmission network centered on data centers and cloud technology is accelerating. a great number of countries including china are currently speeding up to popularise 4g and ftth network, and also starting to the trial construction of 5g network. in view of these, we believe that the internet of everything (ioe) will become a reality in the near future. the constructions of the next generation network (ngn) and internet of things (iot) will continuously provide blooming market demands for optical fibre and cable. we will be driven by leading technologies and devote ourselves into achieving the smart ioe and creating a wonderful future for the ioe world together with our customers! at last, on behalf of the board of directors, i hereby express my sincere gratitude for the outstanding contributions made by the management and each employee of the company, and also for the interest in our company and support all along from the shareholders, customers, suppliers, business partners and the 
24 march 2017 