chairman s statement
to our shareholders, 2014 marked the first year of the company as a publicly listed company. we have accomplished our annual operation targets and fulfilled our commitments to the shareholders. we fully utilised our production capacity at our maximum. our sales volume reported a record high by reaching 100.47 million fkm in total for optical fibre preforms, fibres and cables. our turnover increased by 17.6% and the net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the company for the year increased by 12.4% and reached rmb5,676.8 million and rmb466.3 million, respectively. our earnings per share was rmb0.95.
in 2014, we seized the arising opportunities of the rapid growth in both domestic and global telecommunications markets, including the increasing popularity of 4g network and the implementation of broadband national strategy by various countries and regions. focusing on improving our core competitiveness, we have also initiated a series of strategic formation and measures so as to ensure the continuous improvement in our annual operational results and built up solid foundations for our future development.

first of all, we further improved our product structure and better positioned ourselves in the industry and market: we nearly completed the construction of yofc science & technology park phase 1 in the wuhan east lake high-tech development zone.
in addition to the expansion of our cable production capacity, we improved our production lines to make it more adaptive to different customers needs both domestically and globally by enhancing their flexibilities on the production of different product specification. we also initiated the planning stage of the phase 2 of yofc science & technology park. with the idea of cyclic economy, we will build another production base for optical fibre preform as well as the relevant key chemical and raw materials for use in the production of optical fibre preforms, fibres and cables. we will further strengthen our full industrial chain operation and vigorously improve our competitive advantages in core products, especially optical fibre preforms.
secondly, we accelerated the developments of alternative production processes of optical fibre preforms and additional types of optical fibres with new applications. we have successfully completed the pilot production of the alternative processes of optical fibre preforms and will commence the commercial production soon for optical fibre preforms. as such, we are able to adopt multi-process routes. in addition, we successfully developed g.657.b3 fibre which is mainly used indoor or in intensive cabling, ultra low attenuation g.652 & g.654 fibres which are mainly used in long haul trunk networks, and bend insensitive om4 and om4+ fibres which are mainly used in the construction of data centers.
thirdly, we took a step further on internationalisation. we initialised an optical cable joint venture in myanmar in december 2014 and an optical fibre joint venture in indonesia in early 2015. meanwhile, we set up 8 overseas offices in south east asia, africa and south america. by getting closer to our customers, we improved our export sales volume by 35.9% and our export turnover by 17.2%, accordingly, which established a solid foundation for our future development in overseas market.

fourthly, we established a joint venture with via technologies inc. and its group companies, namely everpro, which commenced its operation in 2014. everpro began to provide cost-efficient aoc chips, integrated circuit, module, optical fibre, optical cable and zero-client system solutions for communication, manufacturing, consumer electronics and other relevant industries. the establishment of everpro represented a solid step for our relevant business diversification and new market expansion. in 2015, we will continue to look for new business opportunities and market expansion so as to create higher value to our shareholders.
looking ahead, along with the increasingly intensified competition in both domestic and global markets, we remain very positive towards the increasing market demands for our products and the continuous growth for this industry.
we will actively promote our development strategies of full industrial chain, multi-production processes, relevant business diversification and global expansion . we will also continue implementing technology innovation, enhancing market penetration, lowering production costs and optimizing corporate governance. we will ensure our legal compliance and give priority to operating efficiency. we also focus on the long term sustainable development. we will strengthen our competitive advantages through prompt responses to markets and enhancement of operational and management efficiency, in order to generate better annual operation results to ensure a healthy and promising development of the company.
finally, on behalf of the board, i would like to express my sincere gratitude to the management team and staff for their outstanding contribution for our company. i would also like to thank all our shareholders, clients, suppliers, business partners and the public 27 march 2015 