on behalf of the board, i am pleased to present our annual results for the year ended 31 december 2016.
as china continues to reconfigure itself towards a services and consumption-driven economy, the country is experiencing a new normal of slower gdp growth when compared with the past decade. the year 2016 in particular was marked by turbulence in the chinese equity market, which has made chinese investors more rational about their expectations for yields and returns, and more aware of the risks associated with investment products in general.
against this macro backdrop, traditional financial institutions reliant on conventional business models have struggled to sustain their growth, while fintech enterprises that have been able to combine innovative business models with technology to enhance and disrupt financial services have flourished.
over the past three years, the group has developed a fintech services ecosystem in china comprising multiple operating platforms and over 32 million users. ccfs platforms are widely recognized by regulatory bodies, such as the peoples bank of china (pboc), and industry associations, such as the national internet finance association (nifa), for their high quality risk management systems and consistent compliance with regulations. the groups online investment platforms were also among the first batch of platforms to appoint commercial banks as custodians for clients funds, which puts ccf firmly in line with the latest regulatory requirements and has laid a solid foundation for the expected restructuring and consolidation of the industry, which is already underway.
with its internet and mobile solutions, the group provides 24 x 7 online financial services to individuals, smes and merchants in china and across asia. in 2016, the group focused on expanding its ecosystem and strategically diversifying its product and service offerings with the aim to deliver sustainable and stable returns for ccfs shareholders. for example, the group successfully expanded into the mobile point-of-sale solutions space through its new platform, shanghai jifu, which provides accessible and affordable tools for small merchants to grow and participate in the wider economy. through the groups weshare finance platform, which provides online, big data-driven automated consumer loan services, ccf has diversified from its traditionally sme-focused business to cover the wider mass market and target the emerging middle class in second-to fourth-tier cities in china, whose financial needs have been underserved by traditional financial institutions.
the group also witnessed remarkable organic business growth, with its ucf pay service recording transaction volumes of rmb193.9 billion, up 89% from 2015. first house loan also had a successful 2016, with its annualized transaction volumes up 119% year-onyear to rmb7.7 billion. as a result of the aforementioned organic growth and strategic investments, the groups reported profit to shareholders amounted to rmb301.1 million, 251.7% higher than the year before. furthermore, earnings per share amounted to rmb1.48 cents, 190.2% higher compared with rmb0.51 cents in 
in 2016, the company took advantage of its status as a listed issuer to raise funds through various channels, raising over hkd2 billion through convertible bonds and loans, the proceeds of which have provided strong support for the groups rapid business growth.
the group has also taken a lead in fintech development in the region. this was recognized when the group became a founding member of the global blockchain business council in january 2017, and is evident from ccfs expansion into southeast asian markets.
the group hopes to replicate its successful experience in china by focusing on southeast asian countries with low banking penetration rates but high mobile internet connectivity, which ccf believes are key factors for assessing market potential for the development of 
looking ahead to 2017, ccf will continue to leverage its strengths and build on its core competencies, with the goal of becoming a leading pan-asian fintech services group. it shall remain heavily focused on retaining and attracting talented employees and valued 
lastly, on behalf of the board, i would like to extend my gratitude to all shareholders for their continuous support, and i would also like to express my sincere thanks to all employees for their dedication and contributions to the group. as a team, the group is committed to achieving sustainable growth while creating more value for shareholders and stakeholders in the long-run.

hong kong, 21 march 2017 