chairman s statement this is the second annual report of megainfo since its listing on gem during january 2004. this year has been a mixed, yet challenging, year for the company a year where macao has offered unlimited business opportunities and a year where we have reached out to the markets in the prc, yet such prospects which over hk$46 million worth of contracts secured as at today, have not yet been translated into solid figures in our income statement. we, therefore, have finished a year with turnover of hk$14.3 million, representing an increase of a mere 36.5% over last year, and net loss of hk$22.6 macao can certainly be described to be at a strategic reflection point the convergence of strong and growing demands boosted by the opening up of the gaming industry and investments made by the macao government, challenging resources allocation and a need for greater diversity to accommodate business needs from the massive influx of investments, and a complex environment and shifting competitive landscape that shaped the mentality and focus of local demands and expectations. while many industries benefited from the robust economic growth of macao in the past year, including us, we have flexibly adjusted our focus to capitalise on these business opportunities.
with the strong commitment of the macao government in the development and promotion of e-government to improve administrative services and processes, we have actively participated in the development of software infrastructure in the territory . our involvement in these projects have allowed us to support the macao government in the planning and development of an overall software platform for macao, marking a vital step taken by megainfo in the building of a preferred position as the solution partner.
we have also capitalised the opportunity to successfully commercialise and embed the various modules of the group s applications into the core software backbone of macao.
to alleviate resource demands as a result of strong economic momentum, we have combined separate teams within the group to create a simple organisation and to capture efficiencies. we have combined the cost effective research and development team in the prc to support the business potential and prospects in macao. this move, not only has translated to resources being put to use in maximisation, but stronger competency and optimisation of resources and technology across the company.
in addition, optimisation of business potential occurred. the experience gained from the participation in the software infrastructure has allowed us to build a governmental resources planning platform that is applicable not only to the macao government, but governmental bureaus in the prc.

last year, we mentioned that we conduct our business based on four simple, but vital, principles, namely selection, quality services, value and investing in people. we will continue to follow these principles, but flexibly adjust our strategies so that the right strategies will be executed effectively at the right time.
the prospects of macao are indisputable. looking forward, with a strong foundation in the territory, our growth opportunities are excellent. we look forward to the opportunities we face in the coming years, moreover, we do look forward to the continuous support of our shareholders and suppliers, and of course, our dedicated employees, for success is having the right people doing the right thing at the right time.
jos manuel dos santos 16th september, 2005 