the prc is one of the worlds largest lottery markets and recorded its highest ever sales volume of approximately rmb395 billion in 2016. this led to good causes payments for the year of approximately rmb104 billion. this record performance was achieved despite the absence of remote (online & mobile) channels due to the continued enforcement of the april 2015 announcement by the mof and seven other ministries of the prc government.
we continued to believe that a major reason for the announcement by the eight ministries was to allow for regulation of sales and distribution of lottery games through online channels in the prc in the future and during the year we continued to position ourselves for this potential opportunity.
following completion of the subscription with alibaba holding and ant financial on 10 august 2016, agtech is the exclusive lottery business platform of alibaba group and ant financial group. we firmly believe that the transaction has enhanced our ability to develop and expand our existing business in both the regulated lottery space and in the non-lottery area. we expect to benefit from significant potential synergies from our cooperation with alibaba group and ant financial group in all areas of our business including in particular our distribution business both in terms of physical and remote channels. a great deal of detailed work has been taking and continues to take place to identify the short, medium and long-term opportunities available to the parties in order to fully capture these potential synergies as well as to agree and implement the detailed commercial arrangements to be entered into among the parties.
during the financial year under review, group revenue was decreased to hk$251.5 million (2015: hk$301.6 million) while gross profit was hk$73.3 million (2015: hk$69.2 million).
our balance sheet is extremely strong with net bank balances and cash of hk$2,336.5 million at the 2016 year end.
our games & systems division continues to develop, build and deploy regulated lottery content, such as our successful virtual sports system and its first two games lucky racing and e-ball as well as new lottery games and systems that are suitable for approval by the lottery authorities in china. in addition, we are working hard to research, develop and launch various types of creative, non-lottery social games that can cater for the evolving tastes of chinas consumers. for both categories of products, regulated lottery and other, non-lottery, we will use a variety of channels including but not limited to those of the alibaba group and ant financial group. the group has been closely monitoring policy developments with respect to the government approval of lottery sales via online and mobile channels for many years. we believe that online and mobile channels for lottery sales in the prc are likely to be approved. we believe that any new games and systems that will be approved for online and mobile sales will require robust and scalable technology in order to deliver effective and efficient monitoring and control systems. we consider that the group is well positioned to participate in these areas, particularly now that the group is part of the alibaba group and ant financial group family.
we believe that the prc lottery market is likely to demand new and more sophisticated hardware solutions over time and that those solutions will increasingly be deployed as bundled products involving the supply of hardware that is integrated with lottery games and underlying supporting systems and which would typically be provided on a revenue sharing basis. thanks to our leading positions in point of sale and handheld terminals as well as our first class international partnerships and long track-record in the prc lottery market, we believe that agtech is very well positioned to take advantage of such new opportunities in hardware.
since the end of the reporting period and as announced on 18 january 2017, the group has made a breakthrough in the area of competition poker when it was awarded an exclusive 5-year priority operation right in china by the chess and poker games administrative centre under the general administration of sport of china (the chess and poker centre) for all competitive play of the chinese card game guan dan through an open tender. furthermore, agtech has recently become one of the strategic partners and organisers of the china competition two-on-one poker championship. this development marks a major milestone for the group and we look forward to updating shareholders on our competitive poker business in the coming months and years.
as a group with a strong sense of corporate and social responsibility, agtech will continue to live by its core corporate values of enriching society through fortune, health, happiness, luck and responsibility. in addition to developing games that provide responsible lottery entertainment to the public, we will respond proactively to the possible social problems arising from obsession with lottery. in this respect, i take the opportunity to remind our shareholders that in line with the groups past practice, all of our lottery businesses in the prc have been conducted in full compliance with all relevant lottery regulations in the prc including obtaining approval from relevant government authorities, 
i would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of my colleagues for their dedication and hard work. my warmest thanks also go to our board members, management team, shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contribution and continuing support of agtech. i look forward to your continued trust and support as we help to deliver a very bright future for agtech.

hong kong, 24 march 2017 