STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
I am pleased to report another year of value
creation by leveraging our existing assets and
investing in new growth opportunities. In 2005,
we further expanded our highly regarded  now
TV service, stabilized and revitalized our core
fixed line business, and the acquisition of
SUNDAY Communications Limited provided the
platform to offer complete and integrated
telecom services to our customers and opened
up new opportunities for growth.
It was pleasing to see the growing evidence that  now TV is
becoming Hong Kong’s favorite delivery platform for pay-TV
and interactive services.  now TV’s success has enhanced
PCCW’s reputation as a world-class innovator in Information
and Communications Technologies (ICT), and strengthened
the PCCW brand. It has become a new revenue stream, and
our unique proposition for acquiring new Netvigator
broadband customers with good margins in the rapidly
growing broadband market.
Our alliance with China Netcom Group has enhanced PCCW’s
prospects in mainland China, while strengthening our
financial fundamentals. We reached agreement with China
Netcom Group during 2005 to work together in broadband,
property redevelopment and directories. Should China
Netcom Group obtain a 3G license, we expect to be presented
with the opportunity to cooperate, and we will then seriously
consider our interest in this area.
While we remain prudent in our approach to the development
of a wireless broadband network business in the United
Kingdom, we began to see significant fundraising activities
and deployment of similar technology and services in the
United States. Following on the successful soft launch in
2004, we expanded coverage to the Western part of London.
We are cautious on further expansion, as we await for a global
consensus on technology standards.
The favorable property market continued to support the
success of our premium property arm, Pacific Century
Premium Developments Limited.
On behalf of the Board, I wish to thank PCCW’s people for
continuing to volunteer in such great numbers in support of
various community and social projects. Their involvement
provides evidence of the compassion and sense of social
responsibility shown by the PCCW team throughout the year.
It is pleasing to report that prospects for 2006 are
encouraging. The Hong Kong economy is growing strongly
against a backdrop of continued strong growth in mainland
China. We are operating in an improved regulatory
environment. Our alliance with China Netcom Group has
increased our potential to expand our various businesses
beyond Hong Kong into mainland China.
We achieved important strategic objectives in 2005. During
2006, I will continue to work closely with the Board in laying
solid foundations for the future growth and prosperity of our
Company.
Richard Li
Chairman
March 29, 2006