STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report that in 2010 all our core
businesses made progress despite intense market
competition and still cautious spending by general
consumers and the commercial sector.
Last year, the Hong Kong economy continued to recover
from the 2008/09 global financial crisis. For the whole of
2010, Hong Kong’s Gross Domestic Product recorded a
notable increase of 6.8% in real terms over the previous
year. Sustained economic growth and job creation
also brought down local unemployment to stabilize at
lower levels.
Market activities were generally revived under these
circumstances, and the Group has been able to take
advantage of the recovery because of its leading
position in the telecommunications sector in Hong Kong
and its reputation as a reliable partner in the global
ICT marketplace.
Total revenues of the Group for the year ended
December 31, 2010 amounted to HK$22,962 million,
with profit attributable to equity holders of the Company
rising 28% year-on-year to HK$1,926 million. Profit
contribution from the core businesses increased 18% to
HK$1,429 million.
We have put priority on improving our capability to
serve customers better. Our initiatives in the past year
aimed at ensuring that customers enjoy a wider range of
quadruple-play content and services through our superfast
fixed and mobile broadband networks, and that they
enjoy an excellent customer experience when dealing
with PCCW.
These efforts have paid off. The operational results of
our business units show that PCCW remains the provider
of choice across various types of services even in the
face of price competition, which was most intense in the
broadband and mobile markets. now TV also continued
to grow its customer base (expanding by 4% from one 
million to 1,039,000 at the end of the year) and improve
its EBITDA contribution, further proving the soundness
of our content strategy and the decision not to pay
excessively for the rights to the Barclays Premier League.
We have sensibly deployed resources in sports property
acquisitions and self-produced programs, including the
ATM quiz on now 101 channel which has showcased
the interactivity features of our broadband platform.
As a developer of premium properties, Pacific Century
Premium Developments has benefited from the market’s
positive mood. It geared up its sales activities for the
remaining houses in Villa Bel-Air in the second half
of 2010, and they received a favorable response from
the market.
In August 2010, the Company’s capital structure and
institutional shareholder base were strengthened. We
raised US$500 million through a bond issue. Later, we
placed 500 million new PCCW shares with institutional
investors and raised about US$166 million. We are
pleased to note that PCCW shares almost doubled
their price on the Hong Kong stock exchange in 2010,
reflecting investors’ confidence in the Company.
The Company owes these encouraging results to the
hard work and ingenuity of its employees. Working with
management and the staff, the Board looks forward
to another strong year in 2011, barring any negative
developments in the global and Hong Kong economies.
Richard Li
Chairman
March 22, 2011