STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Last year, the global economic environment was
impacted by the Euro Zone debt problems, which have
straddled into 2012 and cast uncertainties on the pace
of economic recovery and development. Nevertheless,
backed by the Mainland market, the Hong Kong
economy still grew by 5% in real terms last year, with
improvement in local employment.
Although the world financial markets went through
a very challenging period in 2011, the Group made
the significant achievement of unlocking the value
of its assets for shareholders with the spin-off of the
telecommunications business. The listing of HKT last
November on the Hong Kong stock exchange attracted
many quality investors, including long-term institutions
who recognize the stability and strengths of our telecom
business.
The exercise has enabled HKT to deleverage
substantially and strengthened PCCW Group’s financial
resources as a whole. Visibility of the higher growth
businesses of media and IT solutions within the Group
has also been enhanced for their future development.
Last year, now TV further strengthened its leadership as
a provider of premium news, sports and entertainment
content. It continuously expanded its comprehensive
suite of programming, including more local content
production, and enriched our audience’s viewing
experience with interactivity and multi-screen access.
In the past months, now TV has also joined hands
with leading media companies in mainland China to
launch new entertainment channels. Looking ahead,
the expertise and strong brand position of PCCW’s
media business will enable it to explore more exciting
opportunities locally and outside of Hong Kong.
Another major growth area, the IT solutions business
under PCCW Solutions, continued its notable
contribution to the Group with new project wins in 2011,
including contracts for government departments and
the private sector which provide long-term recurrent
revenues. PCCW Solutions is a pioneering provider
in the fast-growing cloud computing and data center
businesses. Its pool of highly sophisticated professionals
will ensure that it can always stay at the forefront of the
industry.
In 2011, the telecom business, now separately
listed, continued to register strong growth in fiber
and other high-speed broadband services and in
the mobile segment, the latter because of demand
related to smartphones and tablets. As the economic
fundamentals in Hong Kong remained sound, telecom
services for enterprises and the public sector also
recorded encouraging results.
On property development, design work for the Hokkaido
resort project of Pacific Century Premium Developments
proceeded according to schedule. The show house in
Niseko is nearing completion. As Japan is gradually
recovering from the earthquake in March last year, the
company will continue to monitor the situation and make
appropriate adjustments to our strategy for this project
where necessary. Meanwhile, the master plan for the
project in Phang-nga, Thailand, has also reached an
advanced stage.
In view of the uncertain economic outlook in 2012,
PCCW will cautiously evaluate any business or
investment opportunity and make decisions that are
in the overall interest of all our shareholders. With a
stable distribution from the listed telecommunications
business, in which the Group maintains a majority
interest, and positive prospects for now Media and
PCCW Solutions, we are confident of the further
development of the Group in the coming year and going
forward.
Richard Li
Chairman
February 28, 2012