STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The results for 2006 demonstrate that we
are continuing to deliver on our strategy
to create value by leveraging existing
assets and investing in new growth
opportunities. We have begun to turn our
core business round, while integrating
our new mobile service and continuing to
expand our innovative TV & Content
offerings.
We have achieved a solid financial and operating performance
in the face of intense competition and our market-leading
service standards and innovative technologies have clearly
distinguished us from domestic competitors.
We invested in completing our quadruple-play platform in
2006. In 2007, we will unlock the potential in this investment,
as we deliver a growing variety of content and interactive
services to our customers over fixed-line, broadband, mobile
and TV platforms.
Our success in winning the exclusive live broadcast rights to
English Premier League matches for the next three seasons
beginning in August 2007 has further strengthened our
position as Hong Kong’s premier pay-TV operator.
In addition, further enhancements to our fixed-line service will
ensure that we continue to be regarded as Hong Kong’s
premium and preferred telecommunications and broadband
provider.
PCCW mobile has become the sole brand for marketing our
mobile services, following our acquisition of all SUNDAY
Group operating businesses and assets at the end of 2006.
During the year, we launched a 3G service, improved our
network and began offering innovative content on mobile
including  now TV and MOOV. The result is an improved
mobile service that has been fully integrated with our other
telecommunications and media offerings to appeal to a
broader cross-section of our customer base. Our focus going
forward is on increasing the number of subscribers, further
improving our service quality and raising average revenue per
user (ARPU).
Our Pacific Century Premium Developments property arm
continues to perform well, benefiting from an improved local
economy and the quality reputation of our premium brand,
Bel-Air. We have begun planning new developments in Hong
Kong and Beijing and continue to consider other
opportunities.
Our alliance with China Netcom continues to develop. We are
working together in broadband, IT, international connectivity
and property redevelopment and look forward to similar
opportunities in Yellow Pages and mobile. China Netcom has
reiterated an interest in working with us in mobile
communications, should the company obtain a 3G license.
In the UK, our wireless broadband business continues to
develop steadily. Further expansion will be tempered by
caution, as we wait for a global consensus on technology
standards.
We made significant progress during 2006 – but with a
healthy economy, I believe there is room for the management
team to do better. I will continue to work closely with the
Board and our management team to achieve our strategic
objectives.
Richard Li
Chairman
March 28, 2007