STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report a steady performance for
PCCW Limited for the year ended December 31, 2016.
Continuing to lead the local pay-TV market, PCCW
Media has significantly enlarged its Asian footprint
in the past year. In Hong Kong, Now TV’s strategy to
continuously enhance its content and multi-platform
experience enabled it to increase customer loyalty
despite keen market competition.
On OTT video entertainment, following the Hong Kong
debut in 2015, Viu premium service was launched
in Singapore, Malaysia, India, Indonesia, and the
Philippines last year. Our OTT video service is available
in 18 markets globally with over 10 million subscribers.
Free TV service ViuTV officially commenced broadcasting
in April 2016 with the Cantonese channel, which has
been gradually building its viewership base. The English
service, ViuTVsix, will air on March 31, 2017. PCCW
undertakes to give Hong Kong viewers more quality free
TV experience.
Our IT solutions business consistently enjoys the leading
position in the Hong Kong market. Last year, PCCW
Solutions expanded its sales presence and delivery
capability in the region to generate further growth. Its
industry-specific solutions, digital and cloud services,
and partnership offerings such as the D-Infinitum
global data center service launched last year are
also key growth drivers in the increasingly digital and
connected world, culminating in a notable year-on-year
increase in secured orders at the end of 2016. We will
continue to focus on enabling enterprises in their digital
transformation journey and will seek to further expand
our footprint in China and Southeast Asia.
HKT’s broadband and mobile communications
businesses continued to perform steadily despite
the slowdown in economic conditions in Hong Kong
and intensified market competition. We have further
expanded our fiber network, and completed the
integration of the core mobile network in the third
quarter, releasing synergies according to plan.
Tap & Go received Hong Kong’s first mobile payment
facility license last August, while HKT rolled out a citywide
electric vehicle (EV) charging service in the same
month.
The overseas property projects of Pacific Century
Premium Developments (PCPD) progressed as
scheduled. In particular, Pacific Century Place Jakarta,
the 40-storey Premium Grade A office building in
Indonesia, was topped out in July. Leasing activities
are in full swing, with several renowned multinational
corporations having committed to occupying office
space in this new landmark. PCPD will continue to
identify new opportunities around the world.
Last year, many were taken by surprise by the Brexit
decision and the changing political environment
in the United States. These results could have far
reaching implications on a global scale politically and
economically, and have created additional uncertainties
to the economic recovery and growth globally.
Meanwhile, there was some stabilization of the local
economy in the second half but it remains to be seen
whether the growth pace can accelerate further.
In 2017, we will continue to build on the market
leadership of the Group’s core businesses of pay-TV,
IT solutions and telecommunications in Hong Kong.
New innovative services such as mobile payment and
EV charging are gaining traction. Although our OTT
business and free TV service are currently in their
investment phase, we are confident that Viu, which has
established itself as a leading Asian premium content
platform, and ViuTV will add value for shareholders in
the medium to longer term.
We remain cautiously optimistic as we enter 2017. We
shall continually monitor the market dynamics and fine
tune our product and service offerings to drive growth.Richard Li
Chairman
January 16, 2017