PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2008 amounted to HK$15,518 million (2007 HK$27,678 million). Earnings per share were HK$6.70 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.95 per share in respect of 2008, to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 21st May, 2009.
This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share gives a total of HK$2.45 per share for the year (2007 HK$2.45 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 26th May, 2009 following approval at the Annual General Meeting.

All of the Group s core operations progressed steadily in 2008 as we continue to achieve growth while minimising risks by adhering to our traditional philosophy of advancing while maintaining stability, and maintaining stability while advancing . For the year ended 31st December, 2008, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$6,693 million. We recorded increases in contribution from all of our operating activities, namely property sales, property rental, hotels and serviced suites, and property and project management. Returns from investment and finance reduced significantly compared to last year mainly as a result of the repercussions of the global financial crisis. The increase in the fair value of investment properties was substantially less than that of last year given current economic conditions.

With a sound balance sheet and low gearing, the Group has ample capacity to continue to build upon its position of strength in existing operations.

The Group continued to enhance the value of its property portfolio in Hong Kong, the Mainland and in overseas markets. During the year under review, solid progress was made in all aspects of operation, covering land acquisition, project planning, design, development and marketing.

The global financial crisis, which gathered pace during the third quarter of 2008, has severely affected the world s economies. As an externally oriented economy, Hong Kong was no exception and a contraction in economic activities was recorded.

Property transactions and prices decreased as market sentiment was affected by the adverse impact of the global financial crisis. In the long run, however, the local property market will be on track for steady development as it is supported by long-term demand for residential properties and the government s effective land and housing policies, and will benefit from the solid and sustainable economic development in the Mainland. The Group will continue to seize suitable opportunities to acquire prime sites with good development potential at reasonable costs. Prospects for local property prices in the next two or three years are promising.
Revenue from property sales continues to be a key profit contributor and prime source of cash flow for the Group. The Group is well positioned to strengthen its property business with its optimal and balanced portfolio mix of diversified, high quality properties. Various development plans are progressing on schedule under a disciplined approach to investment, and in keeping with the long-standing policy of strengthening the Group s presence in Hong Kong, the Mainland, and in overseas markets. The Group s landbank in Hong Kong and the Mainland, comprising quality sites in prime locations with good accessibility, will underpin development plans over the next five to 
With regard to rental properties, the impact of the global financial crisis was reflected in the slowing leasing market in Hong Kong, but demand for premium properties remains solid. The Group will continue to enhance its existing portfolio and optimise its rental mix to ensure a steady stream of quality recurrent earnings.

Listed Affiliated Companies The Group continued to capitalise on the synergies created through strategic investments in listed affiliated companies. In 2008, all of the core businesses of those companies reported solid 
The Hutchison Whampoa Group The Hutchison Whampoa Group delivered a solid performance in 2008, with the operations of ports and related services, property and hotels, retail, energy and infrastructure, and Hutchison Telecommunications International achieving growth. The 3 Group reported improved results and reduced losses during the year. A decline in returns from finance and investment operations was recorded due to the higher profits on disposal of listed equity investments recognised in 2007. Profitability of the energy operations is expected to reduce significantly if oil prices stay at the current level. With a strong financial foundation and the solid progress made in 2008, the long-term prospects of the Hutchison Whampoa Group remain positive.

CKI Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) delivered a steady performance in 2008, with an increase in profit contribution from operations over the previous year. The financial results were negatively impacted by mark-to-market adjustments arising from fluctuations in currency and financial markets. Upon the completion of the divestment of three power plants in the Mainland, CKI will realise the value of some of the mature projects in its portfolio, and its cash-rich position should further enhance its capacity to take advantage of acquisition opportunities in this challenging 
HK Electric Both the Hong Kong and international operations of Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited ( HK Electric ) delivered satisfactory operational performances in 2008. A new Scheme of Control Agreement was signed in 2008 and became effective on 1st January, 2009. This long-term regulatory framework will ensure a certain, steady stream of revenue for the shareholders of HK Electric over the next ten years, but HK Electric s profitability will be affected as the permitted rate of return on average net fixed assets is now reduced to 9.99%. HK Electric will continue to look for international investment opportunities so as to increase the proportion of its earnings derived from its activities outside Hong Kong.

CK Life Sciences The 2008 performance of CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) has been significantly affected by external economic factors associated with the global financial crisis.
Despite a satisfactory operational performance, profitability has been adversely impacted by treasury investments and by adverse fair value changes in financial instruments. CK Life Sciences will continue to strengthen its operating profit base and sustain its pace of expansion, which will, in turn, reduce its exposure to treasury activities.

Global financial systems experienced unprecedented turbulence in the second half of 2008, and the magnitude of the repercussions has far exceeded general expectations. Looking ahead to 2009, global economies will continue to face a difficult year, and be overshadowed by the negative effects of the financial and credit crisis.

The Mainland, however, is well placed to recover at a faster pace than other countries. Its long-term economic prospects continue to be in good shape given its strong fundamentals, and the Central Government s determination to maintain a GDP growth of about 8%, evidenced by huge capital spending programmes to revitalise the economy and various measures to be introduced shortly to boost the domestic demand.
Hong Kong will benefit from the positive China factor due to its close economic integration with the Mainland. While Hong Kong s economy is facing various challenges, the negative impact felt by the retail and hotel sectors was not as severe given the cushioning effect provided by the individual visit scheme introduced by the Mainland authorities. With the support of the Central Government s initiatives, the impact of external factors affecting Hong Kong will be mitigated to some extent, and Hong Kong is expected to sustain a degree of market stability. The local property market is poised to benefit from a new inflation cycle as soon as the current global economic stress eases.

The Group will address the various challenges in 2009 with prudence and diligence, and position itself to seize opportunities that emerge in these challenging times to develop and strengthen its businesses. Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Cheung Kong Group is expected to deliver satisfactory results. It has strong confidence in its long-term prospects.

Intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees are the Group s most valuable assets in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
