Group Chairman s Statement The global macroeconomic transition from West to East gathered pace during 2009. At HSBC, we have long been convinced that the world s economic centre of gravity is shifting, and the financial crisis has only accelerated this trend.

2009: a year of transition In a number of important respects, 2009 was a year of transition.
It began with further turbulence in global financial markets but, during the year, the markets pulled back from uncertainty and progressively stabilised as a consequence of the continued, extraordinary and timely actions by governments and central banks.
2009 also saw the deepest contraction in the real economy in any year since the Second World War. However, it was apparent by year-end that the worst was over even if confidence remained fragile and recovery would be uneven.
The global macroeconomic transition from West to East gathered pace during 2009.
At HSBC, we have long been convinced that the world s economic centre of gravity is shifting, and the financial crisis has only accelerated this trend.
Nevertheless, huge challenges and risks remain for all of us.
While emerging markets are leading global recovery and seem certain to drive the majority of the world s growth in the generation ahead, recovery in developed markets has been slow to start, and unemployment remains high.
Furthermore, the global rebalancing of demand has barely begun. The financial crisis brought into stark relief the extent of the imbalances, especially between over-consuming Western economies and high-saving emerging markets. Rebalancing requires structural change and international co-operation, and it will take time.
There are also important lessons to learn as we seek to reform the financial system. Few of these lessons are quick or simple, but the need for urgent change is clearer than ever.
Supporting customers and delivering results throughout 
Throughout the crisis, HSBC has remained profitable, financially strong and independently owned by our shareholders.
It is testimony to the quality and strength of HSBC s management team that, in 2009, our underlying performance was significantly ahead of 2008. On an underlying basis, and excluding the impact of the goodwill impairment recorded in 2008, pre-tax profit was US$13.3 billion, 56 per cent higher.
On a reported basis, profit before tax was US$7.1 billion, down 24 per cent, in part due to the reversal of fair value accounting gains on our own debt.
That HSBC has reported a pre-tax profit in all three years since the onset of the crisis should be a source of great confidence to our shareholders, our depositors and all of our customers. Our track record of delivering results through adversity, and at all stages of the economic cycle, remains intact.
We continued to enhance our financial strength during 2009. We strengthened our capital base by US$10.2 billion through underlying profit generation. This comfortably covers our dividends declared, which total US$5.9 billion in respect of 2009. The Directors have announced a fourth interim dividend of 10 cents per ordinary share, payable on 5 May 2010, and we remain one of the leading payers of dividends in financial services, declaring dividends in respect of the last three years of over US$24 billion 
The successful completion of our rights issue in April added US$17.8 billion to shareholders equity and helped to set the tenor for market recovery. Its success demonstrated the strong confidence which you, our shareholders, have in our future and we are profoundly thankful for your support.
We indicated at the time of the rights issue our expectation that, if successful, it would increase our tier 1 ratio by around 150 basis points. I am pleased to report that our tier 1 ratio increased by some 250 basis points to 10.8 per cent at 31 December 2009, largely as a result of the rights issue and internal capital generation. The core tier 1 ratio was 9.4 per cent at the same date, increasing by some 240 basis points.
Throughout the crisis, our strategy has remained clear: to build on our position as the leading international and emerging markets bank. We have also never forgotten that it is our responsibility to make a real contribution to economic and social development, and that our ability to do so is fundamental to our success in delivering sustainable value to our shareholders.
Meeting our commitments to the communities we serve around the world is not some optional extra or by-product of our business it is part of our raison d tre.
In Argentina, which was in the midst of the peso crisis 10 years ago, we did not abandon our customers and have remained committed to the market ever since. In 2009, our operations there reported their best-ever underlying performance and resumed paying cash dividends to the Group in January 2010. In mainland China, we are proud of our position as the leading international bank, and we continued to build our strong rural presence during the year. In Indonesia, we nearly doubled our network to support the growing financial needs of personal and business banking customers, and we launched our SME fund in the United Arab Emirates in January 2010. These are just a few examples which illustrate our commitment to helping people prepare for the future, building prosperity and security for their families 
governance and unrivalled 
In 2009 we announced that, as Group Chief Executive, Michael Geoghegan would take responsibility for developing strategy as part of his overall responsibilities for the performance of the Group s business. We relocated the principal office of the Group Chief Executive to Hong Kong and, on 1 February 2010, he succeeded Vincent Cheng as Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited.
This underscores our commitment to our emerging markets businesses and reflects the historic shift now taking place in the 
HSBC s corporate headquarters remain in the UK, where we continue to benefit from being at the heart of one of the world s pre- eminent financial centres. From this base, as Chairman, I spend an increasing amount of my time engaging with policymakers and regulators throughout the world on behalf of the Group, on the growing number of policy issues which are crucial for the banking industry in general and for HSBC 
At HSBC, we have an extremely strong, diverse and engaged Board and the international experience and expertise of our management team is something which sets us apart. We are committed to delivering effective supervision and to compliance with the principles set out in the Walker Review in the UK. During 2009, we also took further steps to strengthen our top management team. Sandy Flockhart was appointed Chairman, Personal and Commercial Banking, with responsibility for Personal Financial Services, Commercial Banking and Insurance, HSBC s Latin American and African businesses, and most Group functions. Stuart Gulliver was appointed Chairman, Europe, Middle East and Global Businesses and assumed responsibility for Private Banking, adding to his responsibilities for Global Banking and Markets. Douglas Flint assumed additional responsibilities for Regulation and Compliance in an expanded role as Chief Financial Officer, Executive Director, Risk and Regulation.
Peter Wong was appointed Chief Executive of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, succeeding 
I would like to thank Vincent Cheng for his tremendous contribution over the past five years as Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, and look forward to continuing to work with him as a main Board member and Chairman of HSBC Bank (China) Company Limited.
I would also like to say thank you on behalf of the Board to three of our Directors, Jos Luis Durn, William Fung and Sir Mark Moody-Stuart, who will retire by rotation at the 2010 Annual General Meeting and will not seek re-election. It has been a privilege to work with each of them and all of us on the Board are extremely grateful for their counsel and support.
Learning the lessons from 
In 2009, the G20 set out its clear belief that sustainable globalisation and rising prosperity will require an open world economy based on market principles, effective regulation, and strong global institutions. At HSBC, we agree that these principles are critical for the common good. It is vital that the industry should engage constructively in the debate about how this should work in practice and HSBC is participating fully in these discussions. In our view, the overall objective must be to deliver three effective market 
Competitive product provision is fundamental to economic and social development. In the recent past, attempts to drive ever greater profits from the same source resulted in distorted products, lack of transparency and over-complexity. The industry needs to learn the lessons from this and deliver a market which provides financial services that are competitive, transparent and responsive to genuine customer needs.
The market for capital has also suffered from clear distortions in recent years. There has been too great an emphasis on short-term gains, often accompanied by shareholder pressure to increase leverage in order to boost returns, and a dangerous underpricing of risk. This resulted in unsustainable returns, which in some cases proved to be illusory.
Banks must be appropriately capitalised, sufficiently liquid and not overstretched, and getting this right will be crucial in delivering the sustainable financial system we need for the future.
Partly because of these problems in other areas of the marketplace, the third area requiring urgent reform is the market for talent. There is understandable public anger in some countries as a result of the practices at certain banks and, in particular, because of the egregious reward of management failure. We have witnessed unacceptable distortions from rewards linked to unsustainable or illusory day-one revenues which encouraged excessive risk-taking; to multi-year guaranteed bonuses with no performance criteria. Over the last three years I have spoken publicly about my concerns regarding remuneration and I will set out our principles at HSBC.

First, for any bank to be sustainable it must strike the right balance in serving the long-term interests of its stakeholders.
It must deliver sustainable returns to shareholders on their investment; it must maintain the capital strength needed to support the customers and economies it serves; and it must reward its employees appropriately. My own experience is that colleagues want to know that their job makes a difference and contributes to social and economic development; reward is simply not the only motivating factor. Nonetheless it is important, and companies have a clear responsibility to treat their employees appropriately.
It therefore follows that remuneration must be firmly tied to sustainable performance and must not reward failure. It should be properly aligned with risk which remains on the balance sheet, and subject to deferral and to clawback in case performance later proves to be unsatisfactory.
Second, in order to maintain long-term competitive advantage, remuneration must be market-based. Underpaying ultimately results in a company losing some of its best people. HSBC is domiciled in the UK but we have around 300,000 employees in 88 countries and territories. We have to think internationally, and remuneration policy is no exception. Similarly, if pre-eminent financial centres like London are to remain home to firms like HSBC, those of us who care for its future must reflect the reality of the global marketplace in our thinking and approach.
Third, an independent Remuneration Committee should conduct rigorous international benchmarking on compensation and consult appropriately on its conclusions.
These are the principles we have followed in determining HSBC s rewards this year.
Our executive Directors have a combined 178 years of service a track record almost without parallel in the industry. I believe there is no better management team in banking and it is no coincidence that HSBC has remained profitable throughout the financial crisis and paid dividends when few other banks did. Indeed, for 2009, our total dividends to shareholders once again comfortably exceed total bonus awards.
We have not needed taxpayers money; on the contrary, HSBC has contributed nearly 5 billion in tax to the UK economy over the past five years.
At HSBC, we firmly believe that bonuses are a legitimate and proper element of reward providing, of course, awards fully satisfy the principles set out above. The G20 has set out clear guidance which HSBC wholly supports, and we comply with the Financial Services Authority s remuneration code of practice.
Indeed, our decision to defer 100 per cent of executive Director bonuses in respect of 2009 over three years exceeds these guidelines.
Proper pay for proper performance includes ensuring market-based pay for employees over time. The Board expects fixed pay in banking to increase as a proportion of total compensation, especially for important risk and supervisory functions. This is a process we intend to see through at HSBC, and our management team is no exception.
The Board fully appreciates that, in these extraordinary times, remuneration is enormously sensitive and particularly so when the absolute numbers involved are large by any standards, even if they are not in comparison with some other companies of HSBC s standing. Our practice is clear and transparent and this year s executive awards are set out in the Summary Directors Remuneration Report . We absolutely believe that the decisions we have taken on this year s remuneration awards are right for all of our stakeholders.
Building a sustainable financial system for 
As policymakers and industry participants take the necessary steps to improve the way our markets work, there are also some important over-arching challenges which we 
It is imperative to strike the right balance between strengthening the financial system and supporting economic growth.
De-risking the banking system, if taken too far, will throttle recovery and drive risk into other, unregulated parts of the capital markets. It is in the collective public interest to get this balance right. We must not rush to implement hastily conceived responses and policy must be co-ordinated internationally if we are to manage risk better in a truly global industry.
Policymakers also need to evolve new macroeconomic tools which will assist them to manage the supply of credit, as well as the cost of credit, in the economy.
I believe a key element of this involves managing bank capital on a countercyclical basis which strikes the right balance between financial system stability and the prospects for economic growth. We cannot deliver a sustainable financial system without improving the wider framework for macroeconomic management too.
Finally, in the context of a wide-ranging discussion on the appropriate size and shape of banks, we must recognise that corporate structure and liquidity management are at least as important as size per se. This debate has sometimes been given the unhelpful shorthand too big to fail , but the reality is more complex than the headlines suggest.
We believe that the financial system needs banks which are big enough to cope by having a diversified business portfolio, helping to reduce risk and to generate consistent returns. There has likewise not been enough consideration given to the need for banks to be broad enough to serve those global customers who have increasingly diverse financial needs. In short, it is undesirable and impractical to prescribe some ideal model for a bank. The crisis clearly demonstrated that systemic importance is not a function of size or 
HSBC has always believed in having a transparent structure based on separately capitalised subsidiaries, takes a conservative approach to liquidity management, and has built a business with the scale to provide broad, diversified services to its global customers. While the detail and timing of regulatory change remain uncertain, we are confident that our focus on these fundamentals positions us strongly and competitively to respond to the 
