Chairman’s Statement
We have been a pioneer in
embracing new technologies
and changes not despite,
but thanks to our 115 years
of experience in all stages of
the electricity supply chain.
We are taking steps to
address the challenges and
opportunities they represent.
I am pleased to say that 2016 was a year of steady progress
across our portfolio. During the year, Group operating
earnings increased 7.1% to HK$12,334 million from a year
earlier. Total earnings were down 18.8% to HK$12,711 million
after taking into account one-off items that affected
comparability including a significant contribution from the
sale of the Iona Gas Plant in Australia in 2015. The Board has
recommended a fourth interim dividend for 2016 of HK$1.09
per share which, together with the three dividends already
paid, brings 2016’s total dividends to HK$2.80 per share, an
increase from HK$2.70 in the previous year.
Among the significant global events in 2016 was the
adoption and ratification of the Paris agreement on climate
change in record time. This landmark event confirmed an
unprecedented international commitment to addressing
the issue of climate change and accelerating the pace of
decarbonisation globally. It also emphasised the importance
of all the actions we have taken at CLP to reduce our
emissions over the years, even when the resolve of the
international community wavered.
In this Statement, I would like to focus my discussion on one
particular milestone that demonstrates our commitment
to transitioning to a low carbon future – the signing of a
conditional agreement with CGN Power to acquire a 17%
holding in Yangjiang Nuclear Power Co., Ltd. We have much
else to report, but this project stands out.
The Yangjiang project has a special resonance for CLP. In
the late 1970s, under the leadership of my late father, Lord
Kadoorie, the Company took a bold move to step into the
nuclear age with the construction of the Daya Bay Nuclear
Power Station – the first commercial nuclear power station
in China. The success of Daya Bay underscores the important
role that nuclear power has to play in the supply of clean
energy, more so now than ever given our planet’s urgent need
to tackle the effects of global warming and air quality. Now, all
these years later, I am particularly pleased with the Yangjiang
acquisition. Not only does it acknowledge the legacy of my
father and his vision, it also enables us to build on the very
successful partnership with CGN established since Daya Bay.
Furthermore, the investment puts us in a strong position
to benefit from the growing prosperity of the Pearl River
Delta, the largest urban area in the world in terms of size
and population.
The transaction represents a further step towards achieving
the goals we have set out in our “Climate Vision 2050” – a
commitment that I have underlined a number of times in the
past to reduce our carbon intensity in 2050 by 75% compared
with 2007. The levels of investment involved in Yangjiang of
about HK$8 billion, and the long operational timeframe of
the project, also underscore the point I have made so often
about the energy business. An industry as complex as ours
and with such long-term commitments needs certainty and
predictability so that we can look forward and plan with
confidence for the future.
Shareholders will be aware that we are currently in
discussions with the Hong Kong Government in reviewing
the Scheme of Control (SoC) which regulates the city’s power
industry. We have made it clear in many ways and on many
occasions that the SoC has worked extremely well for over
half a century and has been an effective tool to keep pace with
changing times and to meet community aspirations. The SoC
has provided regulatory and economic certainty, enabling us
to meet the needs of our customers with reliable power at
reasonable tariff levels that few, if any, cities in the world
can match.
While we await the final outcome of the discussion with the
Government, we remain committed to serving Hong Kong’s
long-term interests. During the year, we received approval
from the Government to construct an additional gas-fired
generation unit at Black Point Power Station in support of its
target of increasing the percentage of local gas generation by
2020. A significant feature of the unit is its advanced design
that lifts its efficiency by about a fifth allowing us to further
reduce local air emissions while meeting the community needs
for electricity. We will continue to work with the Government
to achieve Hong Kong’s long-term emissions reduction goals.
This is what our community expects and deserves and we
shall play our part in helping to bring this about.
Another important part of our transition to a lower carbon
future is renewable energy. As part of our “Focus ∙ Delivery
∙ Growth” strategy, we have commissioned over 650MW of
renewable projects in Mainland China and India since January
2014 and our first solar farm in India is on schedule for
commissioning later this year. EnergyAustralia has recently
made a pledge to underpin the development of new wind and
solar projects of up to 500MW by committing to purchase the
clean energy provided by the plants. Renewable energy now
accounts for 16.6% of our generation portfolio across the Group.
Meanwhile, the accelerated pace of technological change is
disrupting various businesses and the power industry is no
exception. Smart grids, smart cities and the shared economy
are triggering new business models. Competition in the
energy industry is more intense than ever, not only from
traditional players but also increasingly from a variety of
new entrants.
These developments are very much at the forefront of
our minds. We have been a pioneer in embracing new
technologies and changes not despite, but thanks to our 115
years of experience in all stages of the electricity supply
chain. We are taking steps to address the challenges and
opportunities they represent. The new Smart Charge joint
venture with HKT to bring a one-stop charging solution to
Hong Kong’s large fleet of electric vehicles shows that we
stand ready to take on new ideas and seize opportunities
in the digital space and in the age that emphasises
customer centricity.
I would like to conclude on an unusual but happy note. As
chairman of this great public company, I am accustomed to
receiving all kinds of correspondence, some offering criticism,
some comments, others advice and compliments. But I have
rarely felt such pleasure from a beautifully written and well
thought out letter I received recently from a 16-year-old boy
in Gujarat, India. In it, Jigar S. Mahedu put forward his views
on the advantages and limitations in the wind farm business
having given considerable thought to the current technology
and how it might be best used. I told Jigar that his ideas
and suggestions were much appreciated. I also assured him
that much of what he had to say has in one way or another
been a focus of attention of CLP, where we value innovation,
creativity and vision as we look forward to a future that not
too long ago few people ever imagined.
The Honourable Sir Michael Kadoorie
Hong Kong, 27 February 2017