HSBC Group member CCF was the first French bank to use pioneering mobile phone technology to offer its most valuable personal customers secure, password-protected access to their accounts via the internet. Called CCF Mobile i-mode, the service includes viewing account details and carrying out routine transactions even when the customer is on the move and where there may be no internet access. This HSBC Premier customer an executive with a French multinational makes good use of his time on the platform at the Gare du Nord, Paris, while waiting to board a Eurostar train for a business meeting in London. He is using the i-mode network to check the balance on his credit card account, the shares he has ordered and that the payment for his hotel booking at a French ski resort has been transferred.
Group Chairman s Statement 2004 was another good year for HSBC. The solid performance of the first six months continued and we were able to build on the record results of 2003.
During the last two years, we have also completed the integration of a major consumer finance business in the United States and a large commercial bank in Mexico, two of the most important and successful acquisitions in our recent history. In addition, we have strengthened the foundations for our future development in mainland China.
We grew profit attributable to shareholders by 35 per cent to US$11.8 billion. Excluding the amortisation of goodwill, which is the basis we use internally to measure our performance, profit attributable was US$13.7 billion. This represents US$1.25 per share, an increase of 26 per cent over 2003. Our earnings growth was well diversified across all our main geographical regions and our customer groups, all of which achieved record results. Overall, our performance was driven by broadly based revenue growth of 23 per cent and by improved credit conditions. These favourable conditions necessitated a lower level of new provisions for bad and doubtful debts in both the personal and corporate sectors and provided opportunities to recover provisions made 
In the light of this performance, and the Group s continuing capital strength, the Board has declared a fourth interim dividend of US$0.27 per share, bringing the total dividend for the year to US$0.66 per share, an increase of 10 per cent over 2003. The dividend is payable on 4 May 2005, with a scrip dividend alternative available for shareholders who prefer this option.

2004 was the first year of our new strategic plan, Managing for Growth , which I described in last year s Annual Review. Stephen Green provides a detailed report on the progress we have made in implementing Managing for Growth on pages 11 to 22.
Underpinning our strategy is our assessment of the major trends which are likely to affect the demand for financial services over the next quarter of a century. We believe that the regions of highest economic growth will be an American-led NAFTA on the one hand, and the emerging markets of Asia and South America on the other.
Demographic trends will be a major influence.
Forecasts suggest that, in most of the developed world, populations will remain stable and ageing. As a result, there will be a growing demand for pensions (which cannot be funded wholly by governments), for retirement-related services, and for insurance and wealth conservation products. By contrast, the emerging markets will continue to experience the growth of their young populations.
Those countries whose populations are sufficiently large to generate internal demand, and which combine good government and rising standards of education, will attract work from higher cost countries elsewhere in the world, thus accelerating the creation of major new consumer markets and a demand for all kinds of financial services, including consumer finance. Many of these economies are deregulating, albeit at a pace with which, quite rightly, they feel comfortable. This will enable international banks to increase their participation and their contribution to economic 
China, India and Brazil are all cases in point and, for HSBC, none is more important than China, where we have had a continuous presence since we were founded in 1865. Hence the significance of our investment in 2004, at a cost of approximately US$1.7 billion of a 19.9 per cent stake in Bank of Communications, China s fifth largest bank with over 2,700 branches. Combined with the steady expansion of our own branch network on the mainland and other strategic stakes in Bank of Shanghai and in Ping An Insurance, HSBC is laying the foundations of its future in China and investing in a country which, within a few decades, may well be the largest economy in the world.
HSBC has made a number of significant acquisitions in recent years and has access to the necessary resources to respond to any opportunities which may arise. It is important to note, however, that our strategy does not depend on acquisitions.
When we consider the possibility of purchasing a business we do so according to a set of strict criteria.
These include comparing the expected returns from an acquisition with those we might generate by using the same funds to build our business organically. We only proceed with acquisitions that we believe will deliver a superior return to our shareholders. When we feel the terms being offered to us are too stretching, we are quite prepared to stand aside.

Recognition of the HSBC brand continues to grow.
During the course of 2004, Household International, Inc. adopted the HSBC name for much of its business. In France, CCF plans to follow suit with much of its operations later this year. According to Interbrand, a leading brand consultancy, the HSBC brand now ranks as the 33rd Best Global Brand by value and first amongst British-based companies. We were delighted to receive a number of awards during the year, including being named Global Bank of the Year by The Banker magazine for the third year in a row, and the world s Best Bank of the year by Euromoney magazine. It is particularly gratifying to note that some of the citations highlight HSBC s overall conduct and commitment to good governance. It is our objective to make the HSBC brand synonymous with the highest standards of behaviour, fair value for customers, and corporate responsibility everywhere we operate.

It is a mark of confidence in our brand that we have been able to attract a significant number of new clients and to provide a wider range of services to many existing relationships. Customers lie at the heart of any business and, in financial services in particular, customer relationships are, above all, based on trust. Our customers range from young people learning to manage their money for the first time to the world s largest corporations with highly sophisticated financial needs. It is a fundamental principle of HSBC to treat all customers with the highest standards of integrity and to offer our products and services at a fair and transparent price.
Many personal customers find financial services perplexing and there is ample scope in our industry as a whole to improve levels of transparency and simplicity. That is why, for example, HSBC in the UK has embarked upon a programme to rationalise its own personal finance range, offering customers clear and simple choices. It is also why HSBC in the United States has devoted significant resources to promoting financial literacy, an initiative we plan to extend to other parts of the world.
At the same time, technology is revolutionising our relationships with our customers, giving them greater information about, and more direct control over, their finances than ever before. We have chosen technology as the illustrative theme of this year s Annual Review and you can read more about what it means for our shareholders and customers in the article on pages 23-27.

A company is much more than a legal entity and HSBC is an organisation made up of 253,000 individuals, working in 77 countries and territories, serving the interests of our shareholders by serving our customers worldwide. Our success is a tribute to their talents, dedication and sheer hard work and I thank my colleagues, at all levels of HSBC, for their immense contribution to our performance. It seems that no year passes without presenting a special challenge to colleagues somewhere in the world. 2004 was the turn of the Cayman Islands, where Hurricane Ivan destroyed or damaged 95 per cent of the buildings. Many of our staff lost their homes and virtually all their possessions. Despite this, they showed an overwhelming commitment to HSBC and, with splendid support from colleagues overseas, ensured that our customers business continued with as little interruption as possible. One young member of staff walked 15 miles through sand dunes to report for work and apologised for his late arrival.
With colleagues such as this, our shareholders funds and our customers business are in safe hands.
One aspect of our internationalism and a great strength of HSBC is the diversity of our workforce.
We have a very broad ethnic mix. Around a quarter of my colleagues are Asian, two out of ten Latin American and four out of ten Caucasian. However, we recognise that we still have work to do to improve the ethnic and gender mix of our senior management team and to ensuring that it fully reflects the diversity of our customer base. These issues are being addressed at Board level and reflect the importance we attach to making HSBC a place of opportunity for all our employees.

There have been a number of changes to the Board since the last Annual Review was published. We have announced that David Eldon, Chairman of The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited since 1999, will retire at this year s AGM. In a career spanning 37 years, David has made an outstanding contribution to the HSBC Group. He has led the bank in Asia with great distinction and helped to secure strong foundations for our future in the region, including our growth in mainland China.
We have also announced that William Aldinger, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of HSBC North America Holdings Inc., the holding company for our US and Canadian businesses, is retiring from HSBC on 29 April 2005. Bill Aldinger joined us in 2003 when we acquired Household International (now HSBC Finance Corporation) where he had served as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer since 1994. He agreed to stay on for three years to oversee the company s integration into the enlarged HSBC Group. It is a mark of Bill s energy and leadership that his task has been completed successfully and faster than expected and that he has established a talented management team to take our North American business to the next stage of its 
We have appointed two new independent non- executive Directors. James Hughes-Hallett, Chairman of John Swire & Sons Limited, and John Coombe, an Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer of GlaxoSmithKline plc, have been appointed Directors of HSBC Holdings plc with effect from 1 March 2005.
HSBC s Board is a source of great strength and reflects its international outlook. Your Board is made up of seven executive Directors and 15 non-executive Directors who collectively have worked in many countries and have experience of many different industries. They play a vital role in ensuring that HSBC is managed to the highest possible standards as well as providing strategic advice on a broad range 
Last year, we commissioned external consultants to undertake an independent performance evaluation of the Board and its Committees. The rigour of that process gave a robust quality assurance of the Board and of our corporate governance practices and procedures. This year, the Board asked me to undertake a review based on the same criteria used by the external consultants. This evaluation again covered Board structure, dynamics, capabilities and processes, corporate governance, strategic clarity and alignment and the performance of individual directors in a series of one-to-one interviews. The findings, which were positive and constructively self- critical, have been discussed in a meeting with non- executive Directors. Points for improvement are 
Your Board aspires to the highest standards of corporate governance. We are committed to complying with the Combined Code on corporate governance in the UK, except where we firmly believe that to do so would threaten the success of our business, and with the provisions of Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong. This year, we will also meet the additional requirements of the Sarbanes Oxley Act in the United States. We hope that, in the fullness of time, there will be a consolidation of the various codes in force.
Corporate Social Responsibility HSBC has a long tradition of social responsibility.
Indeed, good conduct is a deeply embedded part of our character. Nevertheless, as thinking on a wide range of social, ethical and environmental issues continues to evolve, we are grateful to the distinguished members of our Corporate Social Responsibility Committee for helping us shape and enact policies and programmes and for encouraging us to communicate these more effectively than in the past. Pages 28-31 of this Annual Review describe the progress we have made during 2004 and, in April, we shall publish a full CSR Report.
Sumatra Earthquake and Tsunami We were all appalled by the disaster in South-East Asia which occurred on 26 December 2004.
Although HSBC was extremely fortunate in not suffering any casualties amongst our staff, a number of my colleagues lost family members or friends. As part of the international community, we responded both locally and at Group level to the appeals for funds for relief and reconstruction. We continue to support these efforts in the affected countries. In addition to the catastrophic loss of human life, many communities in the region face an extremely challenging economic outlook, with traditional livelihoods and tourism badly disrupted. HSBC is determined to play its full part in helping a region with which we have such a long and close 
