Chairman s Statement In a challenging year, CLP continued to meet its obligations to our 
The Hon. Sir Michael Kadoorie I am pleased to report that, in a challenging economic climate, the responsible stewardship of CLP s business and assets resulted in a satisfactory fi nancial performance for 2008. The Group s operating earnings in 2008 were up by 4.6% to HK$9.7 billion.
Total earnings for the year were HK$10.4 billion, representing only a 1.7% decline against the previous year, despite the signifi cant reduction in the permitted return to shareholders from our Hong Kong electricity business, following the coming into effect of a new SoC Agreement with the Hong Kong SAR Government on 1 October 2008.
The Board has been able to recommend a fi nal dividend for 2008 of HK$0.92 per share. This, together with the three interim dividends paid during the year, would result in a total dividend of HK$2.48 per share, the same as in 2007.
The underlying operational and fi nancial performance of our various business streams is more fully described in the following sections of this Annual Report. In order to explain the implications of the current economic slowdown in greater detail to shareholders and stakeholders, the CEO s Review and the Risk Management Report respectively explain the impact until now on CLP of the economic downturn and, looking ahead, the various measures that we have in place to mitigate the risks that unfavourable business conditions may create or exacerbate.
In this Chairman s Statement, I wish to focus on political and regulatory developments in the past 12 months which have borne upon our Hong Kong electricity business and which have consequences for that business going forward. During the past year, this business continued to contribute the lion s share of overall Group earnings. I believe that this will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future. For that reason the Board pays particular attention to matters which have a material impact on 
We have previously reported fully to shareholders on the terms of the new SoC Agreement. In essence, the previous SoC, which ran for a 15-year term to 2008, allowed shareholders a permitted annual return on average net fi xed assets of 13.5% for those investments fi nanced by borrowings and 15% for those fi nanced by shareholders funds. Under the new SoC, the permitted return has been reduced to 9.99%. This means that, on a like for like basis (i.e. assuming no change in the asset base or in gearing and interest rate levels) shareholder earnings from the Hong Kong electricity business will be reduced by around 30%. Because of the size of that business within our overall operations this will have a material impact on Group earnings in 2007, the last full year of the previous SoC, earnings from Hong Kong represented about 70% of the Group s total earnings.
The duration of the new SoC is 10 years, with Government having the right to extend by fi ve years on the same terms to 30 September 2023, by giving notice before 1 January 2016. Government has the right to introduce market changes after 2018, taking into account factors such as supply reliability and environmental standards. If this occurs, CLP is entitled to earn the permitted return until 2023 on all investments previously approved.
As I remarked in my Chairman s Statement in last year s Annual Report, while the signifi cant reduction in return is unwelcome, the new SoC does provide clarity as to the basis on which we can continue to invest in Hong Kong s electricity infrastructure for the next 10 years. This point is demonstrated by the approval by the Hong Kong Government in September 2008 of the Development Plan covering the period from October 2008 to December 2013 under the new SoC Agreement. About HK$40 billion of new capital investment will need to be made over the fi ve-year period to ensure that the current world-class standards of electricity supply will be maintained.
Maintaining the quality of Hong Kong s electricity infrastructure means that we as a society must move forward, in a methodical, balanced and focused way with the development of a long-term energy strategy. Without such a strategy, and its implementation in a timely, skilled and farsighted manner, our community will face the risk of an electricity service which no longer meets its expectations, be this in terms of reliability, security of supply, cost, customer service or environmental 
CLP believes that it would be in Hong Kong s interest for our society to be engaged in early discussions on the development of a long-term energy strategy, given the accelerated pace of integration with the Mainland and the increasing challenges faced by the energy sector worldwide. CLP will welcome the opportunity to contribute our experience and play an active role in the public discussion on the future development of Hong Kong s power industry. We will promote an outcome striking the right balance between shareholders, customers and the community as a whole, which will be crucial in ensuring the continuation of Hong Kong s outstanding electricity supply. We believe that the excellence of the electricity service which CLP offers to our customers in Kowloon and the New Territories is clear, can be objectively assessed and compares most favourably with the standards achieved in other cities and regions including, for that matter, with those currently achieved within neighbouring Guangdong Province.
Supply of Gas and Nuclear Energy On 28 August 2008, the Central People s Government and the Government of the Hong Kong SAR announced their Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on the continued supply of natural gas and nuclear energy to Hong Kong from the 
The MOU came as a surprise to CLP. Since 2002, we had been engaged in the large-scale exercise of planning for supplies of liquefi ed natural gas (LNG), and the provision of the related infrastructure, including an LNG receiving terminal on the South Soko Island, to replace the depleting Yacheng 13 gas fi eld which presently meets our requirements for gas-fi red generation at Black Point. In the months immediately preceding the MOU, we had been working closely with the Hong Kong Government on our LNG project. The necessary environmental impact assessment had been approved by the Director of Environmental Protection in April 2007 and in a briefi ng to the Legislative Council on 30 June 2008, Government had acknowledged the importance of commencing the planning process for the LNG project in ensuring that a replacement gas supply was in place 
The MOU was, therefore, a new development one which represents a signifi cant change in the policy of the Central People s Government and Hong Kong Government in relation to Hong Kong s energy and fuel supply. Previously, we had been consistently advised that Hong Kong should be responsible for meeting its own energy needs, as China wrestled with the very real challenge of securing reliable gas supplies for the fast growing cities and provinces across the Mainland. We had also been advised that domestic demands for gas in the Mainland exceeded the available supply and that little, if any, gas could be made available to CLP. In addition, we understood that the certainty of the supply was questionable and the timing for delivery was unsure. We believe that the change in policy to include Hong Kong in overall gas supply planning by the Central People s Government is attributable to recent successes in securing new gas supplies, including those from Central Asia.
CLP has welcomed Beijing s support for long-term energy supplies to Hong Kong. Our task is to turn this new development into reality and complete the deal on behalf of Hong Kong s people. The MOU (which can be viewed at www.epd.gov.hk) raises the opportunity of drawing gas from three sources: new gas fi elds planned to be developed in the South China Sea; " the second West-to-East Gas Pipeline, bringing gas from Turkmenistan; and " an LNG terminal to be located in the Mainland that will supply Hong Kong. " None of these sources is yet in place. As electricity demand grows through the next decade and a higher level of gas-fi red generation is required in order to lower emissions, our needs for gas are so substantial that we will require not one or two of the three sources contemplated by the MOU to be brought on stream, but all three.
It is a measure of Beijing s good faith that we have immediately been able to begin discussions with counterparts at the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) and with Mainland energy suppliers. Construction of the second West-to-East Gas Pipeline Project was inaugurated by Vice Premier Li Keqiang in Shenzhen on 7 February 2009. Planning is underway for the development of the infrastructure necessary to bring gas sources to Hong Kong, including a new LNG receiving terminal in Shenzhen on Dachan Island in the Pearl River Delta, together with pipeline connections. A Letter of Intent has been signed with the relevant Mainland entities whereby CLP will jointly develop the new LNG receiving terminal, with an equity interest of 24.5%.
Commercial discussions on the volume, timing and price of gas supplies, issues that were left open in the MOU, have also begun.
There is a great deal of ground to cover.
We face an acute time challenge to make adequate quantities of gas available by 2013. However, nothing could be stronger than a government to government agreement on such matters. If we are to ensure power supply reliability in Hong Kong over the coming decade, strong support from both the HKSAR and Central People s Governments will be of critical importance all the way to completion.
In addition to setting a new direction for the supply of gas to Hong Kong, the MOU also provided welcome confi rmation that the existing supply of nuclear energy from Daya Bay is to be extended for a further 20 years, beyond the initial term of the current arrangements in 2014. Since commissioning in 1994, Daya Bay has been a source of substantial, clean and reliable electricity to Hong Kong, providing about 30% of CLP s power generation during 2008. We will work with our Mainland counterparts, including China Guangdong Nuclear Power Holding Co. (CGNPC), to discuss the necessary arrangements for the continued delivery of nuclear energy to Hong Kong.

The government to government MOU is an example of the increasing integration between Hong Kong and the Mainland on all fronts. Hong Kong has moved away from a policy of substantial energy independence towards a position where planning for supplies of gas and nuclear energy will now largely fall beyond the control of the Hong Kong SAR Government. CLP looks forward to playing its full part in meaningful cross-boundary collaboration in the power sector, be that in the implementation of the MOU or in the longer term evolution of Hong Kong and the Pearl River Delta s electricity industry, such as strengthened interconnection. With its long history of co-operation with Mainland authorities and partners, CLP has a great deal to contribute to this process. I recently attended a forum at Daya Bay to mark the thirtieth anniversary of China s open door policy. This occasion, and my earlier meetings in Beijing with Madam Liu Yandong of the State Council and Mr. Zhang Guobao of the NDRC, reinforced my opinion of the excellent relationship which CLP enjoys with Mainland industry counterparts and with the Central People s Government. The MOU is a reminder that the pace of integration between Hong Kong and the Mainland s energy market will accelerate more rapidly than we might have expected. We must continue to enhance our relationship with the Central People s Government and with our Mainland counterparts and become more involved in the development of their energy strategies and policies.
I am confi dent that CLP has the reputation, the relationships and the capability to adjust to the new realities of the Hong Kong electricity industry. With the support of our Board and Management, who are presented in the following section of this Report, I am equally confi dent that our business in Hong Kong will continue to serve as the cornerstone of the CLP Group s activities for the years ahead, whilst we continue to diversify and expand our activities elsewhere in the wider Asia-Pacifi c region.
The Group s prosperity and growth will be built on our longstanding values, including our commitment to sustainable development. In the current economic downturn we must redouble our efforts to deliver fi nancial value to our shareholders and social and environmental value to all our stakeholders. Our actions in this latter respect are more completely described in our Sustainability Report. These take many forms, ranging from emissions reduction projects and the supply of reliable and cost- effective electricity through to the offer of rewarding career and training opportunities to young people in the communities we 
I look forward to reporting to shareholders at the AGM and in the next interim and annual reports on the effective stewardship of your Company s business and assets and upon the continued delivery of value to you and other stakeholders.
The Hon. Sir Michael Kadoorie Hong Kong, 26 February 2009 
