2001 was a challenging year for the financial services industry. That HSBC performed well overall is a measure of the resilience of our business. It is also a testament to the dedication and professionalism of my colleagues throughout the world. I particularly wish to pay tribute to our staff in New York who, in the aftermath of the terrible events of 11 September, kept our operations running, served our customers and cared for members of the general public in an exemplary manner. Similarly, I thank my colleagues in Argentina who are coping magnificently in very 
In many of our major markets, the business environment deteriorated during the year. The US economy slowed markedly with a corresponding impact on much of the rest of the world especially those countries, including many in Asia, which export to it.
The UK remained fundamentally strong despite the effects of the foot-and-mouth epidemic and the downturn in the manufacturing sector. In France, slower growth was associated with lower consumer and business confidence. Hong Kongs economy was more subdued than at any time in recent years, except during the Asian crisis itself. By contrast, mainland China remained buoyant and its remarkable economic progress and potential were recognised by the landmark event of its accession to the World Trade Organisation.In Latin America,the Brazilian economy remained stable and was relatively unaffected by the tragic economic collapse in Argentina. Given these conditions, our performance showed the benefits of both geographical and business diversification.
Below the operating profit line before provisions, we suffered from a number of exceptional charges, including the settlement of the Princeton Note Matter, and benefited from some exceptional gains, including profit on the sales of HSBCs 20 per cent stake in British Interactive Broadcasting and our investment in Modern Terminals Limited. These broadly offset one another.
We have also taken exceptional charges against our current exposure in Argentina. These amount to US$1.1 billion. Consequently, profit attributable to shareholders at US$5.4 billion was US$1.2 billion lower than the result achieved in 2000. Recognising the exceptional nature of the charges in respect of Argentina and Princeton, the Board has declared a second interim dividend of US$0.29, taking the dividends for the year to US$0.48, an increase of 10 per cent.
Argentina was a major problem this year.
Encouraged by our analysis of the regions economic prospects, HSBC made two strategic investments in Latin America in 1997. In Brazil, we established Banco HSBC Bamerindus. In Argentina, Midland Bank had held a 29.9 per cent interest in Banco Roberts since 1988 and, with the Mercosur trade area growing in importance, we took the opportunity to acquire the remaining 70.1 per cent we did not already own through purchasing the Roberts Group.
The resilience and flexibility within the Brazilian economy has allowed HSBC to prosper in the country.
In Argentina, however, despite making considerable progress in building a broadly based business, our experience to date has been extremely disappointing. A number of factors, including protracted recession and a large internal fiscal deficit, have contributed to the countrys current predicament. In line with HSBCs traditional conservatism, we have charged an additional US$600 million of general provisions to cover losses in the Argentine portfolio. Over and above this, we have been forced to take a loss of US$520 million arising from the mandatory asymmetrical conversion of former US dollar-denominated assets and liabilities into pesos.
Our business in Argentina accounts for only 0.5 per cent of our total assets and, in the context of HSBC as a whole, the risks are entirely manageable. Nevertheless, the situation in Argentina remains both fluid and disturbing. It is deeply saddening to see the lives of so many of our customers and staff so badly affected. We must hope that, although necessarily slow and painful, the appropriate monetary and fiscal measures will be taken to reconstruct the financial system and to resolve the crisis. HSBC invests for the long term and, in the course of its history,has experienced periods of extreme volatility in a number of emerging markets which, over time, have proved profitable.
We were pleased to put the Princeton Note Matter substantially behind us by reaching agreement, subsequently confirmed by the US courts, with 51 out of 53 plaintiffs. Settlement was made in January 2002 and the after-tax cost to HSBC fell within the US$450 million price reduction agreed with the late Mr Edmond Safra during the acquisition of Republic New York Corporation.
Following the major developments of 1999 and 2000, 2001 was a quieter year as we concentrated on integration and consolidation. Nevertheless, we made 38 acquisitions and investments and completed 17 disposals. We were particularly pleased to expand our interests in China through the purchase of an 8 per cent stake in Bank of Shanghai announced in December. Significant acquisitions included Banque Hervet in France, Demirbank in Turkey, NRMA
Building Society in Australia and China Securities
Investment Trust Corporation in Taiwan.
There are a number of other factors which are important for an understanding of HSBCs performance in 2001. For the first time, we have expanded our disclosure to give line of business analysis, and to illustrate the progress made in achieving our strategic objectives. You can read about that progress in Keith Whitsons review.
HSBC won numerous awards during the course of 2001, including many for best products and services.
In the UK, Management Todays survey of most admired companies placed HSBC as the top company in the financial sector. We were also voted best company in Asia in a corporate governance survey by Finance International Asia. These awards reflect the hard work and professionalism of my colleagues around the world.
We also continue to make good progress in increasing the number of employees who have a direct interest in the ownership of the Group through our employee share plans. During 2001, almost 58,000 employees in 53 countries and territories applied for savings-related options. Performance-related share options were awarded to over 34,000 employees worldwide at all levels of the organisation. In December, over 3,000 employees in the UK began investing in shares within the newly launched UK Share Ownership Plan and over 10,000 CCF employees participate in the Plan dEpargne in France through which they have subscribed to HSBC shares.
In line with our strategy of Managing for Value, we will continue to encourage such participation by 
