PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2010 amounted to HK$26,478 million (2009 (restated) HK$19,618 million).
Earnings per share were HK$11.43 (2009 (restated) 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.45 per share in respect of 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 20th May, 2011. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share gives a total of HK$2.95 per share for the year (2009 HK$2.70 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 25th May, 2011 following approval at the 2011 Annual General Meeting.

2010 was a year of strong growth for the Group, both in terms of business expansion and revenue generation. The good results reported for all core businesses were better than expected, and strengthened further our capability to deliver sustainable growth. For the year ended 31st December, 2010, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$16,467 million, a rise of 29% over the previous year.

2010 in Review Hong Kong s economy continued to improve solidly in 2010. GDP growth was 6.8% in real terms primarily supported by the strong recovery of private consumption and external trade, while inflationary pressure has begun to accelerate due to rising global commodity and food prices.

The local property market registered an increase in transactions throughout most of 2010 as compared to the previous year, supported by solid demand from flat buyers. In view of the Government s various measures introduced to stabilise prices over the past few months, future market developments are expected to be affected not only by demand but also by the Government s initiatives targeted at the property sector. Nevertheless, given continuing inflation, and the solid support from market demand amid improving labour market conditions and the resultant low unemployment rate, the property market is expected to continue to be healthy, barring unforeseen adverse changes.

The Group generated strong turnover from property sales last year. We will continue to strengthen our market presence and revenue base through a steady provision of diversified, high quality properties to meet market demand. Meanwhile, we will seize suitable opportunities for quality land acquisitions to replenish our well established land bank and to support further expansion of the property portfolio.

In 2010, the Group recorded a satisfactory increase in contributions from property sales and property rental, while the contribution from hotels and serviced suites increased significantly compared to the previous year. The fair value of the Group s investment property portfolio has increased as it evolved towards maturity following the growth in the amount of rentals and enhancement in the quality of tenants.

In 2010, the Group s property business continued to perform well on the Mainland, with good progress in both project development and land bank expansion. The introduction of new tightening measures reflects the Central Government s policy to promote the healthier growth of the property market, and such measures will be fundamental in guiding the market s future developments.
Continuing inflation, the current favourable employment conditions, robust economic growth and strong market demand will continue to underpin the strength of the Mainland s property market over the long run.

The Group recorded good revenue from its overseas property developments for the year under review.
We will continue to pursue selective investments in overseas property markets in order to enhance its portfolio quality and diversity, and generate stable, predictable returns for shareholders.
Listed Affiliated Companies We continued to benefit from the global opportunities arising from the strategic investments in our listed affiliated companies, particularly through the Hutchison Whampoa Group s diversified portfolio of global businesses. In 2010, businesses in markets beyond Hong Kong continued to grow and generate increased profits for the Group and its listed affiliated companies.

The Hutchison Whampoa Group With only a few exceptions, the Hutchison Whampoa Group s businesses in 52 countries achieved earnings growth in 2010. The Hutchison Whampoa Group has entered into a new era of development as the 3 Group generates positive profit contributions. The initial public offering of the Hutchison Port Holdings Trust in March 2011 has provided the Group with significant cash proceeds, strengthening further its strong balance sheet and cashflows. The Hutchison Whampoa Group is well positioned to benefit from a very promising future, with its businesses in different countries delivering varying degrees of growth.

In 2010, Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) reported strong organic growth from existing businesses, while significant acquisitions were made to strengthen the Group s global portfolio. The performance of CKI s portfolio in terms of both the countries and industries in which it operates has been very strong. CKI looks ahead to optimistic prospects and promising growth in the years to come.

Power Assets Holdings Limited (formerly known as Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited) has made excellent progress in implementing its investment strategy of growing its earning base from outside Hong Kong. In 2010, significant expansion was undertaken together with CKI in the United Kingdom.
In February 2011, the name of the company was changed to Power Assets Holdings Limited from Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited to reflect its increasingly diverse worldwide interests, and its pursuit of investment opportunities in power and utility related businesses outside Hong Kong.

CK Life Sciences CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) achieved a strong operational performance and recorded encouraging earnings growth in 2010. With the positive outlook of key markets and industries, steady organic growth of existing operations is expected to continue. CK Life Sciences recent acquisition of Challenger Wine Trust, a trust and a registered managed investment scheme with vineyards and related infrastructure assets in Australia and New Zealand, is poised to significantly boost earnings of its agriculture businesses in Australia. CK Life Sciences is optimistic about its future 
The world economy has continued to improve since the trough of the 2008 financial crisis. Abundant global liquidity following the extension of U.S. quantitative easing measures will boost the prospects for a faster economic recovery, but also increase the risk of inflation. This, together with the European debt problems, the Middle East political issues and the distressing situation in Japan, are expected to pose challenges to the global economy.

China sustained a strong economic growth in 2010, with real GDP growth reaching 10.3% for the year. 2011 represents the first year of China s 12th Five Year Plan . The overall economy is expected to continue growing steadily in a healthier manner, assisted by the Central Government s monetary tightening measures to contain inflation, and the ongoing transformation of the economic 
With various external factors exerting their influence, some degree of instability is to be anticipated, but we expect Hong Kong s economy to be stable this year, and to continue benefiting from the Mainland s rapid development and growth. The Government s measures to curb speculation in the property sector will have an effect in slowing the market development. However, given strong market demand, we have confidence in the long-term prospects of the Mainland and Hong Kong.

We also have strong confidence in the Group s performance for 2011. As stated previously, the Cheung Kong Group is uniquely placed for future growth and expansion given all its strengths and potential. We firmly believe that it has the capabilities to meet the challenges and opportunities ahead, and to expand further its investments around the world. The Cheung Kong Group will continue to perform well and drive growth in the near, medium and long term. Looking ahead, we have full confidence in the promising prospects of its overall businesses.

Intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees are the Group s most valuable asset in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
Hong Kong, 29th March, 2011 
