PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2011 amounted to HK$46,055 million (2010 (restated) HK$26,836 million).
Earnings per share were HK$19.88 (2010 (restated) 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.63 per share in respect of 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company at the close of business on 31st May, 2012. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.53 per share gives a total of HK$3.16 per share for the year (2010 HK$2.95 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 14th June, 2012 following approval at the 2012 Annual General Meeting.

2011 in Review 
In 2011, sovereign debt problems continued to plague Eurozone nations, inflationary pressure rose globally, and the pace of U.S. recovery from the 2008 financial crisis was less robust than anticipated.
Against this backdrop, the worldwide economic and business environment has become increasingly 
Maintaining a balance between progress and stability has always been one of the Group s prime operating principles. Prior to the onset of the financial crisis, the Group had already adopted prudent measures to minimise the impact of external forces. Investments were cautiously made during the year, strictly adhering to our fundamental financial policy of maintaining a healthy debt ratio. The Group has again demonstrated its resilience in this difficult operating environment, and continued to deliver solid performances on all fronts.

Our overall operating results were favourable. For the year ended 31st December, 2011, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$18,068 million, a rise of 8% over the previous year.

We achieved a solid performance in our core property businesses, with strong progress being made in enriching our portfolio and strengthening the revenue drivers. In 2011, major performance indicators were generally in line with our expectations. Contributions from property sales as well as hotels and serviced suites improved over last year. A one-off gain was recorded arising from the injection of the Group s interest in Oriental Plaza in Beijing into Hui Xian Real Estate Investment Trust which is listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

The property market sentiment in Hong Kong has been conservative since the middle of 2011 amid heightened external uncertainties. However, market conditions are expected to remain stable due to solid market fundamentals, continuing purchasing power, low levels of unemployment, low interest rates, together with rising construction costs fuelled by high inflation.

The Group has executed various development initiatives in 2011, and the marketing of its projects has been well-received by the market. Our landbank has been expanding in a healthy, sustainable manner, with a number of selectively chosen high-quality sites successfully acquired at reasonable prices. With ample land resources, we are well placed to continue to generate steady streams of revenue at attractive margins.
The Mainland s property market faced challenges as home prices in major cities continued to soften.
However, we are cautiously optimistic about the future given the Central Government s ongoing tightening measures to help ensure a stable and healthy property market over the long term, and the anticipated increases in purchasing power and housing demand supported by rising labour wages which will outpace inflation.

In overseas markets, the Group is progressing well and in accordance with its development and marketing schedules. We are focused on securing suitable investment opportunities to extend further our footprint beyond Hong Kong, leveraging our accumulated expertise and experience in providing comprehensive property developments to accommodate diverse market needs and aspirations.
Listed Affiliated Companies The Group continued to benefit from the global opportunities arising from its strategic investments in listed affiliated companies, particularly through the Hutchison Whampoa Group s diversified portfolio of global businesses. In 2011, businesses in markets beyond Hong Kong continued to perform favourably and generate increased profits to the Group and its listed affiliated companies.

The Hutchison Whampoa Group In 2011, the Hutchison Whampoa Group s core businesses and operations spanning 53 countries continued to perform well. Its balance sheet and liquidity were strengthened through a number of successful equity capital markets transactions, including the initial public offer of units in Hutchison Port Holdings Trust listed in Singapore. The 3 Group achieved improved EBITDA and a second year of EBIT positive results. The acquisition of a 100% interest in Orange Austria by Hutchison 3G Austria, which is expected to complete in mid-2012 subject to regulatory approval, is expected to create operational synergies and efficiencies, which should result in corresponding increases in 3 Austria s contribution to the 3 Group. Prospects for the Hutchison Whampoa Group are promising. It is well positioned for continued growth and will continue to invest and expand its core businesses.

In 2011, businesses of Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) have generated strong results and recorded good organic growth. Profit contributions from overseas businesses were higher than that of Hong Kong operations. Two acquisitions were made by CKI during the year, namely an interest in the Meridian Cogeneration Plant in Canada and an interest in the Northumbrian Water Group Limited ( Northumbrian Water ) in England. These acquisitions, in particular Northumbrian Water, are expected to act as a growth catalyst that will propel CKI s earnings to new heights.
Following the share placement exercises in July 2011 and in March 2012, and the issue of U.S. dollar fixed rate callable perpetual securities via a fiduciary in February 2012, CKI has ample cash on hand and a strong balance sheet that enable it to continue to pursue infrastructure projects around the 
Power Assets Holdings Limited ( Power Assets ) achieved record results in 2011 with earnings from operations outside Hong Kong surpassing those from Hong Kong for the first time. Earnings from Hong Kong showed a modest decline. The overall excellent results were bolstered by the first full-year of earnings contributions from the acquisitions that Power Assets made in 2010, namely a 40% interest in UK Power Networks Limited and a 25% interest in the Seabank Power Station, both in the United Kingdom. Power Assets will continue to grow its earnings base outside Hong Kong, building on its strong foundations.

CK Life Sciences CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) achieved a steady operational performance in 2011. The acquisitions of Challenger Wine Trust, Qualco West Vineyard and Peaty Trading Group in Australia are poised to expand the reach of its agriculture-related business and boost its earnings. On the R&D front, the approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration of the Phase III clinical testing of CK Life Sciences melanoma vaccine has brought CK Life Sciences to a new research milestone and a major step closer to the commercialisation of the melanoma vaccine.
CK Life Sciences fundamentals are sound and business operations are solid. It is well placed to drive further growth in the future.

Looking into 2012, global market conditions are expected to continue to improve modestly, given that the Eurozone markets affected by sovereign debt problems are showing signs of stabilisation, and the U.S. overall economy is on track for gradual growth as reflected by improvements in major economic indicators, and aided by low interest rates.

The Mainland stayed relatively resilient and maintained robust GDP growth of 9.2% in 2011. In line with the Central Government s economic growth target of 7.5%, the Mainland s economy is expected to continue to expand solidly in 2012, although the pace may be slightly moderated.
Easing inflationary pressure, solid domestic demand, and the Central Government s fine-tuning of its tightening policy designed to ensure stable and sustainable growth will be positive factors conducive to its long-term prospects. Hong Kong s GDP growth will likely moderate in the coming year, but will remain positive as the Mainland s continued steady development will provide firm support to the local economy. Hong Kong s sound economic fundamentals and its close proximity to the Mainland as a high growth centre will be strong pillars for its sustainable development.

We are committed to strengthening our existing core businesses while embracing new growth opportunities through diversification and globalisation. Looking ahead, we will continue to pursue quality investments that carry long-term benefits for the Cheung Kong Group, and we would expect such investments to yield promising returns in three to four years. We firmly believe that we have the strength and resources to continue our global ventures on a path of growth with a fine balance of progress and stability. We are strongly confident in the Cheung Kong Group s future prospects.

Intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees are the Group s most valuable asset in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
