Chairman s Statement In 2003, our Hong Kong electricity business and our activities in the Mainland and the Asia-Pacific region all delivered increased value to our shareholders.
I am pleased to present our Annual Report for the year ended 31 December 2003 and to record a strong financial and operational performance over that period.
Year 2003 Results In 2003, earnings per share for recurring operations increased by 13.6% to HK$3.09 per share compared to the previous year. The Scheme of Control (SoC) earnings for the year ended 31 December 2003 grew 8% to HK$6,281 million. Earnings from non-SoC activities increased by 60.3% from HK$998 million to 
Total earnings for 2003 were HK$7,687 million, compared to HK$7,104 million for 2002. These took into account the Group s share of profit of the Hok Un redevelopment of HK$240 million. By comparison, the property profits in 2002 were HK$546 million. The total earnings per share in 2003 were HK$3.19, an increase of 8.1%.
The Board has recommended a final dividend for 2003 of HK$0.65 per share and a special final dividend of HK$0.10 per share paid out of profits of the Hok Un redevelopment. These final dividends, together with the three interim dividends paid during the year, result in a total dividend of HK$1.98 per share.
In reviewing the financial results for 2003, the Board and I were particularly encouraged by the improvement to Group earnings made by each of our three major business streams: " the electricity business in Hong Kong regulated under the SoC; " our investments in the power sector in the Chinese mainland; and " our presence in the private sector power industry in a number of countries in the Asia-Pacific region.
In recent years, our activities in both the Mainland and the wider Asia-Pacific region have been pursued with increasing emphasis. This policy of diversification has been the result of our awareness of the potential offered by these markets, as well as the risk of solely relying on earnings from our Hong Kong electricity business which may be affected by both regulatory change and the slowdown in local electricity demand as the economy matures.
Nonetheless, the Hong Kong electricity business continues to be the major source of our earnings (80% of the Group s operating earnings before deduction of unallocated expenses in 2003) and represents the primary focus of our investments (62% of the Group s total assets).

Following an invitation issued to shareholders with last year s Interim Report, over 1,100 shareholders are currently participating in a series of visits to our facilities in Hong Kong. We have taken this opportunity to ask for their views and concerns about CLP s business and its outlook. The comments received have centred on the future electricity regulatory regime in Hong Kong and on CLP s environmental performance. This focus from our shareholders comes as no surprise. Both the Board and Management have been giving close attention to these matters for quite some time. I would like to highlight some of our thoughts, actions and initiatives in these two areas.
Post-2008 Hong Kong Electricity Business Regulatory Regime Since 1964, our electricity business in Hong Kong has been regulated by the Hong Kong Government under an SoC Agreement.
CLP, working within the framework of a stable regulatory regime, has provided our community with an electricity supply characterised by: 
" reasonable and affordable tariffs; " high productivity and efficiency; " good customer service; and 
During the past 40 years, the social and economic life of our community has never been constrained or inconvenienced by shortcomings in electricity supply. As will be apparent to those shareholders and stakeholders who travel widely, Hong Kong s performance in this respect has been markedly different from that in other countries within our region and elsewhere. Moreover, unlike other countries, and, for that matter, other public services here, Hong Kong s electricity infrastructure has been entirely funded by private sector investment. Taxpayers have never been called upon to subsidise, directly or indirectly, the provision of Hong Kong s electricity service.
In previous years, CLP has cautioned against the risk of hasty and ill-advised changes to the electricity regulatory regime. During 2003, a series of dramatic blackouts in North America and western Europe underlined the importance of a reliable electricity supply and that, even in developed countries, this should not be taken for granted. There are lessons to be drawn from these incidents, including: " the severe consequences to a developed economy of electricity failures, including the massive social and economic costs; " the community s intolerance to interruptions in supply; " the cumulative negative effects of under-investment and inadequate maintenance and the consequences of regulatory disincentives to invest in and properly maintain electricity systems; " the dangers of using electricity infrastructure, such as by complex interconnection of pre-existing systems, in a manner for which it was not originally designed; " multiple participants in electricity supply blurs accountability to the community for the reliability of supply and responsibility for failures; and " the significant risks associated with electricity sector reform. Such reform is irreversible and yet the resultant risks are not necessarily apparent at the outset, but materialise over the medium to longer term.
It seems likely that discussions with the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region on the future electricity regulatory regime will move forward during the next year or so. CLP intends to be an active and constructive participant in these discussions. We are entitled to play an influential role because we, together with our longstanding partner, ExxonMobil, who holds a 60% stake in the power stations in Hong Kong, have invested in, own and operate all of the electricity infrastructure within our supply area.
Even more importantly, during the past century, we have demonstrated an unwavering commitment and ability to provide our community with an electricity supply which meets its needs.
It is clearly in the interest of both shareholders and customers that a quality electricity supply is maintained in Hong Kong, that the necessary investments continue to be made and that reasonable returns are earned by those investors who make this possible. CLP will be a strong voice against any regulatory change which puts in doubt our ability to continue to provide a first-class service to the community and fails to allow our shareholders to make a proper return on the investment which they have made in providing the necessary infrastructure. Conversely, we will be a strong voice in supporting any regulatory regime which maintains and builds upon our past and current achievements and respects the interests of all concerned, including shareholders and customers.

