STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report that PCCW recorded strong
operational and financial performance of its core
businesses in the year ended December 31, 2014.
In its bid to become a leading digital news and
entertainment service provider, the media business
has widened its regional and international footprint of
content distribution and has been actively developing
its OTT (over-the-top) service in Hong Kong in the past
year. Locally, now TV also further consolidated its payTV
leadership with increases in both the subscription
base and ARPU (average revenue per user).
PCCW Solutions continued to win significant IT service
contracts and opened a major world-class data center
during the year. The company differentiates itself in the
market by providing a comprehensive service platform to
support customer business transformation in the digital
world. The launch of a new banking and finance solution
during the year marked its foray into offering industryspecific
packages with full intellectual property rights.
In this increasingly mobile-centric age, HKT’s elevation
to become the leading mobile service provider in Hong
Kong following its acquisition of CSL last May has
brought significant benefits to customers. Continued
integration efforts will realize further synergies and
create additional value for shareholders. Meanwhile,
our local fixed broadband and global connectivity
businesses also saw healthy growth last year.
On property, Pacific Century Premium Developments’
existing projects in Indonesia, Japan and Thailand are
progressing according to schedule. The company will
examine opportunities in Asia and around the world
to enrich its portfolio in a diverse range of properties
including residential, office, commercial, and hotel
and resort.
In 2015, the economic environments both in Hong
Kong and elsewhere globally are faced with some
uncertainties. However, I am confident that the
management team steered by Mr. BG Srinivas, who
joined PCCW as Group Managing Director in July, will
take the group to a higher level.
Finally, the Board welcomes Mr. Zhang Junan, who
joined the Board as a Non-Executive Director in August,
succeeding Mr. Li Gang who has made valuable
contributions to the Group over the past few years.
Richard Li
Chairman
February 11, 2015