Our starting point was to look to the future positioning our business in markets where we have scale, capability and competitive advantages. We sought to match our strength with market factors, and identify what we do best.
I am pleased to report strong financial results in 2014, which reflected a much improved operational performance in most of our businesses. The Group s operating earnings were HK$10,062 million, an 8.1% increase over 2013. One-off items for the year amounted to a net gain of HK$1,159 million predominantly associated with the acquisition of additional interests in Castle Peak Power Company Limited and Hong Kong Pumped Storage Development Company, Limited.
Total earnings were up 85.2% to HK$11,221 million. These earnings have enabled the Board to approve a fourth interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share for 2014. Together with the three interim dividends already paid, our total dividend this year is HK$2.62 per share, an increase from HK$2.57 in the 
In my Chairman s Statement this year, I wish to focus on the updated investment strategy for the Group which was approved by the Board recently. As I have always emphasised, given the scale and lifespan of our investments, and the array of stakeholders impacted by our operations, the nature of the power sector requires a long-term view. It also means charting a course and sticking to it whilst ensuring that we can adapt to change along the way. Over the years, CLP has stayed faithful to this core principle in making our investments. We review our strategy from time to time to make sure it is keeping pace with the changing times, it continues to capture the right opportunities and that it tackles our different challenges.
Since we last refreshed our strategy in 2009 there has been significant change. We have seen unprecedented decreases in demand for electricity in mature economies, dramatic volatility in fuel markets, a structural shift in global economic growth towards Asia, tightening environmental regulation in our key markets and continued policy uncertainty on climate change.
Against this rapidly evolving background, we launched a thorough review of our investment strategy in early 2014.
Our starting point was to look to the future positioning our business in markets where we have scale, capability and competitive advantages. We sought to match our strength with market factors, and identify what we do best.
Our many strengths include the ability to effectively operate businesses across the energy value chain from electricity generation right through to the provision of energy services to our customers. We work well in complex environments where we take a long-term view, integrate our operations with the community and work cooperatively with regulatory authorities to get the best result for all stakeholders. We have built a strong reputation for trustworthiness and reliability and a network of long-term partnerships and relationships in the Asia-Pacific region. Looking back at our experience in growing our business outside Hong Kong, we can see that we have particular strengths in the fields of power plant technology and the development and operation of power projects. Our best performing investments are generally new development projects where we have been involved from the start and hold a controlling position or have a clear role in project management and operation.
Our updated Group strategy can be summarised with three words Focus " Delivery " Growth . By focusing on business activities and initiatives that best utilise our core competencies we will be able to deliver on the potential of our investments and generate growth for our shareholders.
Our new strategy will guide CLP in the coming decade. It includes four key components: First, Hong Kong remains our core market and strategic focus.
We are committed to building and growing here for the long term. Although Hong Kong is a mature market, we still see increasing demand. In order to best serve our customers, we will maintain our strong operational performance to provide a safe and reliable electricity supply, with continually improving environmental performance, excellent service and reasonable 
It should be clear to all of us that, in the wider context, closer integration between Hong Kong and southern China is inevitable. We are well positioned as we are confident that our long-term partnership with key industry players in southern China such as China Southern Power Grid and China General Nuclear Power Corporation will give us the competitive edge to further explore opportunities in southern China in the long run.
Second, we are well-positioned in two of the most dynamically growing markets in the world Mainland China and India. They are home to the world s two largest populations where energy demand is growing rapidly.
Both are in need of energy infrastructure to support their continuing development and they are both open to private investment. Although our ventures into Mainland China and India have not always been smooth sailing, our existing, diversified and well-established businesses in the two countries provide good platforms for future growth.
CLP was an early mover in the Mainland right after the Chinese Government s declaration of its open door policy in the late 1970s. We can and will capitalise on our historic presence and close relationships in the Mainland. We will continue to follow a niche investor approach focusing on renewable projects such as greenfield wind and solar projects as well as high-efficiency coal projects. At the same time, reform of the energy sector in Mainland China may open up new opportunities in other parts of the value chain.
Likewise, India has an insatiable demand for electricity, and we are encouraged by the new government s commitment to the development of critical infrastructure to support India s economic growth. Whilst India has challenges such as with fuel supply, currency volatility and the high cost of debt, we see this vibrant country as a land of great potential. We will continue to pursue high-efficiency coal-fired projects with access to imported coal, build our renewable energy portfolio and capitalise on our position as a leader in wind energy 
Third, to the extent that capital is available, we will explore secondary growth opportunities in selective Southeast Asian countries. We expect demand for new power generation in these markets will remain strong in the coming years. We will stay active in Taiwan and Vietnam while monitoring developments in other Southeast Asian countries for 
Finally, we will focus on restoring value in our Australian business. Unfortunately, the Australian energy sector, like its counterparts in other mature economies in Western Europe and North America, is going through a period of significant change and faces formidable challenges ahead.
This includes unprecedented decline in electricity demand, overcapacity in the generation sector and falling wholesale prices. On top of that, regulatory changes have created uncertainty and increased market risks at a time when stiff market competition has put additional pressure on retail margins. These factors have combined to erode the value of our business in Australia over the past few years. We take a realistic approach to the management of these issues, and we expect such challenges to continue in Australia over the coming years. Our focus will be on realigning the business with the new market and political paradigms to restore value for our shareholders in the years to come.
Having focused on our revised strategy and some of the challenges and opportunities we see at the Group level, there is an important matter here at home that deserves our close attention. As we all know, our Hong Kong business is regulated by the Scheme of Control (SoC) Agreement, which has been serving Hong Kong well over the past five decades. Its terms have evolved over time to keep pace with Hong Kong s development and changing aspirations of the community. Most importantly, it has provided a stable environment that allows power companies to support Hong Kong s economic development and to serve consumers with electricity supply of world class reliability and at reasonable cost. The current SoC Agreement will continue until at least 2018. The Government is expected to consult the public on the subject in 2015 to help determine whether to extend the current SoC or whether changes are envisaged.
Changes to the regulatory regime will have far reaching consequences for the electricity industry as well as its customers and the community in Hong Kong. As Hong Kong s largest power supplier, CLP will actively engage with the community and the Government about the discussion of the post-2018 regulatory framework during the consultation.
However, the objectives of any consultation must be clear for it to be effective. It must also be based upon thorough understanding of this complex and hugely capital intensive industry that has a consistent, proven and enviable track record in Hong Kong. Any future framework must not compromise on safety, reliability, environmental protection and affordability which have been the cornerstones of today s 
