STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report a set of strong financial results for
PCCW Limited for the year ended December 31, 2013,
reflecting robust performance across the Group’s
core businesses.
The media business continued to implement its
strategies with success in 2013 – enriching now TV’s
programming lineup, giving customers a unique viewing
experience, and expansion beyond Hong Kong. Notably
the exclusive broadcast of the Barclays Premier League
(BPL) that commenced in August 2013 contributed
to the continued increases in now TV’s overall
subscription base and ARPU (average revenue per
user). We also made further progress in expanding to
other markets, distributing premium now TV branded
programming and music service to the U.S., Singapore,
and Guangdong in China.
Last October, a PCCW Group subsidiary, HK Television
Entertainment Company Limited, received the Chief
Executive-in-Council’s approval-in-principle of its
application for a Domestic Free Television Programme
Service License. PCCW has strong financial resources
and expertise to run a successful and sustainable Free
TV service in Hong Kong, backed by over 10 years of
solid media experience. We are now discussing with the
Government on the final license terms.
In Hong Kong, PCCW Solutions continued to benefit
from its leading market position. Wider adoption of IT
applications and cloud computing has driven the need
for data center services, where PCCW Solutions enjoys a
unique market position given its ability to provide the full
spectrum of IT services. A new world-class data center
in Kwai Chung is scheduled for opening in phases from
the first quarter of 2014.
PCCW Solutions last year also successfully established
a stronger foothold in the mainland market following
strategic acquisitions to complement its organic growth
and drive profitability – including the acquisition last
May of Compass Solutions Holdings, a SAP Enterprise
Resource Planning (ERP) solutions expert which
complements our core competencies in Oracle ERP.
HKT reported robust operational and financial
performance for 2013, with further increases in revenue
and Adjusted Funds Flow. Its fiber broadband business
continued to expand, while the mobile segment
represented another growth engine.
In December, HKT reached an agreement to re-acquire
CSL (now known as CSL New World Mobility Limited).
Subject to shareholder and regulatory approvals, the
transaction is in line with HKT’s objectives of investing
in businesses which provide stable and regular
distributions as well as long-term distribution growth.
Customers will also benefit from enhanced
service quality.
For Pacific Century Premium Developments, the past
year has been a pivotal one. Following the completion
of its residential sales activity in Hong Kong, PCPD
is looking forward to strengthening its presence in
other parts of Asia, particularly in economies that are
experiencing high growth. It completed the acquisition
of a site in a prime location in Jakarta, Indonesia, during
the year. Initial planning work on this project is in full
swing, and PCPD expects a world-class office building
to be completed and operational by 2017. Meanwhile,
PCPD’s existing projects in Hokkaido, Japan, and
Phang-nga, Thailand, are proceeding in accordance
with their respective schedules.
Given our solid fundamentals and stable telecom
earnings, we are optimistic about the performance of
the Group in the current year barring any unforeseen
circumstances. We are mindful of the need to constantly
keep in view global economic trend and developments.
Volatility of the local financial market at the beginning of
this year was a reminder that the Hong Kong economy is
highly susceptible to external factors.
Finally, I welcome Mr. David Christopher Chance who
joined PCCW as an Independent Non-Executive Director
of PCCW and Independent Non-Executive Chairman of
PCCW Media Limited last November.
Richard Li
Chairman
February 27, 2014