Group Chairman s Statement Against the welcome backdrop of generally improving economic conditions, we significantly progressed the reshaping of HSBC during 2013.
The focus of these efforts was two-fold; alongside concentrating on capturing the high quality opportunities from and within our increasingly distinctive international network and diversified business model we strove to improve risk management and control through eliminating or restructuring businesses with higher inherent risk characteristics. The combination of our commitment to implementing Global Standards, addressing regulatory changes and managing increased capital discipline has driven a fundamental review of all aspects of our business. I have no doubt that a stronger HSBC is emerging from this process. The Group Chief Executive s Review gives greater detail of the progress made on this journey and draws out the key elements of HSBC s performance in 2013.
If there is one thing to highlight from all the work being done, it is the recognition of the benefits to our customers of the connectivity we can deliver across geographies and through our universal banking model.
As we reshape HSBC we shall not lose sight of the importance of these network benefits or of the fact that this network has taken close to 150 years to build.
Nowhere is this more evident than in our businesses facilitating cross-border investment and trade activities. Our geographic presence, which straddles both the key developed Western economies and the most important markets in Asia, Latin America and the Middle East, adds both comparative advantage and resilience to our competitive 
China finished the year with record trade figures, thereby becoming the largest trading nation in the world, and it is fitting that the cover of this year s Annual Report features the three cities where HSBC s trade credentials were established in 1865 and which are now playing key roles in the internationalisation of the renminbi, namely Shanghai, Hong Kong and 
Performance in 2013 HSBC s performance in 2013 was reassuringly sound across our main business areas with good underlying momentum in areas of targeted investment.
Pre-tax profit on a reported basis was US$22.6 billion, 9% or US$1.9 billion higher than that reported in 2012. On an underlying basis, profit before tax was 41% (US$6.3 billion) ahead of last year, driven primarily by welcome reductions in loan impairment charges as well as in fines and penalties and customer 
These improvements flow in large part from the re-positioning of the Group and from enhanced risk controls given effect over the last three years.
Earnings per share of US$0.84 compared with US$0.74 in 2012. Shareholders equity stood at US$181.9 billion, some US$6.6 billion higher than at the start of the year. The Group s market capitalisation rose over the year by US$13 billion and at US$207 billion exceeded shareholders equity by US$25 billion or 14%.
Continuing strong capital generation from operating results, together with the favourable effect of the ongoing run-off of exit portfolios and non-core disposals, lifted our core tier 1 ratio to 13.6% compared with 12.3% at the start of the year.
Taking account of our strong capital position and earnings performance, the Board has approved a fourth interim dividend in respect of 2013 of US$0.19 per share, as against US$0.18 per share in 2012. The Board intends to maintain the first three quarterly interim dividends in respect of 2014 at US$0.10 per share. Total dividends in respect of 2013 of US$0.49 per share were 9% or US$0.04 higher than in 2012, amounting to US$9.2 billion in aggregate, an increase in pay-out of US$0.9 billion.
Once again in 2013, the British Government increased the rate of the bank levy imposed on the consolidated balance sheets of UK domiciled banks and expanded the scope of the levy. This increased the cost to HSBC in 2013 by US$321 million, taking the levy for the year to US$904 million, of which US$484 million related to non-UK banking activity. The impact of the levy represented US$0.05 per share which would otherwise have been available for distribution to shareholders or retained to strengthen the capital base or support incremental growth.
Global Standards and regulatory change In the current public policy debates about how best to restore and expand economic growth, two themes critical to our industry stand out. First, how to prevent another financial crisis and what tools are needed to minimise the cost to society should one occur.
Second, how to achieve a better balance between economic activity and a more equitable distribution of the economic growth that is generated in the future.
We are clear that through building the further resilience mandated by global regulatory changes and by implementing and adhering to global standards in all aspects of compliance, we can address both sets of objectives and build a more sustainable future for HSBC. Much has been done but there is much still 
The Group Chief Executive s Review highlights the priority we give to this agenda. It remains the key focus of the Board s governance of executive performance. In executing these responsibilities, the Board is also acutely aware of its commitments under the Deferred Prosecution Agreement and associated regulatory undertakings entered into in December 2012. As reported at our interim results, Michael Cherkasky, the Monitor appointed to evaluate and report upon the effectiveness of the Group s AML and sanctions compliance function and HSBC s progress in meeting its remedial obligations, commenced his work in July last year. The Board, both directly and through its Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee, has established a good working relationship with the Monitor in order to support him and his team in the execution of their assignment.
Responding to heightened standards Sustainable success in banking is founded upon meeting the expectations of society. Fundamentally, this means delivering transparent and fair outcomes to our customers. It also means avoiding any perception of self-interest by ensuring there is a proper division of value between providers and consumers of financial products and services. While regulatory changes seek to address the framework supporting these outcomes, responsibility and accountability rest with the industry itself, and ultimately with the management and boards of individual institutions. We understand this and strive to be seen as proactively responsive to rising expectations. We made good progress in 2013 in this regard. In particular, we redesigned the compensation frameworks in Retail Banking and Wealth Management around the customer, so that from the start of 2014 we have removed the link between financial reward opportunity and product sales for substantially all of our staff in our retail and wealth businesses. We have also stepped up the Board s governance oversight over conduct and behavioural issues, and I deal with 
It is critical to all we do that we have the breadth and depth of experience on the Board necessary to provide effective governance and challenge. As we refresh the Board to take account of planned retirements, we seek to add skills and experience complementary to those already on the Board in order to strengthen the range of oversight competences within the Board. Through the Nomination Committee we look up to two years ahead to identify a pipeline of suitable candidates and I am hugely encouraged by the quality of individuals we are able to identify and attract.
We shall be saying goodbye to two long-serving Directors later this year. Both John Coombe and James Hughes-Hallett have given outstanding service and commitment over their nine years on the Board and its Committees. They will not seek re-election at the AGM in May.
In his time on the Board, in addition to his measured contributions to Board discussions, John has brought a wealth of business and financial experience and expertise to the Group Audit Committee, which latterly he chaired, and to the Group Risk and Remuneration Committees. In these roles he has taken on a considerable workload and critical responsibilities throughout periods of significant economic and market uncertainty and major regulatory change. Upon his retirement it is proposed that John will be succeeded in his role as Chair of the Group Audit Committee by Renato Fassbind.
With his deep experience of managing a broad range of international businesses, notably in the Far East, James has brought a businessman s perspective to the Board as well as detailed knowledge of both Hong Kong and mainland China. James has served with distinction on the Group Audit, Risk, Corporate Sustainability and Nomination Committees.
On behalf of the Board and shareholders, I want to take this opportunity to acknowledge their contribution to HSBC and record our appreciation and gratitude for their long and distinguished periods of 
On 21 February we announced the appointment of a new Director to the Board.
Kathleen Casey, a former Commissioner of the US Securities and Exchange Commission ( SEC ), will join the Board as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 1 March 2014. She will become a member of the Group Audit Committee and the Financial System Vulnerabilities Committee.
Kathleen served as an SEC Commissioner from 2006 to 2011, acting as the regulator s principal representative in multilateral and bilateral regulatory dialogues including with the G-20 Financial Stability Board and the International Organisation of Securities Commissions. Before being appointed Commissioner, Kathleen spent 13 years on Capitol Hill, holding various positions including Staff Director and Counsel of the United States Senate Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs (2003-2006).
Kathleen brings to the Board a wealth of experience of financial services regulation gained though public service at a key time in the regulatory evolution of the sector. Her skills will complement well the diverse background and experience of the 
Recognising the benefits to be had from reinforcing the links between our major subsidiary boards and HSBC Holdings, the Board invited Rona Fairhead to extend her term of service on the Board and take on the Chairmanship of HSBC North America Holdings Inc. The Board was delighted when she accepted this invitation, taking on her new role with effect from the start of this year.
Finally, the Board considered in depth the conclusions and recommendations of the Parliamentary Commission on Banking Standards on conduct and behaviour in banks and concluded that the Board should expand and enhance its oversight of these areas. Accordingly, the Board has established a new Committee, the Conduct and Values Committee, into which will be folded much of what was done historically in the Group Corporate Sustainability Committee. I am delighted to report that Rachel Lomax has agreed to chair this new committee.
Further details of its terms of reference and membership are set out on page 362.

As well as addressing the regulatory and governance challenges we face, it is essential to keep a sense of perspective and be able to focus on the significant opportunities arising from successful execution of our strategy. Let me outline four by way of illustration.
First, trade. HSBC was founded on financing trade and investment flows. By 2050 trade and capital flows between Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, in which we are well represented, could increase tenfold. The internationalisation of the renminbi, where HSBC is already the leading international bank, will amplify these opportunities.
Second, the world s population is ageing, necessitating considerably greater privately funded retirement saving. HSBC s research shows that globally some 48% of people have never saved for retirement and that 56% admit they are not preparing 
Third, as the world s population expands there is an urgent need to fund the technology and infrastructure investment that will deliver the energy, water and food needed to support the extra two billion people predicted to be living by 2050.
Fourth, we need to invest to bring to our customers the benefits available through smarter digital technology and richer data.
The above represent only some of the foreseeable changes to which banking needs to respond in order to enable our customers better to meet their financial needs and aspirations.
The opportunities are clear; HSBC s commitment to be a trusted partner in the delivery of these opportunities lies at the heart of our strategy. Our ability to succeed lies in the strength and range of our networks and our universal banking model. The rest of this Strategic Report covers the detail of that 
