Group Chairman s Statement We believe that the global leadership we have built in emerging markets and in trade, and our international perspective are compelling advantages that set HSBC apart for our customers, our shareholders and our people.

2007 was a year when large parts of the international financial system came under extraordinary strain. For HSBC to achieve another new high in earnings, despite these conditions and the exceptionally weak performance of our US business, underscores the value of the strategic focus we announced early last year to drive sustainable growth by concentrating on the faster growing markets of the world.
Pre-tax profits in 2007 increased by 10 per cent to US$24 billion and earnings per share rose by 18 per cent to US$1.65. Excluding the dilution gains arising from our strategic investments in mainland China, which I highlighted at the interim stage, profits grew by 5 per cent. Consistent with our strategy of focusing on emerging markets where we are the world s leading international bank, profits from those businesses, excluding dilution gains, grew by 41 per cent to US$15 billion.
Our return on shareholders equity exceeded 15 per cent, revenue growth was in double digits for the fifth year running, our cost efficiency ratio improved, and our capital ratios remained strong. HSBC s financial strength in terms of both capital and liquidity is a powerful driver of sustainable growth and helps ensure continued resilience.
Strong operating performance in 2007 We produced exceptionally strong results in Asia-Pacific, Latin America and the Middle East while facing considerable business challenges in North America. In our customer groups, we also achieved record results in Commercial Banking and Private Banking, and a strong performance in Global Banking and Markets, despite write-downs arising from market turbulence in the second half of the year. In addition, Personal Financial Services produced record profits in emerging markets. Within these customer groups, our insurance operations made further progress.
Our North American results continue to be adversely affected by high loan impairment charges as we respond to the impact on our portfolio of credit deterioration arising largely from housing market weakness in the US. The management team has taken vigorous action to address and mitigate the problem. In Europe, excluding the positive effect of movements in the fair value of HSBC s own debt, performance was broadly in line with 2006. In the UK, Commercial Banking generated pre-tax profits of over US$2 billion for the first time and, in Turkey, further expansion of the branch network helped drive strong organic growth in numbers of personal and business customers.
The Group Chief Executive s Business Review on pages 12-21 examines our performance in more detail.
Financial strength underpins our progressive 
The Directors have declared a fourth interim dividend for 2007 of US$0.39 per ordinary share (in lieu of a final dividend) which, together with the first three interim dividends for 2007 of US$0.17 already paid, will make a total distribution in respect of the year of US$0.90 per share (US$0.81 per share in respect of 2006), an increase of 11.1 per cent. The dividend will be payable on 7 May 2008, with a scrip dividend alternative, to shareholders on the register on 25 March 2008. HSBC s dividend has increased by 10 per cent or more every year for 15 years.
A clear and compelling strategy playing to 
At the beginning of 2007, we refreshed our strategy, considering how we should shape HSBC for the future. Our deliberations were influenced by some fundamental long-term trends that will shape tomorrow s world: emerging markets will continue to grow faster than mature ones; world trade will continue to grow faster than world output; and people are living longer than ever before, with all the implications that has for long- term savings and pensions.
Our thinking was also informed by a clear appreciation of HSBC s strengths. We believe that the global leadership we have built in emerging markets and in trade, and our international perspective are compelling advantages that set HSBC apart for our customers, our shareholders and our people.
As we explained in March 2007, our conclusion was that the Group should place renewed emphasis on investing in fast-moving emerging markets in Asia-Pacific, the Middle East and Latin America. We believe we can grow strongly and sustainably. We achieved our position as the number one international bank in Asia-Pacific and the Middle East over many years; by contrast, we have built one of Latin America s largest financial services businesses in little more than a decade.
In mature markets, we are determined to focus our businesses on areas where we can build on our unique global franchise, so as to benefit from the long-term trend of increasing international connectivity. We have international customer bases across many of our businesses, from the largest corporates, through to small or medium-sized enterprises, to the internationally mobile mass affluent and other personal customers with specific international requirements. We have developed a clear approach which is enabling our business to focus strongly on these groups of customers now and in the years ahead.
Where opportunities arise, we shall seek to redeploy capital towards emerging markets through divestment of assets of greater strategic value to others. In France, we have received a firm cash offer of US$3.1 billion for our seven, separately branded, regional banks and have entered into exclusive discussions. This potential transaction, which is subject to necessary approvals and consultation, could complete in mid- 2008. We remain committed to France through our HSBC-branded network serving retail and commercial customers and through our activities in Global Banking and Markets, Private Banking, asset management and insurance. During 2007, we acquired the 50 per cent of Erisa, our French insurance business, which we did not own.
We will also build businesses, in both our emerging and mature markets, that help our customers with their long-term savings needs, as demographics and wealth creation trends around the world make this ever more important to them.
Finally, we will shape our business operations so that we use our scale to deliver better, more efficient services to our customers. Their use of technology increasingly dictates how they interact with us. We increasingly employ technology to create better products which we can deliver globally at lower cost. As we grow our direct banking business, we will create opportunities to meet more of our customers financial needs.
Building on our position as the world s leading international emerging markets bank During 2007, we continued to build our businesses in emerging markets organically. For example, on a like-for-like basis, risk-weighted assets in these areas grew by 42 per cent compared with 16 per cent for the Group as a whole.
As the leading international bank in the country of our birth, China, we were delighted to be among the first to incorporate locally in the mainland. We have built the largest branch network of any international bank and we have significant and profitable strategic investments in our 
In mainland China, through our own businesses and in conjunction with our associates, we achieved for the first time in our history a profit before tax of over US$1 billion, in addition to over US$7 billion generated in Hong Kong.
As China continues to reshape itself as a 21st century powerhouse, HSBC seeks to play a constructive role in its continued progressive economic and social development. We were the first international bank to establish and open a rural bank. Hang Seng Bank has agreed to acquire 20 per cent of Yantai City Commercial Bank in the fast-growing Bohai region of China.
Elsewhere in Asia-Pacific, we have sought to further strengthen our position through a series of investments in faster-growing economies.
In South Korea, we have agreed to acquire 51 per cent of Korea Exchange Bank for US$6.5 billion, subject to regulatory approvals. In Taiwan, we acquired Chailease Credit Services, a factoring company serving commercial customers, and agreed to acquire the assets, liabilities and operations of The Chinese Bank, which will extend our network by 39 branches and bring us many new customers.
As foreign investment rules are eased, we have made significant investments to expand our business in Vietnam with the acquisition of a further 5 per cent interest in Techcombank, bringing our stake to 14.4 per cent, and the purchase for some US$255 million of a 10 per cent interest in Bao Viet, the leading insurance company in the country.
The latter investment reflects our determination to increase the contribution of insurance to Group earnings. We also entered into agreements to invest in a 26 per cent interest in a new life insurance joint venture in India, in partnership with two of the larger state-owned banks, and to acquire just under 50 per cent of Hana Life Insurance Company in South Korea. We have entered a number of strategic alliances to ensure that we have the best products for our customers and the support to grow our activities.
A fifth consecutive year of rising oil prices facilitated growth in public and private investment in the Middle East. As a result, infrastructure development accelerated, and consumption and employment rose. Our businesses in the Middle East were well positioned to benefit from this and have had an excellent year.
Our acquisition of Grupo Banistmo in Central America and Banco Nazionale in Argentina in 2006 strengthened our existing business.
2007 has been a year of integrating these operations. It is a testimony to the strength of our Latin American businesses that we have been able to grow profits by 26 per cent to over US$2 billion while investing in the integration, and despite the increase in loan impairment charges in Mexico as our loan portfolio began to mature.
A people business It is people, of course, who define an organisation; and any business s success is dependent on the calibre of its staff. 2007 was a demanding year in many respects and it is testament to the talent and professionalism of my 330,000 colleagues around the world that HSBC successfully met its challenges and excelled in so many areas. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my personal thanks to my colleagues their commitment and expertise have greatly benefited the Group and our shareholders.
Measuring the results of our strategy We have published, for the first time, the key metrics which we will use to measure our performance in future. These include a number of measures that cover financial performance, customer recommendation and employee engagement.
In financial terms, we are aiming for a return on equity in a range over the investment cycle of 15-19 per cent; a cost efficiency ratio in the range of 48-52 per cent; Tier 1 capital under the Basel II framework of 7.5-9.0 per cent; and total shareholder return in the top half of that achieved by our peers.
Financial measures are important but not sufficient: it is our people and our relationship with customers that will drive our business and ultimately determine our success. For the first time, in 2007, 290,000 HSBC colleagues completed our new global people survey, allowing us to benchmark ourselves and, over time, raise our game. Similarly, we have established customer engagement metrics which enable us to measure and improve our service to them. We have set ourselves challenging targets to increase both employee and customer engagement.
They will help us build on our position as the world s number one global 
Changes to your Board Independent oversight of our company and of the execution of strategy is the responsibility of one of the most experienced and international Boards in the world. I am delighted that we will benefit from international business leaders of the calibre of Jos Luis Durn and Sam Laidlaw, who joined the Board as independent non-executive Directors on 1 January 2008. We also welcome two other global business leaders, Safra Catz and Narayana Murthy, who will join as independent non-executive Directors on 1 May 2008.
The Board will be further strengthened by the appointment of three executive directors: Vincent Cheng, effective 1 February 2008; and Sandy Flockhart and Stuart Gulliver, who will join the Board, effective 1 May 2008. These are three of our most talented and experienced executives all emerging market specialists.
Baroness Dunn, Sir Brian Moffat and Lord Butler will retire as non- executive Directors at HSBC s Annual General Meeting on 30 May 2008 and will not seek re-election. I should like to pay tribute to their tremendous contribution to HSBC. We have been privileged to enjoy their counsel and stewardship for so many years.
HSBC s core strength in uncertain times The outlook for the rest of 2008 is uncertain. The economic slowdown and the credit outlook in the US may well get worse before they get better. With significant parts of the international financial system in developed markets still in difficulty, HSBC s emphasis on faster growing emerging markets means that we are better positioned than many of our competitors.
Emerging markets have only partly decoupled from the US. Hence, while these economies are exhibiting more domestic momentum, they will not be entirely immune from the impact of a US slowdown. However, the major long-term trends are still intact. Emerging markets will continue to outperform mature economies; and world growth, even in this year of relative weakness for the US economy, will be reasonable albeit slower than in 2007. Meanwhile, trade and investment patterns will continue to evolve to reflect a more interconnected world, notwithstanding some signs of protectionist sentiment in several key mature markets. In particular, we will see further strategic investments from emerging markets into mature markets, as well as into other emerging markets, a trend from which we are well placed to benefit.
2008 is likely to be a year of caution in the financial sector until liquidity, transparency and the proper pricing of risk return to financial markets.
We expect to be able to improve margins on the use of our capital and we will continue to invest in building market presence at a time when others with weaker capital positions are constrained.
The fundamentals of HSBC are very strong. The deleveraging of the financial system clearly plays to HSBC s strengths, given our conservative balance sheet and international presence. There can be few banks in the world that are better positioned to withstand market turbulence and grasp strategic opportunities. We will continue to focus HSBC on the parts of the global economy that promise the best prospects for higher growth over the long term. We will continue to invest for profitable growth in line with our strategy, and we will do so while maintaining HSBC s financial strength, which is at the heart of our success.

