PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2013 amounted to HK$35,260 million (2012 (restated) HK$32,036 million).
Earnings per share were HK$15.22 (2012 HK$13.83).

The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.90 per share in respect of 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company at the close of business on 22nd May, 2014. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.58 per share gives a total of HK$3.48 per share for the year (2012 HK$3.16 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 5th June, 2014 following approval at the 2014 Annual General Meeting.

2013 in Review 
In 2013, the U.S. economy continued to improve gradually and signs of stability emerged across major economies in the Eurozone area. Nevertheless, the operating environment remained difficult as uncertainties persist in the global marketplace.

2013 was a challenging year. While the Group s presale of property in Hong Kong did not meet projections, our established globally diversified businesses have supported the positive growth of our overall Group. For the year ended 31st December, 2013, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$19,716 million, 3% higher than that reported last year.

The property sales in Hong Kong in 2013 were much lower than that recorded in the previous year. However, contributions from property sales in markets outside of Hong Kong, including the Mainland, have increased. Contributions from both property rental and hotels and serviced suites have also increased, and the growth in contribution from the infrastructure business was in line with expectations. These factors, coupled with the increased contributions from investments and finance as well as the one-off gain from the disposal of the Kingswood Ginza property in Tin Shui Wai, have contributed to the Group s positive results for 2013.

In 2013, the Group registered fewer property sales in Hong Kong as compared to last year, primarily due to the prolonged completion process of developments, with the profit contribution from more developments now expected to be accounted for in 2014. Costs associated with property development including, but not limited to, construction costs, interest and operating expenses, are expected to rise continuously over the development cycle which often spans a period of five years or more. Property trading activities in Hong Kong remained subdued in 2013. It is expected that market conditions will continue to be subject to the development of housing policies, and our strategy is to be responsive to these developments.

The Group performed favourably in markets outside of Hong Kong, particularly on the Mainland where we are benefiting from the solid advancement of our property business. During the year under review, turnover of property sales on the Mainland contributed significantly to the Group s profit from the property business as a whole. The Group will continue to develop its presence in Hong Kong, the Mainland and beyond to balance its sources of revenue.

Our focus on business diversification has resulted in investments being made in the overseas infrastructure sector to generate quality recurring profit contributions. In addition to its stake in two businesses in the United Kingdom Northumbrian Water Group Limited, a regulated water and sewerage company, and Wales & West Utilities Limited ( Wales & West Utilities ), a regulated gas distribution network, the Group has extended its infrastructure portfolio by participating in the acquisition of AVR-Afvalverwerking B.V. ( AVR ), the largest energy-from-waste player in the Netherlands. This acquisition, which was completed in August 2013, represents an attractive diversification of our business portfolio into the waste management industry, and is a solid investment which has generated immediate recurring cash flow with secure and stable returns. The Group will continue to pursue global investments in new business sectors to strengthen further its sound business and earnings base.
Listed Affiliated Companies The Group continued to benefit from the global opportunities arising from its strategic investments in listed affiliated companies, particularly through the Hutchison Whampoa Group s diversified portfolio of global businesses. In 2013, businesses in markets beyond Hong Kong continued to perform solidly and deliver satisfactory results to the Group and its listed affiliated companies.

The Hutchison Whampoa Group In 2013, the Hutchison Whampoa Group achieved solid earnings growth. Despite operating in some challenging markets around the world, overall its businesses in 52 countries continue to deliver solid performances. Barring unforeseen material adverse external developments, the Hutchison Whampoa Group is expected to continue to achieve growth in 2014.

In 2013, Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) achieved another record performance.
This was bolstered by strong organic growth from its existing businesses as well as contributions from recent acquisitions, namely Wales & West Utilities in the United Kingdom, Enviro Waste Services Limited in New Zealand and AVR in the Netherlands. With a strong financial platform, CKI will continue to study and pursue attractive projects that will enhance shareholder value, while as always, it will remain steadfast in adhering to its prudent investment criteria.

Power Assets Holdings Limited ( Power Assets ) reported a sound performance in 2013, primarily boosted by the continued growth of its businesses outside of Hong Kong. Its Hong Kong operations remained stable and continued to provide steady cashflow. Power Assets unlocked the value of its Hong Kong business by listing its Hong Kong electricity operations on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong in January 2014. Following this spin-off, Power Assets maintains a 49.9% stake in the Hong Kong electricity business. Power Assets is set to continue to pursue investment opportunities in energy-related projects around the world based on its strong financial position.

CK Life Sciences CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) performed well in 2013. CK Life Sciences existing business operations have provided a steady revenue stream, generating necessary funding for the development of its R&D activities, while contributing profit for its shareholders. In addition to pursuing organic growth, continued efforts will be made to expand CK Life Sciences business by prudently seeking suitable investment opportunities that can add value to its existing portfolio.

Looking into 2014, U.S. monetary policy will continue to have an effect on the global economy, but major indicators are pointing to a more solid economic recovery. European countries are also showing signs of an upturn. While the U.S. government has begun tapering asset purchases, the global impact is expected to be less significant than previously predicted given that its pace is likely to be modest and the low interest rate environment is likely to continue.

China s real GDP growth for 2013 was 7.7%. This indicates that China is on track to achieve the stated target of doubling its GDP between 2010 and 2020, the only nation registering such a remarkable growth rate among major economies. Acceleration in economic reform, as part of the broad-based and extensive reform measures initiated by the Central Government, will be key drivers in promoting China s healthy, sustainable growth.

The Cheung Kong Group has businesses in 52 countries around the globe. Investment decisions are made based on the long-term best interests of our shareholders. In determining the scale of our businesses in the various regions or countries in which we operate, we take into consideration the prevailing economic, political and operating environment, and tune our operations accordingly.
With operating and financial prudence being our guiding principle, we have maintained a low debt ratio to ensure financial stability and sustainability. Looking ahead, the Cheung Kong Group is well placed to capitalise on investment opportunities in Hong Kong and beyond on the back of its sound foundations and financial capability. We are cautiously optimistic about our overall global business 
Intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees are the Group s most valuable asset in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
Hong Kong, 28th February, 2014 
