Chairman's Statement
CLP's vision is to be a leading
investor-operator in the Asia-Pacific
electricity power sector. We aim to
build on and exploit the skills
and reputation which the Company
has established over the past
century — initially in Hong Kong
and, in more recent years, in the
Chinese mainland and the wider
Asia-Pacific region.
In turning this vision into reality, our mission is to benefit
all our key stakeholders through the:—
•  Enhancement of shareholder value;
Delivery of world-class products and services of
good value to our customers;
Provision of a safe, healthy and fulfilling working
environment for our employees;
Contribution we can make to the economic and
social development of the communities in which
we operate; and
Responsible management of the environmental
impact of all our operations and projects.
Behind this mission, lies a longstanding corporate culture
of integrity, fair dealing and sound financial
management. Recent events in the global corporate
world have illustrated the constant importance of high
standards of corporate governance, ethical behaviour
and accounting discipline.  In  this year's Annual Report,
we have sought to explain our financial and business
performance and to demonstrate that CLP cares how our
results are achieved, not just that they are achieved. Your
Board believes that this is essential to making CLP an
investment of choice for shareholders and a partner of
choice for all our stakeholders, whether these be our
customers, employees or business partners, and to
confirming our standing as a valued corporate citizen in
all the communities in which we operate.
This year's results reflect the careful stewardship of the
Company's affairs by the Board and Management and
the collective and dedicated efforts of all our staff. We
will continue to work with diligence and prudence to
deliver sustainable value for our shareholders, and to
justify the trust and confidence that all our stakeholders
place in CLP.
The Hon. Michael D. Kadoorie
Hong Kong,  24  February 2003