Chairman’s
Statement
Hong Kong’s economy rebounded strongly in 2010
with a robust 6.8% growth rate. Vibrant business
activities resumed and tourist arrivals rose by 10%
to a record high of more than 36 million. Among
those arrivals, over 62% were from Mainland China,
demonstrating the strength of the economic tie Hong
Kong has with the vast hinterland. 
Since the “open door” policy started in 1978, Hong
Kong has benefi tted much from Mainland China. Its
role has evolved over the decades, from being a
direct investor when Hong Kong’s industries migrated
to Guangdong to benefi t from the low cost base,
to becoming a servicing and fi nancing platform for
China. Today, as a major international fi nancial hub,
Hong Kong is the most attractive offshore platform
for Chinese companies for commercial and fi nancial
activities, as well as an entrance platform for
international companies investing into China.
The entrepreneurial spirit of Hong Kong companies
and their ability to adapt to changing environment
has contributed much to this success. In addition, the
vital ingredients that Hong Kong possesses, including
its free port, low and simple taxation regime, visible
yet disciplined supervisory and regulatory system,
have remained over these years and have nurtured
an orderly, yet laissez-faire environment in which
businesses to thrive. It is these factors that make
Hong Kong a ‘showcase’ for China.
Economic development in China in 2010 continued
with a 10.3% growth. The focus for growth is shifting
to the stimulation of domestic consumption, as
the country enters its next 30 years of economic
development. The high-speed rail network, with
its 4x4, NS–EW grid, will connect the country,
accelerating urbanisation and dispersing wealth
across the population. In addition to Beijing and
Shanghai, mega cities and various metropolitan
regions will emerge around China to house the
booming middle class. This will generate economic
maturity and sustainability for the Mainland.
Business Performance
The Group reported a record performance in 2010 on
the strength of the property segments in both Hong
Kong and the Mainland. Group profi t increased by
86% to HK$35.8 billion. 
Harbour City and Times Square in Hong Kong posted
a 9% increase in recurring profi t to HK$5.8 billion.
They continued to command an unmatched 8.5%
share of Hong Kong’s total retail sales in 2010,
refl ecting the Group’s leadership in retail property
management. Harbour City’s market value rose to
HK$80 billion (excluding hotels) and Times Square’s
to HK$30 billion, underpinned by the CAGR in rental
income of 12% and 9% respectively since 2003.
The Group’s strategy to increase its Mainland assets
to 50% of Group assets is progressing well, with
34% of the business assets on its balance sheet
already in China at the end of 2010. The land bank
was increased to 12 million square metres in early
2011, moving closer to the interim target of 15 million
square metres. The land bank was accumulated at a
cost of RMB61 billion, of which RMB15 billion is not
yet due for payment.
The recurrent rental base in China was boosted by
the completion of Shanghai Wheelock Square in
2010. This 270-metre offi ce tower, the tallest building
in Puxi, was valued at HK$6.2 billion compared with
its original cost of HK$2.9 billion. The recurrent
income base will be multiplied when the pipeline of
International Finance Centre (IFC) developments in
the cities of Chengdu, Chongqing, Wuxi, Suzhou and
Changsha gradually rolls out between 2013 and 2016
to add about two million square metres.
Property sales in China are gathering pace. Nearly
540,000 square metres of properties were sold
or presold in 2010 to generate attributable sales
proceeds of RMB8.8 billion. Budgeted sales for
2011 is RMB14 billion, with actual sales in the fi rst
two months of the year meeting budget. While the
current market is somewhat uncertain and may
affect achievement of the full year budget, we remain
confi dent about the underlying strength of the
market in the medium term.
The drive to create a strong and sustainable localised
management team in China continues, as the Group
believes local execution knowhow and intelligence
network ensure swift and accurate response to
market changes. The fully localised China East team
has already produced many successful project sales
in 2010.
Financial Results
Group turnover for 2010 increased by 10% to HK$19.4
billion on account of strong recurrent rental income
and China property sales. Operating profi t increased
by 10% to HK$9.4 billion.
Profi t attributable to Shareholders excluding net
investment property revaluation surplus increased
marginally to HK$7.9 billion. Including the net
unrealised surplus from the revaluation of investment
properties, profi t attributable to Shareholders rose
by 86% to HK$35.8 billion. Earnings per share were
HK$12.98.
Underpinned by sustainable higher rentals, valuation
of the Group’s investment property portfolio
increased by 26% to HK$148 billion at the end of
2010. Gearing was 19.2%. Including Properties, Hotels
and Logistics, 34% of the Group’s business assets
were Renminbi-based as at the year end.
Book net asset value as at 31 December 2010
increased to HK$59.22 per share. This refl ects
primarily only the revaluation of the Group’s
investment properties and listed investments.
To enhance the capital base for the rising business
activities, the Group raised HK$10 billion through a
rights issue in March 2011, which was 671% oversubscribed.
This provides funding fl exibility for the
Group’s China expansion, including the recently
acquired Changsha IFC site, which will be a RMB15
billion project.
The Board is recommending a fi nal dividend of 64
cents per share to bring the total dividend for the
year to HK$1.00 per share.
Outlook
Outlook for Hong Kong is positive, with the
government predicting a 4%-5% GDP growth in 2011.
Trade growth, strong domestic consumptions and
tourist arrivals will propel Hong Kong forward. 
While there remains external uncertainties,
Hong Kong will continue to benefi t from the
favourable policies implemented by the Central
Government. The main theme of the 12th FiveYear
Plan is to rapidly change China’s economic
growth model. Initiatives to drive domestic
demand, increase the service industry content
of GDP by four percentage points, and speed up
urbanisation are positive policy initiatives that
will provide advantageous opportunities for Hong
Kong companies. Further development of offshore
Renminbi products in Hong Kong will solidify its
status as the offshore centre for RMB.
China is already the world’s second largest economy
after decades of blistering growth. Macro policies
being rolled out indicate the government’s desire
to spread the growth across the country for long
term sustainable development. The high-speed rail
grid will consolidate, link up and optimise the cities
and the markets, and develop an integrated and
modern China. While there are internal and external
challenges, the Group remains enthusiastic about the
fundamentals of the Mainland economy.
2011 marks the 125th anniversary for Wharf. While we
are proud of our past achievements, we look forward
passionately to accelerating our strategic initiative
of “Building for Tomorrow” in Mainland China and
enhancing our corporate social responsibility effort
through the drive of “Business-in-Community” for a
better Hong Kong.
On behalf of Shareholders and my fellow Directors, I
wish to express our heartfelt appreciation to all Staff
for their dedication and contribution throughout the
year.
Peter K C Woo
Chairman
Hong Kong
23 March 2011
