Group Chairman s Statement Overall, 2003 was a good year for HSBC. Our record results show the diversity of our business against a backdrop of improvement in most of the world s major economies. They reflect the trust which more than 110 million customers we serve around the world place in us for their various financial needs.
Our performance also benefited from a strong contribution from recent acquisitions, an expanded geographical reach and our continuing investment in new products and services, in systems, and in our people. The dedication and talents of my colleagues throughout HSBC are amongst our greatest 
Profit attributable to shareholders excluding the amortisation of goodwill, which is the measurement we believe best reveals our true performance, exceeded US$10 billion for the first time.
On a per share basis, earnings attributable to shareholders amounted to US$0.99 before goodwill amortisation, an increase of 30 per cent. The Board has approved a third interim dividend of US$0.24, taking the total dividend for the year to US$0.60, an increase of 13 per cent over 2002.
2003 saw the completion of our five-year strategy, Managing for Value . When we announced the strategy, we wrote in HSBC s Annual Report for 1998 that we had the governing objective of beating the total shareholder return (TSR) defined as the increase in share price with dividends reinvested of a peer group of financial institutions. We also announced the objective of doubling TSR in the five- 
We achieved both our objectives, significantly outperforming the benchmark peer group. In the process, we became the tenth-largest corporation in 
If, at the beginning of our strategic plan you had bought HSBC shares, every 100 invested would have grown to 211 by the end of the five-year period. By comparison, 100 invested in the peer group would be worth 126. HSBC shares also outperformed the FTSE 100 (87), the Hang Seng Index (133) and the 
We have now begun our new five-year strategic plan which we call Managing for Growth . A consistent theme in all our strategic thinking at HSBC is the need to identify, and to participate in, the economies which we believe have the best potential. We then look for the most valuable customers in those 
HSBC s 25-year world view is that the areas with the highest propensity for growth are an America-led NAFTA; China, India and their diasporas; and the Hispanic communities in the Americas. We are shaping our business accordingly and, during 2003, we were particularly pleased to develop further our business in the People s Republic of China, which we see as a vital economy both to HSBC and to the world at large.
Two of our principal strategic tasks during 2003 were integrating Household International and HSBC Mexico (formerly GFBital) successfully into HSBC after they joined our Group in early 2003 and late 2002, respectively. In both cases, the progress has exceeded our expectations. We have achieved synergies and overall results ahead of our original business cases. Highlights of the integration of both companies are included in Stephen Green s review on pages 11 to 22.
In February, HSBC completed the acquisition of the Bank of Bermuda, valued at US$1.3 billion. This provides HSBC with a strong position in the local banking market in Bermuda. And it significantly enhances the scale and geographical spread of the Group s existing international fund administration, private banking, trustee, and payments and cash 
Our 2003 results and, indeed, the achievement of our TSR targets, owe much to the improved geographical distribution of profits that has characterised HSBC s progress in recent years. Our diversification has been all the more important given that, for almost all the life of Managing for Value , the Hong Kong SAR was undergoing deflation. For much of our history, Hong Kong was our single largest market and, as recently as 1998, accounted for 37 per cent of pre-tax profits. In 2003, Hong Kong s share of pre-tax profits was 26 per cent. That said, the resilience and flexibility of our business there has been impressive and our team has managed our business through this difficult period with extraordinary skill, achieving a profit growth which, although modest, is remarkable in the circumstances.
Happily, the economic outlook for Hong Kong is now improving. Hong Kong enjoys a unique position in the Asia-Pacific region. Our confidence in its long- term prospects remain undiminished and our new strategic plan specifically calls for continued investment in Hong Kong.
You can read about other components of our strategy in Stephen s review.

We live in a world where there is more change and, perhaps, more awareness of economic imbalances than at any recent time in my career. Our experience also shows that some risks have human costs as well as financial ones. Nowhere was this more tragically demonstrated than in Istanbul, Turkey when, in November, HSBC s headquarters were bombed.
Three members of HSBC staff died and 43 were injured. I know I speak on behalf of everyone at HSBC in offering my deepest sympathies to the families of those who lost their lives and those who were injured. Our thoughts remain with them.
In the immediate aftermath, HSBC launched a US$1 million staff welfare fund to help the families of staff who were bereaved. We also established a community relief scheme to help local businesses which were devastated by the bomb blasts. I commend my colleagues in Istanbul for their extraordinary courage and dedication in quickly resuming service for our customers.
Indeed, everywhere I go I am impressed by my colleagues dedication and talent. Let me give you a happier example. In Hong Kong, HSBC won the Customer Service Grand Award organised by the Hong Kong Retail Management Association, open to all service sector companies, not just banks. And one of many examples of outstanding service cited was that of Ella Young of our Exchange Square branch.
Ella helped one of our customers undergo a successful liver transplant by visiting the hospital in person, out of office hours, to collect an authorisation to release documents needed by the hospital and held in our branch s safe deposit box. With colleagues like this, our customers are in good hands.
Reputation and Responsibility So too is our reputation, which ultimately derives from the way we behave. Over the long term, you cannot sustain a brand based on trust and integrity without living those values. HSBC s approach to corporate social responsibility, including philanthropy, is therefore an important part of our thinking.
We continue to place a high priority on being a responsible participant in the societies in which we operate, but we always remember that we are managing our shareholders hard-earned savings and that we have a duty to provide a reasonable long-term return for them.
We also have a responsibility to give our customers fair, honest and transparent products and excellent service. And we recognise that this is only possible with the right people serving our customers.
Our new strategy explicitly focuses on attracting, developing and motivating employees by rewarding their success. I am pleased that, during 2003, over 56,000 employees from more than 50 countries and territories applied for savings-related share options, with the greatest interest shown in the UK, the United States and Hong Kong. Performance-related share options were awarded to over 41,000 employees worldwide at all levels of the organisation. We estimate that, at year-end 2003, our employees had an interest in HSBC shares through employee share plans equivalent to about 4.5 per cent of the Group s issued share capital.
We also have further responsibilities to the wider society, which we acknowledge and take seriously. In June, we published HSBC s policy on environmental risk, which is available at hsbc.com.
In September, we adopted the Equator Principles to help the Group assess the environmental and social impact of commercial lending proposals. The Equator Principles are a set of voluntary guidelines developed by major international banks that establish a common framework to address the environmental and social issues that arise in financing projects and ensure that they are realised according to sound environmental 
In November, we announced the appointment of Francis Sullivan, previously Director of Conservation at WWF-UK, as Adviser on the Environment.
Francis has joined HSBC on secondment. In his new role, he provides practical advice and technical expertise across the whole range of HSBC s direct and indirect impacts on the environment.
Dame Mary Richardson continued to lead the HSBC Education Trust with distinction. We continued our programmes of support for education around the world, focusing on helping those who are disadvantaged. You can read more about the work we do in education and the environment in our publication HSBC in Society: Corporate Social Responsibility Report 2003, which accompanies this Annual Review.
As this work is so important to us, we have established a Corporate Social Responsibility Board committee, chaired by Lord Butler, which held its first meeting in February 2004. The Committee is responsible for overseeing HSBC s corporate social responsibility and sustainability policies principally environmental, social and ethical matters and for advising the Board and executive management on such matters. The other members of the Committee are William Fung, Sharon Hintze, Carole Taylor, all of whom are independent non- executive Directors, and co-opted members Baroness Brigstocke, Gerry Davis and Lord May.

The composition and performance of boards is receiving considerable attention, and rightly so.
HSBC attaches the greatest importance to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance, and to complying with the letter, and the spirit, of regulations and codes around the world.
Your Board comprises eight executive Directors and 14 non-executive Directors. It is one of the most international boards in the world. And, in my view, the blend of knowledge and experience that our Directors bring to HSBC puts it among the best 
In 2003, we commissioned MWM Consulting to undertake an independent performance evaluation of the Board and its committees. This evaluation covered board structure, dynamics, capabilities and processes; corporate governance; strategic clarity and alignment; and the performance of individual directors. Each Director and certain senior managers were interviewed individually by the consultants as part of this process and the assessment report has been reviewed by the Board. The rigour of this process and MWM Consulting s conclusions have given us an independent and robust quality assurance of the Board and of our corporate governance practices and procedures.
Your Directors bring experience of different geographies, different industries and different aspects of commerce, which is very important to a financial services institution with clients in almost every area of business. Collectively, they have worked in 
Board members meet investors at least once a year and they also talk to our customers and our colleagues, most recently during a Board visit to Mexico. Your management is very grateful for their advice and support.
As I wrote last year, Keith Whitson retired as Group Chief Executive after 42 years service; Stephen Green succeeded him. Following the acquisition of Household, Bill Aldinger was appointed to the Board on 25 April.
Lord Marshall will retire as a non-executive Director at this year s Annual General Meeting.
I thank him for the valuable service and wise counsel he has given to HSBC and, previously, to 
Bill Dalton will also retire at the Annual General Meeting after 24 years of outstanding service to HSBC. As a leader, Bill has been an inspiration to colleagues in the banks he has run on both sides of 
Charles de Croisset retired from HSBC in February. Under his stewardship, CCF became one of the most respected banks in France. And it was his vision that brought CCF successfully into HSBC to the benefit of both organisations. We shall miss 
With effect from 1 March 2004,Michael Geoghegan has been appointed an executive Director and Rona Fairhead an independent non-executive Director.

Turning to 2004, we have already seen growth in consumer spending and borrowing; in increased merger and acquisition activity; and a modest resumption of growth in demand for equity investment products. We see improving prospects for economic growth and private sector employment, particularly in the United States and in Hong Kong.
In emerging markets, such as Brazil, Mexico and the ASEAN countries, relatively stable currencies and historically low interest rates are promoting consumer activity, fuelling domestic growth and reducing export dependence.
However, we remain very conscious of the changing nature of the global economy and the speed of change. China plays an increasingly important role, not just through its export growth, but also as the fastest growing market for commodity-producing countries, as well as for the developed countries which are supplying the technology, equipment and services to support its economic expansion.
Nor do we underestimate the impact on sentiment and consumer spending of globally strong property prices, which continue to rise faster than underlying wage growth in many developed markets. While such rises are understandable in the context of low interest rates and limited appetite for alternative investment opportunities, in the long run property prices have to be linked to income growth.
The picture, therefore, is one of improving sentiment and stronger growth prospects in the near term, but with the potential risk that structural imbalances might lead to economic weakness, or 
Against this backdrop, we are concentrating on building our businesses steadily. We expect to see lending to consumers around the world rise as a proportion of our total lending, with the emphasis on real estate secured lending.
We also expect to see business in the United States grow in importance to HSBC as we fulfil the potential of the Household acquisition and as the US economy shows its flexibility and responds to the lower value of its currency.
We look forward to the future with confidence.
We are second to none in terms of geographical and product diversification. We believe that Mexico, India, Brazil as well as China will become increasingly important to the global economy. We also believe many of the world s largest companies see the same opportunities as we do, and therefore we will use HSBC s position as the world s local bank to serve their needs.
We have built a capital strength that allows us to develop our businesses wherever we see opportunities. Alternatively, such strength gives us resilience if economic conditions deteriorate.
We have an excellent customer base with opportunities across the board: in Personal Financial Services, in Commercial Banking where we believe we have the largest international middle-market franchise in the world; and in Corporate, Investment Banking and Markets. We have a talented workforce and we have a commitment to do business only when it is in the interests of our customers and in line with our wider responsibilities to the communities we serve.
In so doing, we protect and strengthen the value of the HSBC brand and this lies at the heart of our ability to create value for our shareholders who have entrusted to us, directly or indirectly, an important element of their long-term savings and pensions 
