Innovation has been central to our growth strategy, and will provide us with new dynamics for development. As a visionary and market responsive conglomerate, the Cheung Kong Group will drive higher shareholder returns by continuing to take an innovative approach across all aspects of our business, strengthening our asset base, and thereby building a stronger platform for global expansion.
PROFIT FOR THE YEAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2007 amounted to HK$27,678 million (2006 HK$18,075 million).
Earnings per share were HK$11.95 (2006 HK$7.80).

The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.95 per share in respect of 2007, to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 22nd May, 2008. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share gives a total of HK$2.45 per share for the year (2006 HK$2.20 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 27th May, 2008 following approval at the Annual General Meeting.

The Group maintained strong growth momentum in 2007 by accomplishing key operating objectives and delivered a very solid performance. These achievements were in line with our strategy of growth through a combination of innovation and by building on our solid fundamentals quality assets, healthy balance sheet and strong 
2007 was another year of solid performance for the Group, with good progress achieved across various core businesses. With enormous potential for growth, our property business in Hong Kong, the Mainland and overseas markets progressed well as scheduled, and delivered solid, consistent growth in profits. For the year ended 31st December, 2007, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$12,390 million, an increase of 54% over the previous 
Strong Organic Growth Our continued focus on our core property business has resulted in strong organic growth. Solid progress was made in all aspects of operation, covering land acquisition, project management, project design, development and marketing.

Hong Kong Operations Hong Kong s economy remained positive in 2007 although there were increased fluctuations in the local financial market due to a more uncertain global credit environment and the possible slowdown of the U.S. economy. GDP grew by 6.3% in real terms primarily supported by the prevailing strength in domestic demand and consumption. Despite the upward pressure on inflation due to surging prices in food, energy and commodities, private consumption spending continued to expand against the backdrop of a low level of unemployment and rising household 
The local property market turned in a strong performance in 2007 as compared to 2006. Falling interest rates, rising affordability, and healthy economic growth combined to support a steady volume of property transactions at attractive prices. Looking ahead in 2008, we expect the inflationary trend and the cycle of interest rate cuts to continue, and the effect of a negative real interest rate environment will provide further stimuli to the overall market demand and sentiment.

Our commitment to innovative, high-quality, customer-oriented service resulted in performance gains and growth in sales of properties. The key to driving high growth is focusing on developing diversified, high-quality projects to meet emerging market trends and needs. Our future schedule of new projects will continue to add quality assets that will strengthen further our quality portfolio of 
Active acquisition of prime sites at reasonable costs continues to be a key pillar of our development strategy. We will continue to respond rapidly and flexibly to land acquisition opportunities by utilising our market strengths and financial resources effectively. With an abundant, high-quality land reserve, the Group is well placed to provide a steady supply of diversified properties over the next five or 
Solid performance was recorded by the Group s property rental portfolio, particularly in the prime office sector which was supported by strong demand from local and overseas financial institutions.
We will continue to strengthen our recurrent earnings base by investing in premier quality assets and effectively managing each of our rental properties to increase cash flows and maximise return 
The Mainland and Overseas Markets 2007 was another year of solid achievements for our projects in attractive growth markets outside Hong Kong. A steady pace of growth was maintained in our property business in the Mainland by following a growth-oriented and low-risk approach to investment, and pursuing operational excellence to make us a high performance company. Various projects are progressing well as planned, and our positive results in land bank expansion will position us for excellent growth opportunities in this fast growing market. We are well placed to benefit from the profit contribution to be provided by the operations in the Mainland.

In Singapore and the United Kingdom, our projects continued to deliver solid results, and good progress was made in enhancing geographic diversification. The Group will continue with its aggressive pursuit to fully capitalise on overseas investment opportunities through accelerated growth plans aimed at enhancing our market position.

Synergies with Listed Affiliated Companies Our strategic investment in listed affiliated companies provides us with synergies for continued growth and success. All of these companies reported positive performances in 2007.

The Hutchison Whampoa Group Both the established businesses and the 3 Group recorded healthy growth and improved results in 2007. The 3 Group achieved cash flow positive EBITDA after all customer acquisition costs for both the second half of the year and as a result for the full year 2007. With a strong financial foundation and the positive results reported for 2007, we have every confidence in the growth prospects for the Hutchison Whampoa Group. The 3 Group will turn a new page in 2008 on a path targeting to achieve positive monthly EBIT on a sustainable basis in the second half of 2008 and full year positive EBIT in 2009.
Report of the Chairman and the Managing Director (continued) 
12 CHEUNG KONG (HOLDINGS) LIMITED 
CKI Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) reached new heights in 2007 with strong operating performance in all businesses. Several new projects were concluded in the year adding to the robust portfolio of business CKI has built up over the years. The strong recurring cash flow generated from its regulated businesses underpins CKI s long-term stability, while contributions from its global portfolio continue to grow. The prospects for CKI s infrastructure investments are bright, with the pace of organic growth experienced to date expected to continue.

Hongkong Electric 2007 saw Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited ( Hongkong Electric ) progress its businesses both in Hong Kong and internationally. In early January 2008 a new Scheme of Control Agreement ( SCA ) for its Hong Kong electricity business was signed. The new SCA is for ten years commencing 1st January, 2009 with a Government option to extend the SCA for a further term of 5 years, and provides for a fixed permitted return on average net fixed assets. Following the signing of the SCA, much of the recent uncertainty surrounding the electricity industry in Hong Kong has been removed, and shareholders will benefit from the certainty and stability of a long-term regulatory 
CK Life Sciences CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) made steady progress in 2007. Its performance was characterised by a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and R&D progress. The recent acquisition of Lipa Pharmaceuticals Limited, a leading Australian contract manufacturer of complementary healthcare and over-the-counter medicines, and Accensi Pty Ltd, the largest independent toll manufacturer of crop protection products in Australia, will expand the scale and scope of CK Life Sciences health and agriculture-related businesses and will contribute to the performance in the coming year. CK Life Sciences will also continue to advance its existing business by seeking new opportunities for organic growth and acquisition.
The Group will continue to create and enhance sustainable shareholder value by maximising return on investment. Various strategic initiatives will be taken to position the Group for new value-added opportunities, and to drive solid, sustainable growth in the future.

Looking ahead in 2008, the U.S. economy is likely to experience greater turbulence due to the fallout from the subprime predicament and the continuing weakness of the residential property market. There is a likelihood of further U.S. interest rate reductions, and oil prices remain at high levels. The trend of a weaker U.S. dollar against other currencies is expected to continue. Impacts from the slowing of the U.S. economy will be widespread, and other countries and regions will inevitably be affected by different extents. In the Mainland, economic growth has moderated following its continuing structural reforms and macroeconomic measures. This is conducive to the healthy development of overall economic well-being in the long run, and positive growth trends are expected to continue given the Mainland s good economic fundamentals and huge market potential. On the back of the Mainland s sustained economic growth, plentiful opportunities will present themselves and Hong Kong s economy will continue to prosper.

The Cheung Kong Group now has operations in 56 countries and continues to grow. Innovation has been central to our growth strategy, and will provide us with new dynamics for development.
As a visionary and market responsive conglomerate, the Cheung Kong Group will drive higher shareholder returns by continuing to take an innovative approach across all aspects of our business, strengthening our asset base, and thereby building a stronger platform for global expansion. With strong fundamentals and sound financial strengths, we firmly believe we are capable of meeting the external pressures and challenges amid the more uncertain global economic landscape in 2008, and will capitalise on the many opportunities arising from the Mainland s growth. Given the optimistic long-term economic outlook in the Mainland and Hong Kong, we are confident of the growth prospects for the Cheung Kong Group.

In this extremely competitive global environment, we are proud to have intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees, the Group s most valuable asset. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
