Chairman s Statement We take a long-term view, whilst delivering shareholder value year 
The Hon. Sir Michael Kadoorie The electricity business, by its very nature, is a long-term one. It involves large scale capital investment in assets whose economic life may span several decades, in some instances, up to 60 years and beyond. Taking a long-term view, whilst working to ensure the delivery of value to our shareholders year after year, requires CLP to be alert to emerging regulatory, technological, social and environmental trends affecting our industry, to form the best view we can on the challenges and opportunities which they present for our business and to tackle these challenges and exploit these opportunities in the most effective manner we can.
In this Chairman s Statement, I wish to discuss some of the issues which I believe will have a particular influence on the direction of the CLP Group in the coming years.
The Regulation of our Hong Kong Electricity Business During 2007, our Hong Kong electricity business contributed 72% of the CLP Group s total earnings. This is not an isolated occurrence during the past decade, the percentage of Group earnings from the Hong Kong electricity business averaged 74%.
This illustrates the central importance of this business, and the manner of its regulation by the Hong Kong SAR Government, to the financial position and long-term development of the CLP Group.
As shareholders will know, since 1964 this business has been regulated by Government on the basis of a series of SoC agreements, the current one of which will expire in September 2008. During 2007, there were considerable discussions between CLP and Government on the terms of a new SoC, to come into effect on 1 October 2008. These discussions concluded with an agreement announced on 7 January 2008. This will be for a 10-year term with the possibility of a five-year extension. The permitted return is to be reduced from the present level of 13.5% (for investments funded by borrowings) and 15% (for investments financed by shareholders funds) to a single rate of 9.99%.
Whilst the details of this agreement are more fully described in the Chief Executive Officer s (CEO s) Review, I would like to say a few words here about the implications of this agreement for the future direction of our Hong Kong electricity business.
While the significant reduction in returns is unwelcome, the new SoC does provide clarity as to the basis on which we can continue to invest in Hong Kong s electricity infrastructure for the next 10 years. However, the overwhelming majority of the new investments we make over the next decade will have an economic life reaching beyond, in some cases far beyond, the 2018 term.
For Hong Kong to continue to enjoy an excellent electricity supply into the future, Government must move forward in a structured, balanced and fair manner with the development of its long-term energy strategy, set out its expectations for Hong Kong s electricity supply and how these expectations should best be met.
We believe that the Hong Kong business will continue to contribute significantly to the Group. CLP remains committed to Hong Kong, as our home. In the meantime, the new SoC can, and must, serve as a platform to tackle the specific challenges of the decade ahead. These include " promoting the necessary investment in electricity infrastructure to meet ongoing growth in demand in Kowloon and the 
" bringing more natural gas to Hong Kong and further reducing emissions from coal-fired generation to enhance supply security and environmental performance; and " controlling tariffs, whilst maintaining supply reliability and customer service at the levels which our customers demand.
The agreement on the post-2008 regulatory regime gives CLP some confidence as to the possible returns from its business over the short to medium term. At the same time, and contrary to the present SoC agreement, the new SoC does not provide for any additional return from investments funded by shareholders, as opposed to third-party loans. As a consequence of these two factors, we shall continue to review the capital and financing structure of our Hong Kong electricity business to ensure that we maintain the right balance between the interests of our customers and the effective use of capital resources available to 
To conclude the new SoC has required a fine balance to be struck between the interests of a variety of stakeholders, with the fundamental objective of encouraging the ongoing investment necessary to maintain the world-class performance that has been achieved under the existing regulatory regime. Excellence in electricity supply means maintaining the optimum balance between supply reliability, fuel diversity, environmental performance and cost control. Under the new SoC, CLP remains committed to playing its part in achieving this. Equally, we look to Government to play its own part by administering the SoC fairly and responsibly, with due regard to shareholders legitimate interests.
Our Regional Businesses Since the mid 1990s, the CLP Group has steadily widened its activities beyond its original Hong Kong base. This has been in response to both the slowdown in growth in electricity demand in Hong Kong and to mitigate our exposure to regulatory risk in Hong Kong. I believe that this has been a correct and prudent approach.
CLP has become one of the leading external investors in the electricity sectors of the Chinese mainland, Australia, India, Thailand and Taiwan. During 2007, these investments contributed HK$3,414 million to overall CLP Group earnings. We must continue to improve the performance of these assets. We must also explore how the platforms we have already established in electricity markets across our region can be best exploited to maximise their potential to deliver shareholder value. This becomes even more important given the maturity of our Hong Kong electricity business.
That said, I do not expect that we will seek to pump up the scale and speed of our investments outside Hong Kong and certainly not if this were to be at the expense of the prudent and disciplined approach which CLP has consistently applied to new investment. For the time being, the combination of growth opportunities in the regional power sector, emerging players and cheap capital continues to generate intense competition to buy existing power assets or the rights to develop new projects. This competition has created an investment environment characterised by unduly optimistic revenue projections, acceptance of sub- optimal rates of return and inadequate pricing of risks.
Going forward there will be ample opportunities for us to invest, but we must be patient, prudent and selective the nature of our industry and the scale of capital investment which is required to make a meaningful difference to CLP s earnings demands that we look beyond the current market phase and aim to balance risks and returns over the longer term.

The responsible management of the environmental impact of our business has long been one of CLP s core values the major reductions in emissions from our generating plant in Hong Kong since 1990 are but one example of this. Whilst our environmental performance is explained in greater detail in our Sustainability Report which is issued at the same time as this Annual Report and updated regularly on the CLP website, I wish to emphasise here the strong influence which environmental considerations are having over the forward direction of the CLP Group.
We will continue to make good on our longstanding commitment to improve the environmental performance of our electricity generation activities in terms of emissions of conventional pollutants, such as SO 2 , NO x and particulates. This involves promoting the use of natural gas as a fuel and the application of innovative technologies to reduce emissions from coal-fired generation. We maintain our undertaking to incorporate SO 2 emissions reduction capability (such as flue gas desulphurisation (FGD)) into the planning of all greenfield coal-fired projects in which the CLP Group has a controlling interest. We encourage our business partners to do likewise, where we do not have a controlling interest.
In recent years climate change has held centre stage in public policy debates at national and international levels. We consider that any credible effort to reduce global CO 2 emissions, the principal contributor to global warming, must involve steps to control emissions from power generation, including in the Asia-Pacific region which will be contributing more than half of the increase in global CO 2 emissions by 2030. Responding to the threat of global warming, whilst meeting the increasing energy demand of the developing countries in our region, is a huge challenge for governments, societies and power producers. CLP s Climate Vision 2050, which we issued in December 2007, sets out CLP s contribution to the collective effort that will be required to meet this challenge.
Our Climate Vision, which is discussed in our Sustainability Report and is available on our website, commits us to a 75% reduction in the carbon intensity of CLP s generating portfolio by 2050, backed by a range of immediate and intermediate initiatives.
Realising our vision will demand a new approach to our electricity generating business.
It is possible that, in the short term, our corporate stance on the emissions performance of new generating plant may put us at a competitive disadvantage. We have seen this in India, where we have maintained our commitment to incorporate advanced pollution control equipment such as FGD into any new greenfield coal-fired generating capacity, whereas local competitors are willing to proceed without such equipment and the present India regulatory regime does not demand it. Similarly, we have stepped away from potential coal-fired projects in the region where, in our view, the carbon emissions intensity would have been unacceptable and beyond that which could be achieved with the use of more advanced technologies or different fuels. We believe that the approach we are following is the right one, as a matter of corporate values and environmental responsibility. We also believe that, over time, the early adoption of stricter environmental standards than those of our competitors can mitigate the risks from ownership of a generating portfolio characterised by high emission levels and vulnerability to tightening 
CLP s ability to meet the challenges of the years ahead, whether these arrive in the form of evolving regulation of our Hong Kong electricity business, the opportunities for growth in the Asia power sector or maintaining high standards of environmental stewardship, is enhanced by the ongoing financial strength of our business. This was illustrated by a good financial performance in 2007, which saw total earnings rise to HK$10,608 million, an increase of 7.2% compared to the previous year. Our financial performance and the underlying operating drivers are more fully explained in the CEO s Review and the following sections of the 
