STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
Last year we began with a note of caution about the
uncertain economic outlook in Hong Kong. Not helped
by the fiscal cliff concerns in the U.S. and the continued
eurozone weakness albeit some stabilization of its debt
crisis, Hong Kong concluded 2012 with only
marginal growth.
Despite the challenging environment, core businesses
of PCCW last year held up well to post solid and healthy
operational results, contributing to an overall satisfactory
financial performance for the group for 2012.
now TV continued to record higher customer number
and ARPU. Following our exclusive UEFA EURO 2012
broadcast, we are bringing back the Barclays
Premier League from the 2013/14 season. We took a
disciplined approach in bidding for the exclusive Hong
Kong broadcast rights for TV and other screens such as
mobile devices, and are confident that this would
further enhance customer growth, ARPU and
operational results.
As our self-produced and co-produced programs
gain market recognition, we have made some inroads
in our international expansion plan, with distribution
agreements already signed with several overseas TV
operators and ongoing discussions with others.
PCCW Solutions continued to benefit from the growing
adoption of cloud applications in the public and
private sectors. It enhanced its service portfolio and
substantially raised its data center capability to meet
customer demand. Coupled with its leading edge in
mission-critical IT systems including core enterprise
systems, PCCW Solutions recorded a double-digit yearon-year
growth in the value of contracts secured.
In November, PCCW Solutions acquired a banking and
finance solutions vendor in mainland China, which
has greatly increased its ability to address the dynamic
needs of customers in this segment.
HKT, which saw a significant increase in the value of its
share stapled units last year, delivered a set of results
that once again exceeded the listing forecasts. This
reflects HKT’s successful execution of its strategies,
in particular its efforts to grow the fiber broadband
business and to capture more higher-end customers, as
well as its initiatives to build the mobile business.
To reinforce recognition of our brand, HKT last year
began to rejuvenate its retail outlets and has since
opened a PCCW-HKT Flagship Shop in Kowloon and
a Signature Store in Central. The shops are ideal for
showcasing our expanding array of businesses including
the new home automation solutions service.
On property, Pacific Century Premium Developments’
last residential units in Bel-Air were sold out during the
year. The project has come to a successful ending,
marking a new development phase of the company.
In addition to focusing on our overseas projects in
Phang-nga, Thailand and Hokkaido, Japan, we strive
to identify premium property and related projects with
development potential, as well as other investment
opportunities, in Hong Kong, mainland China, Southeast
Asia and other cities around the world.
Early into 2013, the pace of economic growth in
Hong Kong continues to be hesitant, while overseas
sentiments have not significantly improved. Our strategy
is to continue to capitalize on the excellent fundamentals
of our core businesses and the momentum gained in
the past year, while cautiously reviewing
investment opportunities.
During the year, the Board appointed
Ms. Frances Waikwun Wong, Mr. Bryce Wayne Lee,
and Mr. Lars Eric Nils Rodert as independent
non-executive directors. I am confident that
all members of the Board and the PCCW team
will continue to work hard towards the objective of
maximizing the value of PCCW for shareholders.
Richard Li
Chairman
February 27, 2013