STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
I am pleased to report a set of solid financial results for
PCCW Limited for the year ended December 31, 2015.
All of our core operations made significant progress
in business development in the Group’s evolution to
become a global digital service provider.
Our pay-TV service now TV continues to maintain its
market leadership and is strengthening its Asian and
international programming, delivering more exclusive
and express content to address the needs of every
member of the family. For better viewing experience, a
new 4K ultra high definition integrated box with
now TV, OTT (over-the-top), DTT (digital terrestrial TV)
and other features will be launched shortly.
The media business has also taken efficacious steps to
execute its digital entertainment strategy, including the
launch of the Viu OTT video service brand in the last
quarter. Our OTT service is available in more than 30
languages across 12 countries.
On domestic free TV, HK Television Entertainment
Company Limited (HKTVE) has unveiled the ViuTV
brand and its refreshing programming. ViuTV targets
to begin broadcasting its Cantonese channel via DTT
frequency spectrum in April.
PCCW Solutions continued to maintain a leadership
position securing major IT contracts in both the public
and commercial sectors, driving growth by providing
seamless support and exceptional value to customers
in targeted industries through its offerings of digital and
cloud services in an expanding footprint in
Greater China and the Asia Pacific region. In particular,
it launched a comprehensive cloud solutions suite,
“Infinitum”, in Hong Kong and the Mainland during the
last quarter.
HKT reported good results on the back of its robust
broadband business despite intense competition, as well
as the operational synergies released from the mobile
business. Service innovations during the year included
NETVIGATOR’s 10Gbps broadband service and secure
mobile payment service Tap & Go.
The property business of the Group saw substantial
progress in 2015. Construction of Pacific Century
Premium Developments’ (PCPD) Premium Grade A
office building in Jakarta, Indonesia has proceeded as
planned and Citibank has committed to leasing over five
floors of the 40-storey building as its headquarters in
this important emerging economy.
In 2016, we will stay focused on continuing to provide
excellent services and products to our customers
and prudently growing our businesses in Hong Kong
and other parts of the world, in the Group’s pursuit of
becoming a key global player in this increasingly digital
era.
Richard Li
Chairman
February 26, 2016