Group Chairman s Statement 2006 was a year of change for HSBC. With a new management team leading the company, we refined the Group s strategy to take account of the forces of globalisation.
Our compelling competitive advantage is our global footprint.
Our ability to serve customers within countries, across regions and throughout the world helped us achieve record results for 2006.
We continued to extend our franchise by organic growth and by acquisition in the world s fastest growing regions, including Asia and Latin America.
We also highlight in this Annual Review the opportunities we see to grow our business further.

8 HSBC Holdings plc Annual Review 2006 HSBC has been transformed into a truly global bank, with earnings broadly distributed in Asia and the Middle East, Europe, North America and Latin America.

It is a privilege to write to you for the first time this year as your Chairman. HSBC is one of the world s largest and most respected financial institutions and I am honoured to be entrusted with the leadership of this great company. Michael Geoghegan, the former Chief Executive of our UK business, succeeded me as Group Chief Executive. Michael, a 33-year veteran of HSBC, has worked in 12 different countries and territories, and the breadth of knowledge and experience he brings to the role is a tremendous asset to the Group.
Let me run through our headline results. It is a testament to HSBC s strength and diversity that we grew pre-tax profits to US$22 billion, despite a major setback in part of our mortgage business in the United States. For the third year running, return on average shareholders funds exceeded 15 per cent, revenue growth was in double digits, and we maintained an essentially flat cost efficiency ratio, demonstrating the improvement we are achieving in our productivity. In 2006, pre- tax profits from Asia, the Middle East, Latin America and other emerging markets approached 50 per cent of the Group s total.
Our earnings continued to be well-diversified, both geographically and by customer group. Regionally Asia, including the Hong Kong SAR, had record results, as did Latin America, which combines Mexico and Central America with our South American businesses.
Within our customer groups, Commercial Banking again delivered a record performance, as did Private Banking and Corporate, Investment Banking and Markets, which made strong progress in the areas in which we have been investing in recent years. In Personal Financial Services, strong growth in Asia and Latin America was overshadowed by problems in the US mortgage business.
Profit attributable to shareholders grew by 5 per cent to US$15,789 million. This equates to earnings per share of US$1.40, a 3 per cent increase over 2005. The total dividend payout for the year will be US$0.81 per share, an increase of 11 per cent over 2005. These results are a credit to the talents of my 312,000 colleagues who have worked tirelessly to achieve our strategic goals.
Michael gives a detailed report of our operating performance in 2006 later in this Annual Review, but I would like to highlight a couple of areas.
The first is the disappointing results of one part of our business in the United States. In one unit in our Consumer Finance subsidiary, Mortgage Services, purchased sub-prime mortgages experienced much higher delinquency than had been expected.
The second area I would like to highlight is the success of the strategy of diversifying earnings we have pursued in recent years. This enabled us to achieve record profits during 2006, in spite of the increased impairment allowances in the United States. It has also radically changed the shape and size of your Group in the last 15 years. HSBC has been transformed into a truly global bank, with earnings broadly distributed in Asia and the Middle East, Europe, North America and 
This diversity is both a protection and a strength. We enjoy generally stable earnings from our mature businesses, and we benefit from the potential for rapid economic growth in many of the world s emerging markets, where demand for financial services is growing strongly.
Our unique international footprint creates significant business opportunities for us as the changing pattern of economic flows makes national boundaries less relevant, and we are positioning HSBC to take advantage of the new environment. We expect emerging economies to continue driving world economic growth so we will continue to focus our investment on fast-growing markets in Asia and Latin America, among others. Let me highlight some developments in 2006.
China, the world s most populous nation and the country in which HSBC was founded in 1865, offers extraordinary potential. As it has opened up to foreign investors, we have built our business both organically and through strategic investment in local institutions.
We are the largest foreign bank operating in mainland China today.
We opened 13 new offices in 2006, taking the total number to 45 by 
The beginning of 2007 has been marked by our application to incorporate our operations in mainland China after 142 years of unbroken presence in the country. Today, HSBC offers renminbi deposit services in nine cities: Beijing, Dalian, Guangzhou, Qingdao, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhan and Xiamen. We believe the provision of international banking services to mainland Chinese citizens and companies is one of our most significant growth opportunities in the near and long term, and we will support this opportunity with whatever capital and technology resources are required.
We continue to seek other opportunities to extend our franchise in Asia.
At the start of 2007, we announced our intention to acquire, when regulations permit, a further 10 per cent stake in Vietnam s third largest joint-stock bank, Techcombank, taking our ownership interest to 20 per cent, as rules are relaxed to make higher levels of foreign ownership possible. Vietnam has enjoyed economic growth of 7.8 per cent a year for the past five years and we are optimistic about its growth prospects.
Our Latin American businesses are now a major contributor to the Group s profits. Our Mexican operations are now the fourth largest business in the Group measured by country, and made record profits of just over US$1 billion in 2006. We added 2,000 new jobs in Mexico in 2006 as we continued to develop our business, bringing the total number of jobs created since we acquired Bital in 2002 to 8,000. We also have significant businesses in Brazil and Argentina, and these operations were complemented by our strategic acquisition of Grupo Banistmo S.A., the leading banking group in Central America.
Banistmo is Panama s largest bank and the acquisition also takes HSBC into five new markets Colombia, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Honduras and Nicaragua whose economies are gathering pace.
Reflecting the importance of these businesses to the HSBC portfolio, we have a newly designated Latin American region, on which we will report separately from now on.
In addition, we continued to invest in enhancing our existing personal and commercial distribution networks throughout Asia and the Middle East as well as Latin America. We added 25 Consumer Finance offices in India and 28 in Indonesia. We established a further 38 branches in Turkey and three in Malaysia. We will concentrate investment primarily in emerging markets in the form of both organic development and acquisition.
We enter 2007 with a strong management structure in place and a clear strategy of differentiation. We will remain a broad-based universal bank, with four strategic businesses: " Personal Financial Services, within which Consumer Finance will remain a core competence; " Commercial Banking,for which our international service capabilities and connectivity provide a unique competitive platform; " Corporate, Investment Banking and Markets, which will be a leading wholesale bank by focusing on financing and emerging 
" Private Banking, with its broad international network and connectivity with the rest of the Group s businesses.
These businesses will be increasingly interconnected.
The way we are developing our business is consistent with our overall vision to be the world s leading financial services company. However, we know we need to keep the strategy under constant review to meet the challenges our fast-changing world presents. We have therefore taken the opportunity to renew our Managing for Growth strategy, and identified seven key priorities for the Group in 2007-08. These seven global pillars are covered in more detail on page 6. In the following pages, Michael Geoghegan will highlight the opportunities Our brand values the way we are We want to be the world s best financial services brand. We want our customers to know that they can rely on us to provide the same high quality of customer service and to work with the same high ethical standards wherever they see our brand.
We have highlighted the five brand values that we aspire to.

" We will anticipate and meet the needs of our diverse customers around the world by using our ability to combine our global reach across markets and segments with local knowledge and expertise.

" We are committed to continuous improvement in quality, effectiveness and efficiency through teamwork.

" We will act quickly to ensure we meet and exceed our customers ever-changing expectations.
" Management at all levels will be hands-on, operating with a minimum of bureaucracy, giving guidance with wisdom and delegating with confidence.

" We will exercise corporate responsibility in our activities and we are committed to the welfare and development of our local communities.
" We are committed to complying with the letter and the spirit of all relevant laws and regulations in the various countries in which we are present.
" We will operate the Group prudently, exercising strict expense and credit discipline, and maintaining strong capital and liquidity ratios to ensure no diminution in our external ratings.
" We value long-term, ethical client relationships.

" We will demonstrate the highest levels of integrity and put the Group s interests ahead of the individual s.
" We will treat customers, employees and suppliers fairly 
we see to grow our business in both emerging and mature markets 
Increasingly important to our ongoing success in this globalised world is our brand, and you will find our brand values articulated on the facing page. Starting in 2007, we will progressively invest more to support and enhance the customer experience that drives the brand s strength.
The Board of HSBC Holdings plc will continue to oversee the pursuit of these goals by executive management and to exercise rigorous stewardship of your company. It is important to HSBC to continue to ensure that the Board is representative of the Group s broad international franchise and the diversity of our businesses. As usual, there will be changes to the make-up of our Board in 2007. As previously announced, as part of planned succession, Simon Robertson will become senior independent non-executive Director, Rona Fairhead will become Chairman of the Group Audit Committee and Sir Brian Williamson will become Chairman of the Nomination Committee at the conclusion of this year s AGM. Raymond Ch ien, Sharon Hintze and Helmut Sohmen will all retire at the 2007 AGM after many years of distinguished service. I thank them all for their counsel and guidance.
Your company enters 2007 in strong financial shape and with clear growth objectives for the year ahead. I look forward to reporting back to you on our progress in 2008.

