2000 was a year of exciting developments for HSBC. It was marked by organic growth, by the integration of recent acquisitions, and by important new initiatives as we laid the foundations for the future growth of our business. The costs of taking such initiatives, although significant, were absorbed by core operating profits which, before provisions for bad and doubtful debts, grew on a cash basis by 13 per cent to US$11billion. Cash profit attributable to shareholders increased by 31 per cent and the total dividend for the year increased by 28 per cent to US$0.435 per share. A number of developments illustrated our progress and were in line with our strategic plan. The illustrative theme of this Annual Review reflects that progress. In July, we completed the acquisition of the highly respected French bank, CCF (Credit Commercial de France). This was a major step forward for our wealth management strategy and gives us a substantial platform in the euro zone. As a consequence of the acquisition, HSBC listed on the stock exchange in Paris in July. The integration of CCF has proceeded smoothly. We are already seeing benefits in terms of increased revenues and favourable customer reaction which fully support the objectives we set for the business. Based on incremental revenues and cost savings so far indentified from combining HSBCs and CCFs strengths, we are confident of achieving our target for synergy benefits of 150 million (US$139 million) after tax in 2001. We were delighted by the announcement on 22 February this year that CCF had been chosen by the French government to acquire Banque Hervet. The integration of the former Republic and Safra businesses also went smoothly during 2000. All US offices have been rebranded and we have completed about 75 per cent of the targeted integration efficiencies. In April, we combined forces with Merrill Lynch in a joint venture to establish an online, investment-led, broking and banking service for the mass affluent. A full service is up and running in Canada and Australia, and a research capability is available in the UK. We began to bring to market our e-commerce strategy which we have been developing for two years. We started last year with internet banking live only in Brazil and with 200,000 registered users. Today, we have 1,500,000 registered users. Our strategy to attract customers through transparent and competitively priced services was successful in many parts of the world. We achieved our target market share of the Hong Kong SARs new Mandatory Provident Fund, a compulsory retirement savings scheme. Some 580,000 employees have enrolled with HSBC. In the UK, and against strong competition, HSBC grew its personal savings account base by 21 per cent. Also in the UK, our variable-rate mortgage offering, which we had been developing for some time, was widely recognised for its competitiveness and transparency. We made good progress in aligning our Corporate and Institutional Banking business with our Investment Banking and Markets capabilities. More than 600 major transactions were completed which involved our commercial and investment banks working closely together. We capitalised on our international reach by establishing a second global processing centre in Hyderabad in India to complement our first centre in Guangzhou, China. By the end of the year, some 1,000 staff were engaged in global processing support. Our strategy calls for HSBC to maintain a broadly equal balance of earnings between the OECD and emerging markets. Clearly, achieving this balance is dependent to some extent on the realities of the market-place. We are presented on a regular basis with potential acquisitions from all over the world. We have very stringent criteria for determining the suitability of a potential acquisition; we look for a strategic fit with our existing business and the chance to create enduring value. Few offer a more attractive return on our shareholders capital than investing it in our own business. As a result, we reject the great majority of those brought to us. Even where we see the potential to create value, we will only complete a deal if we HSBCs Group Chairman, Sir John Bond, in Singapore attending a senior management off-site meeting in October 2000. 3 
