Group Chairman’s Statement
 2005 was a year of sustained progress
for HSBC and our all-round performance
during the last three years has brought
impressive returns to our shareholders.
Our results reflect our success in growing revenues
and improving productivity, in line with our
‘Managing for Growth’strategic plan. We grew profit
attributable to shareholders by 17 per cent to
US$15.1 billion in 2005. This represents US$1.36 per
share, an increase of 15 per cent. Our earnings
remained well diversified both geographically and by
customer group. Although we continued to invest in
the future of our business, particularly in the growth
of our personal financial services in Asia, we
improved productivity as the level of expenditure on
the development of our investment banking business
passed its peak. We also achieved good growth and
further efficiencies in our core UK personal and
commercial banking businesses. Worldwide, we grew
our commercial banking business strongly on the
back of recent investments.
The Board has declared a fourth interim dividend
of US$0.31 per share, taking the total dividend in
respect of 2005 to US$0.73 per share, an increase of
10.6 per cent over the dividends for 2004.The dividend
is payable on 11 May 2006 to shareholders on the
register on 24 March 2006, with a scrip dividend
available to shareholders who prefer this option.
Over the past 15 years, dividends paid to
shareholders have grown strongly, reflecting our aim
of increasing them in line with the Group’s
underlying performance. Since 1990, HSBC’s
dividend has grown at a compound annual growth
rate of 17.3 per cent. Over the same period, the total
return to shareholders has grown at a compound
annual growth rate of 28.5 per cent. To put this in
simpler terms, £100 invested in HSBC 15 years ago,
with dividends reinvested, would have been worth
£4,281 at the end of 2005.
HSBC is managed for the long-term. In planning our
strategy, we take full account of the trends that we
expect will shape our industry over the next 25 years.
These trends form the illustrative theme of this
Annual Review. I have described in previous
statements to shareholders how we foresee a
rebalancing of the global economy, with a greater
share of world GDP being contributed by Asia, by
an American-led NAFTA and by South America.
Demographic change will also exert a profound
influence as will the power of technology and,
particularly, the internet.
HSBC’s roots lie in Asia and we owe much of our
success to the success of our customers there,
including those in our original home market of
Hong Kong. Although a number of Asian
economies began to achieve high growth rates from
the 1970s onwards, the regulatory environment in
most countries limited the extent to which we could
build on our long-established presence in them. In
particular, our ability to provide personal financial
services was constrained. Accordingly, in the 1980s
and 1990s, HSBC built on its history of
internationalism and invested some of the profits it
earned in Asia in the more mature markets of
Europe and North America. Including the
transforming acquisition of Midland Bank in the
UK in 1992, this changed the balance of our
business. As a result, HSBC became a uniquely
diversified financial services company which
spanned both mature and emerging markets and
which now earns no more than 25 per cent of its
profits in any one country.
...we foresee a rebalancing of
the global economy, with a
greater share of world GDP
being contributed by Asia, by an
American-led NAFTA and by
South America.
The high economic growth rates in much of Asia
and in other parts of the world have continued but, in
recent years, have been accompanied by progressive
deregulation of financial markets as a number of
countries have sought to encourage greater
participation in their economies by the international
banks.
It is entirely appropriate that nations should
deregulate at a pace with which they feel comfortable.
However, should they choose to do so, HSBC will
respond positively, seeking to contribute to economic
development while ensuring a reasonable return to its
shareholders. Our highly successful investment in
Mexico is a case in point. So too is the growth of our
business in China, where so far we have invested a
total of more than US$5 billion, including US$1.5
billion in 2005.
The profits earned in the mature markets have also
permitted our expansion in India, Vietnam and
Turkey, the re-establishment of a presence in Kuwait
and Iraq, and our move into new markets such as
Slovakia and Paraguay.
Such initiatives are integral to our strategy of
‘Managing for Growth’, which Stephen Green
describes in more detail on pages 9 to 19.
Reputation and Brand
One of the most exciting developments in recent
years has been the creation of the HSBC brand name
and its increasing visibility around the world. It takes
many years to build a brand but, according to the
consultancy Interbrand, HSBC had the 29th most
valuable brand in the world by 2005, four places
higher than in 2004. In France, after five successful
years as part of the HSBC family, CCF and four of
its subsidiaries adopted the HSBC brand in 2005.
Although brand recognition is vitally important in
a crowded market-place and, in an age dominated
increasingly by the internet, substance will always be
more important than style. A brand is more than a
name. It is in essence a company as experienced by its
customers. HSBC aspires to be the world’s leading
financial services company. That means our name
must be synonymous with integrity, trust and
excellent customer service everywhere we operate.
For an organisation which provides a safe haven for
the hard-earned savings of millions of people,
reputation is all. We were pleased to receive a number
of awards during 2005 that recognise our standing in
our industry and in the wider community. These
included being named ‘Global Bank of the Year’ by
The Banker magazine for an unprecedented fourth
year in a row.
Client Preferences and the Rise of Technology
Technology is transforming our relationships with
our customers. Of the 20 billion customer
transactions we perform in the course of a year, only
5 per cent are customer-facing. In some sectors in
certain markets, over 90 per cent of all transactions
are now carried out by automated requests, direct
access by corporate clients, direct payments, the
internet, ATMs and cell phones. Internet-based
transactions grew by 36 per cent in the past year,
which demonstrates the shift from branch-based
activity to an increased usage of our electronic
network. Technology enables us to provide our
customers with a wider range of services, and it gives
them greater independence and convenience in
managing their financial affairs. As we look forward,
we see this trend accelerating.
The growing influence of technology has
important consequences for banks and other
financial services providers, not least in terms of the
physical networks they require. Although the
demand for face-to-face contact in conducting more
complex transactions will remain, the growing
proportion of business which can be conducted
remotely means that the nature of our physical
presence in many markets is likely to change over
time. The resulting period of adjustment will require
sensitive management and we are mindful of our
obligations to the communities we serve and of the
need to balance the requirements of shareholders,
customers and colleagues.
Corporate Social Responsibility
HSBC’s first responsibility is to be successful. We
estimate that more than 15 million people in the UK
alone have an interest in HSBC shares, either directly
or through pension schemes or savings plans. Success
enables us to pay the dividends that are so important
to their financial well-being. It allows us to invest in
new products and services for our 125 million
customers. Success enables us to invest in training
and development and to pay taxes to governments. It
creates jobs for colleagues and suppliers. Far from
being at odds with social responsibility, success and
the profits by which success is measured go hand in
hand.
At the same time, a company cannot enjoy long-
term success unless it conducts itself according to a set
of values and in a manner that earns the trust and
respect of the wider community. In practice, the public
has different and sometimes conflicting expectations
of business. Balancing a company’s various
obligations is an important part of management. We
are grateful to the Corporate Social Responsibility
(CSR) Committee of the Board for the wisdom and
expertise it brings to a range of increasingly complex
social, ethical and environmental issues, and for
helping us to shape policies and practices appropriate
to the modern world.
During the year, we have made further progress
across a range of CSR activities. For example, having
made a commitment to become carbon neutral from
January 2006, we were the world’s first major bank to
achieve this objective — three months ahead of
schedule. We introduced new guidelines for lending
to the freshwater infrastructure and chemicals
industry sectors. Furthermore, we built on our long
tradition of sharing our success with communities
around the world, principally by supporting
educational and environmental initiatives. Pages 20
to 22 provide further details of our CSR activities
and, for the specialist reader, we will publish a
separate CSR Report in April.
Colleagues
At any time of the day or night, 24 hours a day, 365
days a year, HSBC colleagues are serving our
customers somewhere in the world and, by so doing,
serving our shareholders. The people who work for
HSBC are an essential part of our success and I
thank them warmly for their immense contribution
in 2005.
Forty years ago, the HSBC Group employed
about 8,000 people, mostly in Asia. Today, it employs
284,000 in 76 countries and territories. Clearly, the
experience of working for HSBC today is very
different to that of the 1960s. Nevertheless, it is
gratifying to note that the sense of teamwork and
common purpose, and commitment to shared values,
remain. We have no more important task than
harnessing the diverse talents of our people.
The Board
HSBC is fortunate in having one of the strongest and
most distinguished Boards of any company in the
world. I have described the structure and role of the
Board in some detail in previous Annual Reviews and
spoken about them at past Annual General Meetings.
This year, therefore, I shall simply record my sincere
thanks to the Directors who, individually and
collectively, make such a major contribution to
HSBC’s success.
Boards, like the companies they lead, are not
static, and since the last Annual Review was
published, we have announced a number of changes
to the HSBC Board. Simon Robertson was
appointed an independent non-executive Director
with effect from 3 January 2006. Simon is non-executive Chairman of Rolls-Royce Group plc, the
former Chairman of Dresdner Kleinwort Benson
and a former Managing Director of Goldman Sachs
International.
Sir John Kemp-Welch, an independent non-
executive Director since 2000, will retire at the 2006
Annual General Meeting. I take this opportunity to
thank Sir John for the great knowledge and wisdom
he has brought to the business of the Board.
Alan Jebson, an executive Director since 2000, will
also retire at the 2006 AGM after 28 years’
distinguished service with HSBC. Alan has played a
leading role in the development of the Group’s
information technology including, in more recent
times, the key strategic initiative of global resourcing.
I, too, will retire at this year’s AGM and will be
succeeded as Group Chairman by Stephen Green.
Stephen will be succeeded as Group Chief Executive
by Michael Geoghegan. The selection process which
resulted in the Board making these appointments is
described in the letter which Sir Brian Moffatt,
Chairman of the Nomination Committee and senior
independent non-executive Director, sent to all
shareholders on 28 November 2005.
It has been my privilege to serve HSBC for 45
years and as its Chairman since 1998. Management
continuity is a hallmark of your company and the
transition in May will be no different. Stephen and
Michael were both part of the team which
formulated our ‘Managing for Growth’ strategy and
they will see it through to completion. I could not be
leaving the Group in more capable hands. I have no
doubt at all that they, the rest of our talented
management team, and colleagues throughout
HSBC, will continue to work tirelessly in the long-
term interests of shareholders.
Prospects for 2006
Building on our achievements, our priority for the rest
of this year is to continue to implement our
‘Managing for Growth’ strategy. We will achieve this
by being distinctive, reinforcing our brand values of
trust and integrity in all our dealings with customers.
We will make ourselves even more relevant by
broadening the product, channel and geographical
coverage we offer.Furthermore,we will ensure that the
scale and complexity needed to compete successfully
will be seamless from the perspective of our customers
and manageable from that of our colleagues.
The US economy, and its consumers who account
for much of world economic growth, are proving
resilient. Our businesses in Asia, Turkey, Mexico,
Brazil and the Middle East see strong opportunities
for growth on the back of investments already made.
We also see opportunities to strengthen our position
in our franchises in the UK, Hong Kong, North
America and France. We believe there is growing
momentum from the development of our new
business streams within Corporate, Investment
Banking and Markets businesses. Overall, HSBC is
well positioned for further growth.
Sir John Bond, Group Chairman