STATEMENT FROM THE CHAIRMAN
PCCW continued to operate soundly in 2009, although
the macro economic situation and the local market
environment had impacted on the Group’s business.
The profound effects of the financial meltdown in 2008
lingered on in most parts of the world last year. Business
activities in Hong Kong were adversely affected by the
recession in varying degrees and the impact had also
quickly cascaded to the consumer level.
It is noticeable that an upswing in equity and property
prices which began around the middle of last year has
fuelled expectations of a speedier recovery. We are
pleased with these signs and the optimism in some
sectors. However, more efforts on an international
level will be required for a sustainable global recovery
benefiting Hong Kong. Many companies and consumers
have remained cautious about the economic outlook.
Under the circumstances, the Group’s results for 2009
were satisfactory. Total revenues for the year ended
December 31, 2009 amounted to HK$25,077 million
and profit attributable to equity holders of the Company
was HK$1,506 million.
Overall, the Group’s various businesses recorded
creditable performances given the prevailing poor
economic conditions. We continued to introduce
innovative products and quality services to help business
customers improve their efficiency and to serve the
communication and infotainment needs of general
consumers.
now TV has both developed and acquired more
exciting content including the top Spanish soccer
league. Other units also reported notable wins and
achievements in Hong Kong, mainland China, and
overseas.
I am grateful to the staff for their hard work. I thank my
fellow Directors, including Mr. Edmund Tse who joined
us last September as an Independent Non-Executive
Director, for their counsel and long-standing support.
I am confident that PCCW, as Hong Kong’s premier
telecom operator and a formidable player, will prevail
in the face of economic adversity, market competition,
and changing regulatory environment. The Board looks
forward to a better return to shareholders as market
conditions improve our business prospects.
Richard Li
Chairman
March 9, 2010