CHAIRMAN'S STATEMENT
In the context of geopolitical and macroeconomic
changes affecting the energy sector worldwide,
Power Assets maintained its focus on selective
investments in reliable assets for steady growth and
recurring returns. Our performance has demonstrated not
only the resilience of our strategy and investments, but
also our capacity to accommodate and lead advancement
in technology for a sustainable low carbon economy.
In July 2016 we made our largest investment since the
spinning off of the Hong Kong electricity business three
years ago, by acquiring a 48.75% interest in the
mid-stream assets of Husky Energy Inc. ("Husky"). Husky
operates approximately 1,900 kilometres of oil pipeline
in the Lloydminster region and has oil storage capacity
of 4.1 million barrels at Hardisty and Lloydminster. Our
share of Husky's pipeline portfolio in Canada connects
us to a growing market with consistent returns. This is
in tune with our long-standing strategy of focussing on
dependable investments in low-risk markets that deliver
steady returns over the long-term economic cycle.
The Husky investment augments our energy portfolio
and expands our presence in North America in the oil
transmission and storage sector. The Group's operating
companies are spread across North America, Europe,
Asia, Australia and New Zealand and include power
generation, electricity and gas distribution networks and
oil transmission businesses.
In Hong Kong, good progress has been made in charting
the way forward for the local electricity market post
2018. Discussions between The Hongkong Electric
Company, Limited ("HK Electric") and the Hong Kong
Government over the future regulatory regime are
expected to yield positive outcomes. We support the
company's view that it is in Hong Kong's best interest if
the current scheme of control arrangement is maintained
to incentivise long-term investments necessary to meet
the Government's policy objectives.
  Results and dividends
The Group's 2016 audited profits attributable to
shareholders amounted to HK$6,417 million
(2015: HK$7,732 million). Earnings per share was
HK$3.01 (2015: HK$3.62).
The decrease in the Group's profit was primarily due
to the weakening of the pound sterling, a lower UK
deferred tax credit adjustment when compared with that
of last year, a reduction of shareholding in the HK Electric
Investments and HK Electric Investments Limited from
49.9% to 33.37% since 9 June 2015 and reversal of
provisions and expenses in 2015.
The Directors have earlier declared a one-off special
interim dividend in cash of HK$5 per share for 2016,
paid out on 28 February 2017. The special interim
dividend was distributed in order to address shareholder
expectations while keeping in view the Group's need to
preserve its financial capacity for future acquisitions.
The Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$2.02
per share, payable on 25 May 2017 to those persons
registered as shareholders on 16 May 2017. This,
together with the interim dividend of HK$0.70 per share
and special interim dividend of HK$5 per share, takes the
total dividend for the year to HK$7.72 per share (2015:
HK$2.70 per share).
Operational excellence in key markets
In 2016, Group companies recorded sustainable, organic
revenue growth, while maintaining high standards of
customer satisfaction. We are insulated from short term
cyclicity by regulated revenue schemes or long-term,
off-take contracts. All these factors contributed
substantially to the Group's robust financial performance.
In the UK, our largest market, our businesses operate
in essential services sectors under regulated income
regimes. The four Group operating companies in the
market earned steady revenues, achieving awards from
the regulator for efficient operation and exemplary
performance in customer service. The impact of the
'Brexit' decision was limited to reported earnings due to
exchange rate uncertainty.
Our operating companies embraced the UK's
decarbonisation policy. UK Power Networks became the
first distributed generation system to install a commercial
scale battery storage system and was at the forefront
of research into distributed network system operations.
These initiatives will enable us to accommodate
disruptive generation from solar power and commercial
scale battery installations. Northern Gas Networks is
one of the founding organisations collaborating with
the UK Government in the H21 Leeds City Gate study
— aiming to significantly decarbonise parts of the
existing gas system. Wales & West Utilities continues
to support the development of biomethane and has
connected 16 biomethane producers to the distribution
network. Seabank Power completed a lifetime extension
maintenance outage for its Module 2 generation unit in
2016 and participated in the UK's capacity auctions to
augment the country's electricity supply during times of
stress.
In Australia, all our regulated electricity distribution
businesses are now under the new regulatory regime,
and will consequently enjoy predictable revenues for its
duration. Our Australian businesses have been proactive
with customer oriented initiatives to tackle the growth
of distributed generation, especially solar. SA Power
Networks commenced trials of residential battery storage
systems to manage solar energy for residential power
grids. This exercise will not only yield valuable insights on
the long-term management of distributed generation, but
also provide customers with the ability to store, use and
sell energy. Victoria Power Networks began to offer smart
energy services that support the deployment of large scale
renewable energy and infrastructure projects and help
commercial, industrial and residential customers optimise
their usage of self-generated and stored power. Australian
Gas Networks is researching the possibility of producing
renewable hydrogen for injection into its network to
reduce carbon content. Australian Energy Operations
completed the Ararat Wind Farm project in July 2016, and
began contributing to Group revenues.
In Hong Kong, HK Electric met all of its operating
parameters including its world-class reliability record of
over 99.999% for twenty consecutive years. In order to
meet air quality targets, the company is implementing a
major replacement programme to increase the proportion
of natural gas in the fuel mix with the construction of two
new gas-fired combined cycle generating units. It also
continued discussions with the Government on the post-
2018 regulatory framework, which will shape the future
development of Hong Kong's power sector. In the longer
term, more gas-fired units will be built to replace retiring
coal-fired units to support the Government's climate
change agenda which is to reduce Hong Kong's carbon
footprint by 65-70% in 2030 compared to the level in
2005. This will also help reduce the city's air emissions.
Achieving sustainable progress
Our European operating companies in Portugal and
the Netherlands both deliver energy from sustainable
sources and are the flagship green businesses in the
Group's portfolio. Dutch Enviro Energy Holdings B.V., a
market leader in the 'energy-from-waste' sector in the
Netherlands, continued to increase the delivery of energy
to neighbouring industries and households during the year.
It is also studying the viability of delivering carbon dioxide
to nearby greenhouses through carbon captured from its
flue gas. Iberwind, the wind energy company in Portugal
which the Group acquired in 2015, initiated a major
repowering project to improve wind yield and efficiency.
In Canada, Canadian Power Holdings, working in
conjunction with its partners, TransAlta Corporation and
ATCO, reached an agreement with the Alberta and Federal
governments to end coal-fired emission by 2030 and is
embarking on a coal-to-gas conversion study for its largest
generating facility, the Sheerness Coal-fired Power Station.
In mainland China, the Government is introducing
gradual and progressive market reform to the power
sector. We welcome these reforms and will work towards
meeting new requirements. Our three coal-fired power
plants in the mainland have successfully upgraded their
emissions control equipment to meet the stringent near-
zero emission environmental targets. Improvement works
continued at the wind farms in the Yunnan and Hebei
provinces to enhance productivity.
The Ratchaburi plant in Thailand delivered strong
performance and achieved its efficiency target.
Wellington Electricity in New Zealand performed ahead of
budget during the year.
An undeviating strategy going forward
The sound performance of all the Group's operating
companies in the current geopolitical climate is testament
to the success of our business model based on stable
income streams in well-regulated markets and
high-quality, efficient operations. This is reinforced by
strong management teams, excellence in operations,
market-leading customer service, cost controls and
returns from recently completed capital projects.
The Group continues to maintain a strong cash position
in readiness for opportunities that meet our criteria,
especially in developed markets like Australia, North
America and Europe.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank shareholders
for their continued support. My heartfelt gratitude and
appreciation to all my colleagues across four continents
and all our operating companies for their efforts. Their
commitment has delivered another healthy year for the
business.
Fok Kin Ning, Canning
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017