A new milestone for protability The China property segment, while still at a relatively early stage of development, outpaced all other segments in prot growth.
The Hong Kong economy contracted by 2.7% in 2009 in the midst of a severe worldwide recession. The Group s overall performance well exceeded our budgets, achieved primarily on the unexpected strength of the property segments in both Hong Kong and the Mainland. Group prot rose by 180% to HK$17.5 billion. Prot before Investment Property revaluation rose by 86% to HK$7.8 billion.

Property Investment accounted for over 70% of Group operating prot. Strong structural growth in this segment more than compensated for the cyclical weakness in the other segments including Logistics. The Heart of the Group, Harbour City and Times Square, comfortably outperformed the market and accounted for 8% of total retail sales in all of Hong Kong.
Prot before Investment Property Revaluation Surplus 
Three other key factors drove the Group s earnings growth in 2009 in roughly equal importance: Property Development, favourable nancing costs and disposal of Beijing Capital Times Square. In particular, operating prot from Property Development exceeded HK$1 billion (from a 33% margin) to rise to 12% of Group operating prot. It is well poised as a reliable new source of income for the Group in the coming years.

Heart of the Group Harbour City and Times Square The two core assets in the Property Investment segment, Harbour City and Times Square, continued to deliver with a 10% - increase in recurring prot to HK$5,313 million. Under the Group s leadership in retail management, the two properties once again comfortably exceeded the Hong Kong average for retail sales growth over 2008. Distinguished by their premier location, sustained quality for the most exhilarating and rewarding shopping experience, diversied trade-mix and powerful retail marketing, Harbour City and Times Square combined accounted for around 8% of total Hong Kong retail sales in 2009. Both core assets held up well in ofce occupancy and rent for their ideal locations, served by excellent transportation networks and well-rounded ancillary services.

The Group s strategy to increase its Mainland assets to 50% of Group assets is progressing well. Our land bank in the Mainland has already exceeded the interim target of 100 million square feet of gross oor area. To sustain development in the Mainland, the Group has taken deliberate steps to localise its management teams. The China East team has been fully localised, while the China West team, established in Chengdu, continues to be led by Hong Kong executives until it is 
The Wharf (Holdings) Limited Annual Report 2009 
The China property segment, while still at a relatively early stage of development, outpaced all other segments in prot growth. Sales for 3.7 million square feet of properties recognised in 2009 helped increase operating prot by elevenfold to exceed HK$1 billion.
Including sales not yet recognised, a total of 4.7 million square feet of properties were sold in 2009 for RMB4.6 billion to exceed of 45% in 2010. Local consumption, having regained momentum in the second half of 2009, is poised to rise further in 2010, along with an improving employment market in tandem with the economic upturn. According to the Hong Kong Tourism Board, tourist arrivals are expected to grow by 5% to 31 million this year on the back of a strong growth in visitors from the Mainland and emerging markets.
A further revival in consumer sentiment and inbound tourism will add impetus to the Hong Kong retail market in 2010.

They spanned across six cities (Chengdu, Chongqing, Dalian, Shanghai, Wuhan and Wuxi) and reected soaring housing demand across urban China, the properties excellent location and quality, as well as Wharf s reputable brand strength.
While the global economy has emerged from the doldrums, China is expected to take the lead in the recovery process. Riding on the close economic ties with the Mainland, Hong Kong will continue to benet from the Mainland s vibrant growth and strong economic The 2010 aim for salespresales of close to 10 million square feet for RMB10 billion will mark a new milestone for the Group. The strong cash ow from this programme would provide additional resources for additional investment in quality projects when suitable 
The medium-term outlook for the Hong Kong economy remains cautiously optimistic. The remarkable economic resilience of our vast hinterland will cushion Hong Kong against the uncertainties in the global environment in the longer term.
In Property Investment, the Times Squares in Beijing, Chongqing, Dalian and Shanghai together registered a 15% growth in revenue and a 26% growth in operating prot. In November 2009, the Group accepted an attractive offer to dispose of the Beijing Capital Times Square. It is intended to re-invest the capital from the disposal in other interesting prospects in due course.
In 2009, the Mainland s GDP grew by 8.7% and the growth is targeted to maintain at 8% in 2010. The high-speed railway development commenced since 2003 marks a cornerstone for all major cities throughout the country to be connected. It will generate more economic activities in and between the cities over the next 30 years of China s opening up. The recent Central Economic Work Conference underlined the Central government s pledge to speed up the process of substantial urbanisation and further relaxation over residence permits that would lend further support to housing demand. I remain enthusiastic on the fundamentals of the Mainland property market, where the Group s motto of Building for Tomorrow is the right message internally 
2009 Financial Summary Group turnover for 2009 increased by 10% to HK$17,553 million on account of strong recurrent rental income, coupled with phenomenal revenue growth from China property sales. Operating prot grew by 13% to HK$8,554 million.
Prot attributable to Shareholders excluding the net investment property revaluation surplus rose by a robust 86% to HK$7,817 million. Including a higher unrealised surplus from the revaluation of investment properties, prot attributable to Shareholders rose by 180% to HK$17,501 million. Earnings per share were HK$6.35.
However, we also see new uncertainties looming for 2010 and 2011. They include the multi-government exit strategies around the world, the fragile state of the European economy, and tension between China and the United States of America. The Group will persistently pursue its business objectives while maintaining its consistently sound nancial management to ride out this exciting 
Revaluation of the Group s investment properties, underpinned by higher rentals, grew by 12% to HK$115,492 million as at the end of 2009. Gearing was 17.5%. Including Logistics, 32% of the Group s assets were Renminbi-based assets as at the end of 2009.
On behalf of all Shareholders and my fellow Directors, I wish to express our heartfelt appreciation to all Staff for their dedication and contribution throughout the year. In particular, Mr Gonzaga Li, Senior Deputy Chairman, is retiring after serving in the senior management nucleus for 30 years. I am personally indebted to him for his invaluable assistance to me over the years. Special mention is also due to our property teams who are fully energised and motivated to help propel the Group and to make great advances to establish our leadership position in the segment.
The Board is recommending a 45% increase in nal dividend to 64 cents per share. This would increase total dividend for the full year by 25% to HK$1.00 per share.

Subsequent to the severe global downturn in the second half of 2008, the Hong Kong economy started to pick up in the middle of 2009 and staged a strong recovery late in the year. The government forecasts Hong Kong s GDP will revert to a positive annual growth Peter K C Woo 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2010 The Wharf (Holdings) Limited Annual Report 2009 
