Group Chairman s Statement Against a background of difficult conditions in most of the world s economies, HSBC achieved a solid set of results in 2002. Our performance reflected the resilience of our local businesses around the world and our ability to generate reasonable returns in them. In spite of the global economic downturn, the strength of HSBC enabled us to grow our operating income and to take opportunities to lay the foundations for our future.
Recognising this, the Board approved a second interim dividend of US$0.325 taking the dividends for 2002 to US$0.53, an increase of 10.4 per cent over 2001. Additionally, acknowledging the increasing importance of dividend flows to our shareholders, the Board has determined to move to a programme of quarterly dividends beginning with dividends in respect of the second half of 2003. It is envisaged that the first such quarterly dividend will be paid in January 2004. Further details of these proposals will be announced in due course.
On 31 December 2002, we completed year four of our five-year strategic plan. When we announced the plan to shareholders in the 1998 Annual Report, we committed to measure our performance. We set two 
The first was to double total shareholder returns (measured by share price with gross dividends reinvested) over the five years of the strategy. With one year to go, HSBC s TSR stood at 155 (starting from a baseline of 100). While the fall in the share price from its peak is disappointing, this should be seen in the context of the overall performance of markets during the period. For the four years, the TSR of the FTSE 100 in the UK stood at 74; the Hang Seng Index (in which HSBC makes up almost a third of the index) in Hong Kong at 106; and the S&P500 in the USA at 78. The MSCI World Index, a global measure, stood at 76.
The second measure is of our relative performance against a defined peer group of financial institutions which shows how HSBC performs against its main competitors. HSBC s TSR of 155 over four years compared to 95 for the benchmark index TSR of our competitors.
I thank my talented colleagues whose hard work and dedication have made this superior performance possible. The quality of HSBC s staff is the single most important factor in our success. Every year, I meet many hundreds of my colleagues and it is a privilege to work with so many outstanding people.
Their success is recognised by the number of awards HSBC receives around the world, some of which are listed in Keith Whitson s review of strategy.
As well as good progress in our existing business, which you can also read about in the review of strategy, HSBC made a number of important acquisitions during the year. As we look to the future, we see two particularly exciting areas of economic potential and of opportunity for HSBC: NAFTA and China. We were, therefore, very pleased to acquire and recapitalise Grupo Financiero Bital in Mexico for a total consideration of US$1.9 billion.
GF Bital is a major and highly respected force in Mexican financial services, with nearly five and a half million personal customers served by 1,400 branches and 4,000 ATMs, with assets of approximately 
Similarly, we were delighted to be invited to invest US$600 million in Ping An Insurance Company of China. This gave us a 10 per cent stake in the second- largest life insurance operation in China. Ping An has over 27 million policy holders.
Elsewhere in Asia, we agreed to purchase Keppel Insurance Pte Ltd in Singapore and completed the approximately US$88 million transaction in February this year, adding life insurance and Islamic insurance to an established business in a country where we have a long history.
The US economy accounts for approximately 33 per cent of world GDP and consumer spending, in turn, accounts for almost 70 per cent of US GDP.
There is therefore a very strong economic case for HSBC having a significant presence in the US consumer market. In November, in a major development for HSBC, we announced that we had agreed to acquire Household International, Inc.
Household is a US consumer finance company with over 50 million customers across the United States, the UK and Canada. With 1,400 offices in 46 states, it delivers national coverage in the US for consumer lending, credit cards and credit insurance.
At the time of writing, the acquisition is subject to approval by shareholders of both HSBC and Household, and shareholders meetings for both companies will be held on 28 March 2003. The transaction is also subject to other conditions, in particular the receipt of certain regulatory and other approvals which are being sought.
Assuming that the Household acquisition is successfully completed, we will have roughly 30 per cent of our assets in Asia and the Middle East, 30 per cent in the Americas and 40 per cent in Europe, giving us a unique geographic balance. We will also have a broad spread of businesses balanced between OECD countries and developing markets, and personal financial services will become our largest market.
We believe this spread is vital to our strategic interests. The ability to expand our business by acquisition will always depend on the opportunities which arise. A good many proposals are brought to us; very few match our long-term strategy or the stringent criteria we have set for ourselves.
It is a fact that most acquisitions do not create value for shareholders. One of HSBC s great strengths is that we have a long and successful record of integrating businesses into the Group in a way that does benefit our shareholders.
Just as we carefully match our acquisitions to our strategy, so our strategy is informed by the way in which we see future trends. Looking forward, we see two major forces shaping consumer spending around 
In developed markets we see demographic changes, in particular ageing of the population, shaping and changing the demand for financial services. Hence our emphasis on wealth management, particularly insurance products and savings products, whether in the form of investments 
In developing countries like China, India, Brazil and Mexico, we believe we will see a growing demand for all kinds of financial services as these markets grow their per capita income and new consumer markets emerge. This demand will include consumer finance and, in Household, we believe we have found a business model that represents best in class technology and is exportable to markets where we see 
In the wake of some well-publicised corporate failures, there has been much discussion about corporate governance. HSBC is fortunate to have non-executive Directors of the very highest calibre whose breadth of experience is, I believe, the equal of any board in the world.
Minoru Murofushi, Carl Reichardt and Sir Adrian Swire retired on 31 May 2002 after distinguished service on your Board. We shall miss their wise counsel. We are fortunate that Stewart Newton, Carole Taylor and Sir Brian Williamson have joined the Board. Having been appointed since the last Annual General Meeting, they will retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and offer themselves for election.
Sir Keith Whitson is to retire at the Annual General Meeting on 30 May 2003 after 42 years service with HSBC. Keith will be succeeded by Stephen Green, currently Executive Director, Corporate, Investment Banking and Markets. In addition to retaining his existing responsibilities, Stephen will oversee all other HSBC businesses, including personal financial services, commercial banking and insurance. Alan Jebson, currently Group IT Director, has been appointed to the new position of Chief Operating Officer with effect from 30 May. Alan will be responsible for HSBC s worldwide operational functions and for managing certain head office departments.
Keith Whitson has devoted his entire working life to HSBC. He is an outstanding colleague with exceptional abilities and has made an immense contribution to our success. He has also served the banking industry as a whole with great distinction.
At the same time, one of HSBC s key characteristics is the strength of its management team. Stephen is extremely well qualified for his new appointment and I am confident that he will be a highly effective Group Chief Executive. Similarly, Alan s talents have been apparent to us for many years. His appointment as Chief Operating Officer reflects the continuing evolution of HSBC and the importance we attach to operational efficiency in serving our customers around the world.
We continue to make good progress in increasing the number of employees who have a direct interest in the ownership of the Group through our employee share plans. During 2002, over 41,000 employees in 51 countries and territories applied for savings- related options, with the greatest interest shown in the UK, the Hong Kong SAR and Malaysia.
Performance-related share options were awarded to almost 40,000 employees worldwide at all levels of 
In 1998, we set the objective of achieving a level of employee ownership equivalent to 5 per cent of our share capital within five years. We estimate that, at year-end 2002, our employees had an interest in over 4 per cent of our fully diluted capital base.
During the last 12 months, there has been a growing understanding in the UK and elsewhere about the financial risks inherent in the provision of company pensions. In part, this has been prompted by the fall in the equity markets but, more profoundly, by recognition of the effects of greater longevity. We welcome the enhanced accounting disclosures in FRS 17 which shed more light on the financial position of company pension schemes.
HSBC attaches the greatest importance to providing appropriate and secure pension arrangements for its staff, but also to balancing the burdens which successive generations will have to bear for those who preceded them. In this regard, in 1996 we closed our largest defined benefit pension scheme to new members, with all new employees being offered membership of a defined contribution scheme. In making our decision, we took into account a number of factors, including changing demographics which underline the fact that the cost to shareholders of defined benefit schemes are unquantifiable but increasing.
Although this issue is critical, there is time to address the problem. Even before employer s contributions, the investment income generated by our largest scheme in the UK covered more than 90 per cent of the pensions payable from it.
Nevertheless, in 2003 we have made a substantial incremental contribution of 500 million to that scheme in order to recognise the changing demographics and investment returns. This is a clear recognition of our responsibilities. HSBC has the financial strength and the resolve to fulfil all its 
Some 8,000 of my colleagues are now located at HSBC s new Group Head Office building in Canary Wharf which is now operational. We shall hold an official opening ceremony in early April.
We designed the building to enable our people to interact easily and well with each other, thus encouraging teamwork so important to us. You will see that the building itself is the subject of the illustrative theme of this Annual Review.
HSBC has a long tradition of corporate social responsibility but we recognise the growing need to make public what has long been an ingrained part of our character. Hence our continued inclusion in the Dow Jones Sustainability Group Index, FTSE4Good and the UK s Business in the Environment Seventh Index of Corporate Environmental Engagement.
In 2002, we published a report in HSBC in the Community on the environmental impact of our own operations in the UK, together with targets for improvement. We have now exported this system to HSBC operations in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, the Hong Kong SAR, India, Malaysia, Singapore and the USA and we will report on their performance, with targets for improvement, in this year s edition of HSBC in the Community.
Despite what we consider to be an excellent record, we recognise that we need to pay even more attention to the non-financial implications of lending decisions. We have issued more demanding internal standards on environmental and reputational risk which reflect the developments in international public opinion and the growing body of knowledge about environmental issues.
Indeed, education and the environment remain our principal areas of community support. Broadly, our work in education focuses on access and helping those who are disadvantaged. This work falls under five main themes.
First, providing talented individuals with opportunities. In 2002 for example, this included helping young people with HSBC scholarships some 300 in Hong Kong, 100 in the UK, 60 in South Africa and many others.
Second, our volunteer work. Whether through Wayfoong volunteers in Hong Kong, Helping Hands in Brazil, or dozens of local projects around the world, many of my colleagues devoted considerable time to working in their local communities.
Third, we undertake projects where many resources are put into one school or institution. This can be the Jumpstart project in Buffalo, where we provide job-shadowing and mentoring for students from Riverside Institute of Technology High School; it can be sponsoring language colleges in the UK; or our long-term support of the Glen Taylor School in an economically deprived area of Auckland, New 
Fourth, we support educational and attitudinal projects which give children formative and, sometimes, life-changing experiences. For instance, we supported the Kielder Challenge, a series of outdoor events in the UK, for teams of able-bodied children and those with disabilities.
Finally, we support projects tailored to local needs, often with emphasis on children with learning difficulties or disabilities. We support specific initiatives like Junior Achievement helping young people in US high schools gain experience of running small businesses, and Young Enterprise which fulfils a similar role in the UK. Online sites like the GCSE online maths course devised by the Thomas Telford City Technology College and www.timeforcitizenship.co.uk also promote wider access to curriculum materials.
To raise awareness of our educational work, we decided to develop the HSBC Global Education Challenge, an online programme designed solely for children, as an exciting educational resource open for anyone to use.
The Challenge follows the Around Alone yacht race, which started in September 2002, and the progress of a number of skippers including Graham Dalton and his yacht, Hexagon, which we have 
The Global Education Challenge is an award- winning web site, aimed at nine-to-twelve year olds who can follow the race and tackle educational challenges along the way. So far, the site has been used by schools in 35 countries.
HSBC s commitment to the environment remains as strong as ever. We maintained our support of Investing in Nature, working with Earthwatch, WWF and Botanic Gardens Conservation International. In 2002, 190 of our employees from 39 countries participated in Earthwatch projects in 25 countries.
As a direct result of our support, in 2002 BGCI listed and conserved 8,000 threatened plant species our five-year target is 20,000. And WWF have selected freshwater demonstration sites in Brazil, China and the UK.
Turning to 2003, despite the current uncertainties HSBC remains strong in terms of both capital and earning power. The acquisitions announced last year will improve our geographical balance. They should also reduce risks within our financial framework by increasing the proportion of earnings from the personal sector which, long term, has more predictable revenue and cost characteristics. We remain well positioned to seek growth opportunities worldwide with few geographic or product 
