PRoFit FoR tHe YeAR The Group s audited profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st December, 2009 amounted to HK$19,886 million (2008 (restated) HK$13,029 million).
Earnings per share were HK$8.59 (2008 (restated) 
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.20 per share in respect of 2009 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 27th May, 2010. This together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share gives a total of HK$2.70 per share for the year (2008 HK$2.45 per share). The proposed final dividend will be paid on 1st June, 2010 following approval at the 2010 Annual General Meeting.

2009 was a challenging year for most economies and businesses around the globe. As a result of our prudent approach to managing risks and strengthening our operations, we were able to deliver solid growth and good returns to shareholders in this difficult environment. For the year ended 31st December, 2009, the Group s profit before share of results of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was HK$12,808 million.

Solid progress was made in all of our operating activities during the year. We recorded satisfactory growth in contributions from property sales and property rental. Contribution from hotels and serviced suites has decreased as a result of current economic conditions. Returns from investment and finance were higher as compared to last year given the improvement in the financial markets in the latter part of 2009. The significant increase in the fair value of investment properties was recorded mainly due to the completion of a new project during the year under review.
2009 in Review Repercussions from the financial crisis which began in 2008 continued to be felt in various markets around the globe. The severity of the downturn impacted not only the banking and financial industries, but also all other sectors to varying degrees, including trade and commerce, real estate, hotel and travel, as well as retail.

Hong Kong has benefited from the support of the Central and local Government s policies and initiatives. After four consecutive quarters of contraction, the domestic economy resumed year-on-year growth of 2.6% in the fourth quarter of 2009, and real GDP for the full year fell by 2.7% from 2008. Overall the local economy has steadily stabilised.

The Group s property business in Hong Kong has benefited from the solid performance of the local property sector in 2009, when property transactions and prices were supported by a high level of affordability and the unwinding of pent-up demand. In view of the prevailing low interest rate environment and the Government s recent enhancement of the Application List System aimed at increasing the flexibility of land supply, the local property market is expected to remain stable and positive in the medium to longer term.

In 2009, the Group executed its development initiatives as scheduled, and registered sound results for its various property projects. The increase in turnover and profit contribution from our property operations was satisfactory. Actions to further expand our well-established land bank have continued.
With a low average land acquisition cost, we are confident that we can generate a good return on our existing land reserves which are sufficient to underpin development plans over the coming five to six years.
Good progress has been made by the Group s property business in the Mainland. Various projects are progressing as planned, and the proportion of contribution from these operations continues to grow satisfactorily. While the Central Government is initiating measures aimed at regulating loan supply and curtailing home price rises, these measures will be beneficial to the stability and sustainability of the market in the longer term. The Group has confidence in the strong fundamentals and tremendous potential of the Mainland s market. We will actively prepare for further expansion by making prudent, selective investments in quality sites and projects in the Mainland.

The Group has seized growth opportunities as they arise in overseas markets such as Singapore and the United Kingdom. The satisfactory contribution from operations in these markets will enable us to further increase the value of our property portfolio.
Listed Affiliated Companies We are well positioned to capture opportunities globally through the strategic investments in our listed affiliated companies, particularly through the Hutchison Whampoa Group s diversified businesses across 54 countries. All of the core businesses of these companies recorded solid performances in 
The Hutchison Whampoa Group The global operations of the Hutchison Whampoa Group performed solidly despite a very difficult operating environment in 2009. The 3G business is currently developing on a steady improving course. With an improvement in cash flow, the debt level of the Hutchison Whampoa Group was reduced. Overall the businesses of the Hutchison Whampoa Group are progressing well. It will continue to look to commit new investment capital to further expand its core businesses, and is forging ahead to grow as new opportunities emerge. There remain many elements of uncertainty in the global economy, but we are confident in the growth prospects of the Hutchison Whampoa Group in 2010 barring major unforeseen circumstances.

CKI Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited ( CKI ) recorded a strong performance for 2009, which was pleasing given the challenging economic conditions. It has an established track record of steady growth and continued increase in dividends, as well as the capability to overcome challenges and difficulties, such as those of the recent financial crisis. CKI is optimistic about its future prospects and will continue to build on its growth momentum, sound fundamentals and solid 
HK Electric Hongkong Electric Holdings Limited ( HK Electric ) reported lower earnings from its Hong Kong operations due to the lower rate of permitted return under the new Scheme of Control Agreement and lower cash deposit balances and deposit interest rates. The impact of the decreased Hong Kong earnings was substantially offset by the strong operating results from activities outside Hong Kong, with earnings significantly increased from those recorded for 2008.

CK Life Sciences CK Life Sciences Int l., (Holdings) Inc. ( CK Life Sciences ) recorded a good performance in 2009. The significant turnaround in overall results can be largely attributed to increased profitability in the health sector and improved investment returns, as well as a reduction in finance costs. CK Life Sciences will continue to leverage its sound fundamentals and steady business operations to drive for better performance in the future. Continued efforts will be made to streamline and consolidate existing operations, and to explore opportunities to expand prudently.

There have been early signs of improvement in the European and the U.S. economies. While the global market has yet to fully stabilise and it is still confronted by a number of uncertainties and potential problems, including the risks associated with the debt problems of certain nations, the general economic conditions worldwide should improve further in 2010 as compared to 2009.

The Mainland s economy returned to a faster track of growth in 2009, stimulated by strong government-led investment and consumption. Real GDP growth was 8.7% for the year, and is expected to remain at a level of over 8% in 2010. The Central Government has stated its intention to maintain proactive fiscal policies and moderately relaxed monetary measures, and to push ahead with economic restructuring by promoting private consumption. Against this backdrop, the Mainland s economy is expected to maintain a steady pace of growth in 2010 and to show promising long-term 
The Mainland s development and steady growth will continue to provide solid support for Hong Kong s economy. Accelerated economic cooperation with the Mainland should present Hong Kong with good growth opportunities, and support a steady, sustainable economic recovery and development.
We have confidence in the medium and longer-term economic prospects of the Mainland and Hong 
The Group is steadfast in its strategy to invest in the future by following its primary operating principle of achieving a balance between progress and stability. The Group has considerable reserves to draw upon and has solid financial strength. Barring any unforeseen circumstances, the Group s shareholders funds will continue to grow significantly and the Group s ability to generate cash will continue to be strong in the coming years. We operate with a very low gearing ratio, approximately 9.5% at year end, and have the ability to mobilise not less than HK$50 billion to take advantage of timely investment opportunities for large-scale development.
Given all its strengths and potential, the Cheung Kong Group is uniquely placed for future growth and expansion. We are very confident in the prospects of the Group in 2010 and beyond.

Intelligent, creative, dedicated and loyal employees are the Group s most valuable asset in this extremely competitive and challenging global environment. We take this opportunity to thank our colleagues on the Board, the staff members of the Group and our diligent employees worldwide for their hard work, loyal service and contributions during the year.

Li Ka-shing Li Tzar Kuoi, Victor Chairman Managing Director 
