Group Chairman s Statement We enter 2016 with a clear strategy and with a plan for its implementation already well under way. Our diversified business model and balance sheet strength form the foundation for our future progress, and position HSBC well to deal with today s challenging economic and financial conditions.
2015 was marked by some seismic shifts in global economic conditions, most notably the continuation of a sharp decline in commodity and oil prices, in part attributable to growing concerns over China s slowing economic growth. As a consequence, monetary policy remained accommodative throughout the major developed economies and key currency interest rates remained at historically low levels. Fiscal priorities continued to focus on controlling spending, an emphasis replicated in the private sector as weak revenue growth persisted in many industries.
Against this backdrop, the Group s financial performance in 2015 was broadly satisfactory, with reported profit before tax rising 1% to $18.9bn. On the adjusted basis used to measure management and business performance, profit before tax of $20.4bn was 7% lower than that achieved in 2014, driven by higher costs and credit charges.
Earnings per share of $0.65 compared with $0.69 in 2014. Sound management of capital, accelerated run-off of legacy books and shrinking the balance sheet in areas that can no longer support the expanded capital requirements now in force, contributed to the common equity tier 1 ratio increasing by 0.8 percentage points to 11.9%.
This capital released from managing the asset base, together with that generated from operations, allowed the Board to approve a fourth interim dividend in respect of 2015 of $0.21 per ordinary share. This took dividends per ordinary share in respect of the year to $0.51, $0.01 higher than 2014. Total dividends in respect of 2015 amounted to $10.0bn, $0.4bn higher than in respect of 2014.
In approving the dividend increase, the Board noted that prospective dividend growth remained dependent upon the long-term overall profitability of the Group and delivering further release of less efficiently deployed capital. Actions to address these points are core elements of the Investor Update provided last June.
Sound progress on strategic initiatives The Strategic Report highlights delivery to date against the strategic objectives laid out in last June s Investor Update.
When assessing management performance during 2015, outside of the financial results, the Board took particular account of the following aspects.
The successful negotiation of a majority stake in a new nationally licensed securities joint-venture in mainland China is the culmination of more than a decade of seeking out an appropriate platform through which to participate in the country s fast-developing securities markets.
Once final approvals have been received, we believe this will establish a landmark opportunity for HSBC to contribute to the development of China s capital markets.
Our three major businesses generated higher revenue, notwithstanding the uncertain economic environment and the considerable reshaping necessitated by regulatory changes During 2015, the Group maintained, reinforced and broadened its leadership position in all aspects of the internationalisation of the renminbi. This position has been built over the past five years to establish a highly competitive platform to service China s international trade and investment flows as it pursues the financial liberalisation and outgoing investment priorities laid out in the recent 13th five-year plan. The recent highly successful State visit to the UK, following an equally successful Economic and Financial dialogue in China, served to illustrate the huge potential for mutually beneficial cooperation between the UK and China from which HSBC is uniquely positioned to benefit in the realm of financial services.
The disposal of our Brazilian operations, which is expected to complete shortly, was both timely and well executed. This divestment was a key element of the Board s desire to simplify the Group and redeploy capital to geographic areas where we have greater competitive strength, most particularly in Asia.
Our three major businesses generated higher revenue, notwithstanding the uncertain economic environment and the considerable reshaping necessitated by regulatory changes. Global Banking and Markets and Retail Banking and Wealth Management, in particular, have made significant changes to their business models and are now beginning to see the benefits. Commercial Banking continued to leverage the value of the Group s international network and product capabilities.
Global Private Banking, chastened by the exposure of historical failings in Switzerland, accelerated disposal of a number of customer portfolios as it refocused its business model on core customer segments within a fully transparent operating model.
Across all businesses, the Board recognised a heightened emphasis on customer focus, which permeated recruitment, training, product design and incentives. This is essential to the restoration 
Finally, and underpinning the above, we made further progress embedding the standards now expected to protect customers and the financial system from bad actors and financial crime. We are, however, not yet where we need to be. There is still more investment to make with ever greater urgency as more and more activity takes place digitally through multiple channels and via increasingly sophisticated mobile devices. HSBC s determination to address emerging risks and identify bad actors remains resolute. The Board has made it one of its top priorities to oversee and ensure management s delivery of the necessary enhancements to customer and transaction screening systems.
The regulatory landscape has 
The second half of 2015 saw completion of some of the most important and complex initiatives undertaken to repair the fault lines that contributed to the global financial crisis. International agreement was reached on the amount of total loss-absorbing capacity that global systemically important banks, such as HSBC, need for orderly resolution, without risks to public funds. This allowed the Financial Stability Board to report to G20 leaders that they had finalised the tools needed to end too big to fail in the banking sector. There is still much to do to build these tools into national legislative and regulatory frameworks; however, this international agreement is an important step forward towards finally settling the capital base against which we can assess our target returns.
There is now broad agreement that the implementation of the suite of regulatory reforms introduced post-crisis has made the financial system more resilient. Accordingly, public policy priorities are now focusing on harnessing this greater strength and resilience to support economic growth, which 
Concentration within the current regulatory agenda is increasingly on new and emerging risks and vulnerabilities. There is growing industry participation in dialogue around these emerging threats, most notably regarding cyber risk, the changing liquidity dynamics resulting from more market-based finance and financial exclusion stemming from excessive risk aversion.
Likewise, addressing the root causes of the misconduct issues that have bedevilled our industry in recent years has led to growing cooperation arising out of the multiplicity of joint working groups and enquiries that have examined the most serious failings. 2016 sees the introduction of the new Senior Managers Regime in the UK, which will reinforce individual responsibility and accountability, which we welcome.
Also in the UK, 2015 saw further clarity given to the operation of the ring-fenced bank structure and a welcome announcement of a reduction in the scope and rate of the bank levy going forward.
It is too early to say whether this amounts to a new understanding between the industry and the public, but it is encouraging that the industry is once again gaining a voice at a time of great economic and geopolitical uncertainty. We can only fulfil our essential role if we have regained trust, a fact that is now fully understood.
Review of headquarters location As we announced last week, the Board concluded its review of domicile alternatives and decided unanimously to remain headquartered in the UK.
As we evaluated jurisdictions against the specified criteria, it became clear that the combination of our strategic focus on Asia and maintaining our hub in one of the world s leading international financial centres, London, was not only compatible, but offered the best outcome for our customers and shareholders. This decision was taken after some 10 months of careful analysis and assessment of geopolitical, economic, regulatory and financial factors. Advice was taken from internationally respected experts and from leading financial advisers. After considering all the relevant factors, the Board concluded that having our headquarters in the UK and our significant business in Asia Pacific led from Hong Kong, delivers the best of both worlds to our stakeholders. The completion of this review closes out one of the 10 strategic actions set out at our Investor Update last June.

Subsequent to the changes announced with our interim results, we have made further changes to the Board. Safra Catz stepped down from the Board at the end of 2015 and Sir Simon Robertson, our Deputy Chairman, and Rona Fairhead will retire at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
There is now broad agreement that the implementation of the suite of regulatory reforms introduced post-crisis has made the financial system more resilient Safra served on the Board for nearly eight years while Simon and Rona are HSBC s longest serving non-executive Directors, having served for close to 10 and 12 years, respectively. Over their respective periods of service, they have made invaluable contributions to the Group, not least during the global financial crisis, for which the Board is extremely grateful. Their combined expertise and experience in matters of governance, audit and risk, remuneration, technology, and international business affairs has been invaluable to HSBC and they will, upon their retirement, be sorely missed. On behalf of shareholders and the Board, I want to take this further opportunity to recognise their immense contributions to HSBC.
The Board was delighted to announce the appointments of Paul Walsh and Henri de Castries as independent non-executive Directors. Paul joined the Board on 1 January 2016 and Henri s appointment takes effect from 1 March 2016.
Paul Walsh was Group CEO of Diageo plc between 2000 and 2013. Under his leadership, Diageo was refocused from a diversified food, beverage and hotels conglomerate into one of the world s leading global alcoholic beverage businesses. In building this position, Paul took Diageo from a largely European and US business into emerging markets and to global leadership through the acquisition of many of the world s leading brands.
Henri de Castries has more than 25 years of international experience in the finance industry.
Henri has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of AXA, one of the world s leading global insurance and asset management companies since April 2010 after serving as Chairman of its Management Board from May 2000.
Their international experience and track record in leading the reshaping of growing businesses, including undertaking business portfolio realignments, will be of great value to the Board as we address the opportunities and challenges ahead.
Looking back our 150th anniversary In 2015, HSBC marked its 150th anniversary by recognising its staff for their essential contributions through the ages, and its customers for their shared commitment and loyalty. As we enter the next period of our history, I want to reiterate these messages of gratitude and underline our recognition that such commitment and loyalty have to be earned.
HSBC has also always recognised its responsibilities to the communities it serves and so in this special year committed $150m of additional funding to community projects around the world over 
We also wanted to identify a distinctive cause with global significance to mark our special anniversary.
We enter 2016 with a clear strategy and with much of the Group s required reshaping completed or under way We were delighted, therefore, to announce a partnership with Cancer Research UK to support the scientific leaders of tomorrow through a $25m contribution towards the development and construction of the Francis Crick Institute.
This state-of-the-art biomedical research facility will open in the heart of London in 2016 and support more than 1,200 scientists, collaborating to tackle the diseases that pose the greatest threat to humanity cancer, heart disease, lung disease and infectious diseases, including HIV and malaria.
To mark HSBC s support, 150 PhD students, selected from across the world, will have the opportunity to conduct vital research at the 
Current market conditions are inevitably concentrating attention on the risks that exist within the global economy. It is, however, important also to recognise again the resilience that our diversified business model and balance sheet strength provide, as well as noting the many counterbalances that should help to underpin the global economy.
China s slower economic growth will undoubtedly contribute to a bumpier financial environment, but it is still expected to be the largest contributor to global growth as its economy transitions to higher added value manufacturing and services and becomes more consumer driven. This transition is driving our focus on the Pearl River Delta as a priority growth opportunity given its concentration of high tech, research focused and digital businesses.
There is a real possibility of meaningful stimulus for the global economy to come from further trade liberalisation initiatives such as the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, which was signed earlier 
The global focus on infrastructure development, most notably the Belt and Road initiative in China and the Juncker plan in Europe will expand public private financing opportunities.
Similarly, the agreements reached on climate change at the recent COP21 conference in Paris will require further significant infrastructure renewal. They will also greatly expand the market for sustainable financing options such as green bonds where HSBC is a leading participant. Reinforcing this position, the Group recently committed $1bn to a green bond portfolio to fund projects in sectors such as renewable energy, energy efficiency, clean transportation and climate change adaption as well as SME financing in sectors such as public transport, education and healthcare.
Technology advancements in financial services are broadening access, improving customer service and lowering the costs of service delivery. At the same time, the amount of data held digitally is exploding, reinforcing the need to bolster cyber security. There is an urgent public policy need to clarify how responsibility is to be shared, given the growing number of routes through which customers can authorise movement of money from their accounts or the sharing of data within these accounts.
We enter 2016 with a clear strategy and with much of the Group s required reshaping completed or under way. Our 264,000 staff, like their predecessors, went the extra mile consistently throughout 2015 to meet the demands placed on them by our customers, regulators and the public. I want to place on the record the Board s appreciation of that commitment and our gratitude for what they have achieved to make HSBC fit for the next 150 years.

