Chairman s Statement 8 SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 201415 I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.

The Group s underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2015, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to HK$19,825 million, compared to HK$21,415 million last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$7.07, compared to HK$7.95 last year.
Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company s shareholders were HK$31,082 million and HK$11.09 respectively, compared to HK$33,520 million and HK$12.45 last year. The reported profit included an increase in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and non-controlling interests of HK$12,350 million, compared to HK$12,838 million 
The directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.40 per share for the year ended 30 June 2015. The dividend will be payable on 26 November 2015. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.95 per share, the dividend for the full year will be HK$3.35 per share, the same as last year.

Property Sales and Rental Income 
Revenue from property sales for the year under review as recorded in the financial statements, including revenue from joint-venture projects, was HK$21,704 million, generating a profit of HK$7,332 million for the Group as compared to HK$10,511 million for last year. Contracted sales in attributable terms for the year, which mainly reflected bookings in subsequent years, were impressively strong, amounting to over HK$37,500 million. Contracted sales since July 2015 have reached about HK$6,000 million.

The Group s rental portfolio continued to deliver satisfactory performance for the year under review. Rental income from both Hong Kong and the mainland grew steadily, driven by higher rents for new leases and renewals. Gross rental income, including contributions from jointventure projects, rose 6% year-on-year to HK$19,681 million while net rental income increased 8% year-on-year to HK$15,352 million.
Property Business Hong Kong 
In the year under review, the Group stayed active in the land market and acquired six sites through public tenders. These sites, with a combined gross floor area of 4.9 million square feet, are at strategic locations and will be utilized mostly for developing large-scale residential projects that offer economies of scale. The majority of the units to be built will be of small-to-medium sizes. Site details are shown in the following table.
Driven by active land acquisitions, the Group s land bank has been expanding in recent years. As at the end of June 2015, the Group s total land bank in Hong Kong amounted to 50.8 million square feet, comprising 28.7 million square feet of completed investment properties and 22.1 million square feet of properties under development. The Group also held over 30 million square feet in terms of site area of agricultural land spanning throughout the New Territories.
These sites are mostly located along existing or planned railway lines and under various stages of land use conversions.
After the end of the financial year, the Group continued to capitalize on land acquisition opportunities in Hong Kong and successfully bid for the tenders for developing two additional sites. In July, the Group acquired a site in Ma Tau Kok close to an MTR station currently under construction with a total gross floor area of about 105,000 square feet. In the following month, the development right for another site above the MTR Yuen Long Station with a total gross floor area of 1.5 million square feet was acquired. This development will provide nearly 1,900 residential units and about 107,000 square feet of retail space, bringing much synergy as an integral part of the Group s YOHO Mall. A substantial portion of these two developments will offer residential units of mainly small-to-medium sizes. With these two new acquisitions, the Group s total land bank in Hong Kong has been increased to 52.4 million 
Sales in the primary market stayed robust with active new launches by developers, while transactions in the secondary market were affected by further tightening of mortgage financing by the authority in late February this year and the recent stock market volatility. Interest rates stayed at a low level, despite anticipations for a modest increase in US interest rates beginning later this year. This low interest rate environment, together with positive demographic trends and sustained income growth, continued to underpin demand, particularly for the segment of small- to medium-sized units.
The Group continues to strengthen its market position, underpinned by its active new project launches. During the year, the Group offered a wide range of products for sale and generated a favourable response from the market. Residential projects comprising mainly small- to mediumsized units, including The Wings IIIA and The Wings IIIB in Tseung Kwan O, and the first phase of Century Link in Tung Chung, have been over 95% sold. Luxury projects were also well received, including Deauville in Tsuen Wan West, a new batch of units of The Cullinan at Airport Express Kowloon Station, and the houses at Twelve Peaks and 50 Stanley Village Road on Hong Kong Island.
Offices at W50 in Wong Chuk Hang were virtually sold out shortly after the project was put up for sale in July last year. All these have contributed to the strong contracted sales of nearly HK$32,000 million in Hong Kong for the year. The initial batches of Ultima in Ho Man Tin were put onto the market in June this year. With an average price of about HK$40 million for each unit sold, the development generated sales of about HK$4,500 million from June to August.
An indispensable part of the Group s corporate culture is the pursuit of excellence. Over the years, it has earned a reputation for quality products and services, which enables it to command a price premium in the market. Apart from premium materials and fine finishes, the Group is also recognized for its expertise in integrating the design and master layout of its projects with the surrounding environment. These value enhancement endeavours, together with better construction cost management, have helped support the margins of development projects.
During the year, the Group completed more than one million square feet of properties in Hong Kong, of which 900,000 square feet 
Supported by a sizable portfolio of investment properties with over 28.7 million square feet of gross floor area, the Group s rental business in Hong Kong delivered a healthy performance during the year. Gross rental income, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 7% to HK$15,675 million, mainly driven by positive rental reversions and higher rents for new leases. Overall occupancy also remained high at around 95%.

With an extensive network of shopping malls, the Group now owns over ten million square feet of retail space in Hong Kong. This quality and diversified portfolio continued to reinforce the Group s leading position in the retail leasing market and supported its rental income growth. Overall tenant sales growth at major shopping malls outperformed the Hong Kong retail market, with positive rental reversions and high occupancy.
With a primary focus on serving local customers, the Group s regional malls in diversified locations have built up a solid customer base over the years and continued to benefit from the growth in domestic consumption. Such renowned malls as APM, IFC Mall, New Town Plaza, Tai Po Mega Mall, Landmark North, East Point City and V City sustained their satisfactory performance. Tenant mix refinements were carried out to better meet the needs of the neighborhoods. Additional trendy fashion and lifestyle brands as well as popular eateries were introduced to enhance overall shopping experience for customers.
The Group has made considerable efforts to enhance the asset quality of the existing malls to maintain their competitiveness. This commitment to premium quality is well demonstrated by the renovation and reconfiguration of the Grand Century Place mall in Mong Kok, which was renamed MOKO. With the completion of its renovation in August this year, the mall has introduced various international brands and restaurants that are either new to the district or to the city. The new layouts with themed floors and additional escalators have drawn higher traffic flows and offered customers greater convenience.
The mall is now fully let and has recorded significant rental income growth.
Renovations at other malls are also progressing well. To capitalize on opportunities arising from Kowloon East, APM is currently implementing various upgrading works, including the conversion of over 150,000 square feet of office space into retail use as well as an extensive greening project at the podium garden. Metroplaza is a shopping hub for its neighbouring area, serving locals and the nearby office workforce. Its renovation work, commenced late last year to enhance its market positioning, covers floor layout reconfiguration, indoor decor enhancement, as well as additional greening at the outdoor piazza. Tenant mix will also be further refined with the introduction of international trendy brands.
The Group s retail portfolio will be further bolstered with the addition of new projects in the pipeline. To be opened in phases, YOHO Mall, comprising Sun Yuen Long Centre, the retail portions of YOHO Midtown and Grand YOHO as well as the retail space of the recently acquired site above MTR Yuen Long Station, covers an area of about 1.1 million square feet. The retail space of YOHO Midtown has opened recently. Renovation of the adjacent Sun Yuen Long Centre will also be completed in late 2015. These two parts, which are fully let, will provide a retail space of over 500,000 square feet and house over 200 shops, including a variety of international eateries, some of which are entering northwest New Territories for the first time. The 470,000-square-foot retail space under Grand YOHO is scheduled to open in 2017. The site above MTR Yuen Long Station will provide an additional 107,000 square feet of retail area. YOHO Mall will feature leisure elements including 120,000 square feet of green space and an outdoor piazza to offer customers a relaxing shopping environment. Upon its full completion, YOHO Mall will represent the largest shopping destination in northwest New Territories, comparable to New Town Plaza in the east.
Following YOHO Mall, other upcoming additions to the Group s retail network will include PopWalk in Tseung Kwan O and Harbour North in North Point. To be developed in phases, PopWalk, beneath the Group s residential projects near MTR Tseung Kwan O Station, will have a total of over 240,000 square feet of retail space. Given its proximity and easy access to the MTR station and nearby properties, PopWalk is well positioned to capture the rising demand for shopping, entertainment and leisure in the expanding community. The first phase of PopWalk, with around 66,000 square feet of retail space, is scheduled to open in the second quarter of 2016 and the market response to pre-leasing has been 
Meanwhile, Harbour North situated right next to MTR North Point Station will house over 140,000 square feet of retail space with a diverse mix of tenants, targeting residents and people working in the neighborhood as well as tourists. With a glamorous facade spanning 270 metres on Java Road, high quality tenants will be attracted and will help turn the street into a prosperous retail avenue. In addition, customers can enjoy al fresco dining along the 410-metre waterfront promenade with a panoramic view of Victoria Harbour. The project will be developed in two phases and is expected to further enhance the Group s rental income in the medium term. Apart from this, a premium shopping mall atop MTR Nam Cheong Station is also under development.
Served by an extensive network, the mall will provide 300,000 square feet of retail space for residents in the vicinity and from the densely populated West Kowloon.

During the year under review, modest rental growth and low vacancy rates were seen for grade-A offices in most areas of Hong Kong.
Situated in prime locations of various districts, the Group s ten-million-squarefoot office space generated promising results for the year. Occupancy levels remained high, and steady growth in rental income was recorded. The Group s premium offices, located mainly along railway lines with quality buildings and professional property management, have always been the preferred choices for multinational corporations.
Leasing demand for premium office space in Central has been solid during the year amid limited new supply while occupancies at the world-renowned International Finance Centre (IFC) further picked up to almost fully let. As a prestigious address for international financial institutions in Hong Kong, IFC also saw strong demand from mainland financial institutions.
International Commerce Centre (ICC), above Airport Express Kowloon Station and next to the future Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link terminus, offers tenants unparalleled convenience. Rising demand from major financial institutions, including those from the mainland, has enabled spot rent at ICC to remain high. Strong rental reversions on new leases and renewals were recorded during the year.
The Group s office portfolio in other areas also performed well. With robust demand from both multinationals and local enterprises, occupancy of the Group s Millennium City cluster remained high, and positive rental reversions were achieved for the year. Other premium office space such as Sun Hung Kai Centre in Wan Chai, Grand Central Plaza in Sha Tin, and Metroplaza in Kwai Fong continued to attract quality tenants from diverse sectors with high occupancies during the year.
Property Business Mainland 
As at the end of June 2015, the Group s total land bank on the mainland amounted to 79.6 million square feet with about 68 million square feet of properties under development, over 60% of which will be high-end residences or serviced apartments. The remaining portion is earmarked for development into premium offices, shopping malls and hotels. In addition, the Group held 11.6 million square feet of completed investment properties, comprising mainly premium offices and shopping centres at prime locations in firsttier cities, including Shanghai, Beijing and 
In July this year, the Group reduced its stake from 80% to 50% in Oriental Bund, a large-scale integrated development in Foshan in Guangdong, with the aim of reallocating more resources, in particular human resources, to other projects in first-tier cities, including the Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai. The Group s total land bank on the mainland stood at 71 million square feet following the disposal of related stakes. The Group will continue to seek business opportunities in first-tier cities.

The mainland residential market was active amid a benign policy environment and growing buyer s confidence over the past few months. First-tier cities, in particular, witnessed a notable rebound in home sales with prices firming up while their land markets also entered the year on a positive note. Nevertheless, destocking remained the main theme in lower-tier cities, with relatively soft 
During the year, the Group achieved contracted sales of over HK$5,800 million on the mainland in attributable terms. Major contributors included the whollyowned Shanghai Arch in Lujiazui and Shanghai Cullinan on Middle Huaihai Road, as well as joint-venture projects Oriental Bund in Foshan and The Woodland in Zhongshan.
Project Location Usage Group s Interest 
Gross Floor Area 
Two ICC 288 South Shaanxi Road, Shanghai Office 100 630,000 Hangzhou MIXC Phases 2A & B Qianjiang New City, Hangzhou OfficeShops 40 798,000 Foothill Residence 76 Shanhusha Road, Zhijiang, 
Residential 40 781,000 Taihu International Community Phases 7A & B Taihu New City, Wuxi Residential 
Forest Hills Phases 1A & B Linhe East Road, Tianhe, Guangzhou ResidentialShops 70 651,000 Top Plaza Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou Office 33.3 221,000 Parc Central 218 Tianhe Road, Guangzhou Shopping Centre 50 431,000 Park Royale Phase 1B 1 Shiling Avenue East, Huadu, 
ResidentialShops 100 1,072,000 Jovo Town Phase 2B Shuangliu County, Chengdu Residential 91 750,000 Sirius Phases 1B & C Jinjiang District, Chengdu ResidentialShops 40 429,000 
The Group always upholds the belief of Building Homes with Heart, and it has extended the application from Hong Kong to the mainland. The Group strives to exceed customer expectations by delivering premium products and services, and its dedication to building quality homes has been highly acclaimed by buyers.
During the period under review, a gross floor area of approximately seven million square feet was completed on the mainland. Investment properties to be kept for rental purposes accounted for 28% of the gross floor area while the rest are properties developed for sale.

The Group s mainland investment property portfolio continued to expand and deliver satisfactory rental income growth. As at the end of June 2015, the completed investment property portfolio reached an attributable 11.6 million square feet, most of which is located in prime cities such as Shanghai and Beijing. For the year under review, gross rental income, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 7% to HK$3,319 million, mainly driven by positive rental reversions.
Investment properties in the pipeline, mostly located in first-tier cities, are expected to further drive growth momentum in rental income upon completion. An addition to be opened soon is the 50%-owned Parc Central, located on the bustling Tianhe Road in Guangzhou. Commanding a prime spot in the ever-busy Tianhe District, this 900,000-square-foot mall is well served by an extensive transport network and populous residential establishments in the neighborhood. The mall, offering a variety of international fashion brands and specialty restaurants, will be opened in the first half of 2016. Response to pre-leasing has been encouraging.
Guangzhou is also home to the Group s 33.3%-owned IGC (International Grand City), a one-million-square-foot mall embedded in the central business district of Zhujiang New Town. Upon opening in 2016, IGC will house prominent affordable luxury retail brands, quality eateries and popular entertainment. Adjacent to Liede metro station and surrounded by premium offices, luxury hotels and high-end residences, IGC is well positioned as a onestop mall for executives, business travellers and local families.
Complementing the Group s strong presence in Shanghai, the construction of the iconic Shanghai ICC integrated project in Puxi was finished during the year, marked by the completion of Two ICC office tower. Occupancy at One ICC office tower remained high as reputable international corporate tenants have been attracted to the project s prime location, high quality and topnotch property management services. Leasing at Two ICC is also progressing smoothly. The trendy and luxury shopping mall, IAPM, is now fully let and brings in various international brands and fine restaurants, some of which are new to Shanghai or the mainland. Both traffic flow and tenant sales have ramped up fast since opening two years ago.
Another flagship project, Shanghai IFC in Pudong, continued to perform well. Both office towers were fully occupied, mainly due to their advantageous location in the Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone. The top-tier luxury Shanghai IFC Mall recorded healthy growth in both footfall and tenant sales. Internal renovation and construction work on external connections with nearby buildings are ongoing, aiming to provide customers with a better shopping experience and 
Besides Shanghai ICC and Shanghai IFC, the 100%-owned Xujiahui Centre project in Xuhui District will further bolster the Group s strong presence in Shanghai. With a total gross floor area of 7.6 million square feet, the Xujiahui Centre project will be developed into a complex consisting of premium offices, high-end shopping space and a luxury hotel. In addition to its direct linkage to Xujiahui metro station which serves as an interchange for three metro lines, footbridges will be built to connect the whole development as well as major properties in the neighbourhood.
The extensive network is expected to draw a high traffic to this landmark project in Puxi. As a longterm investment, the project is expected to become a major growth driver for the Group s future rental income. Superstructure of Lot 1 located on Huashan Road is expected to be topped out by the end of 2015. Pre-leasing of its 330,000-square-foot shopping mall and 180,000-square-foot offices has already begun.
Foundation works for Lot 2, which consists of 45,000 square feet of retail space and 319,000 square feet of office, have also commenced.
Located at the heart of Wangfujing, Beijing APM represents the Group s presence in the capital. Retail sales at the mall recorded healthy growth following the Group s initiatives to further boost the mall s performance through tenant mix refinements. Close to 30 new tenants were brought in during the year under review, and a new zone dedicated to affordable luxury brands will be introduced to appeal to both locals and tourists. Sun Dong An Office Tower registered high occupancy and strong rental reversions.
The Group is also developing a number of integrated investment projects at prime locations in other key cities, including the 100%-owned Nanjing IFC.
This integrated project consists of over three million square feet of gross floor area, comprising quality offices, a premium shopping mall and a luxury hotel.
The project is being developed in phases and its construction has been progressing well. The gradual completion of these investment projects will become one of the key drivers for the Group s rental income.

Beginning in late 2014, the hotel industry in Hong Kong has been through an eventful year in the face of a number of headwinds, including a dip in visitor numbers and the strong US dollar which has eroded Hong Kong s price 
During the period, the Group was able to sustain high full-year occupancy levels of its hotels in Hong Kong through proactively taking promotion and marketing initiatives, despite an operating environment that has become more challenging over the past few months. The four Royal Brand hotels continued to see occupancies stay at about 95% while the two hotels opened in recent years, Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East and Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East, recorded further improvements in occupancies. The Group s deluxe hotels, including Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong and W Hong Kong, remained among the most sought-after hotels for high-spending tourists and business travellers.
Hotels in the pipeline in Hong Kong will include a waterfront hotel in North Point which will be a part of the Group s integrated project featuring the Harbour North shopping mall and high-end residences, as well as a premium hotel in Sha Tin which will be the sister project of Royal Park Hotel.
The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong continued to register notable growth in room rate and occupancy. With its prime location, sophisticated management and growing brand recognition on the mainland, the hotel has increasingly been a top pick for corporate clients and a favoured venue for glamourous wedding events, which also gave a boost to the hotel s food and beverage 
Telecommunications and Information 
SmarTone s net profit showed impressive increase as a result of growth in both service revenue and handset sales during the year under review. Apart from renewing its existing 3G spectrum and acquiring an additional spectrum block for future business growth, SmarTone has further enhanced its mobile broadband capacity and 4G coverage.
The company will continue to focus on quality network performance, premium customer care and innovative services in order to deliver a comprehensive experience to customers. The Group remains confident in SmarTone s prospects and will continue to hold the company as a longterm 
With its data centre as the core business, SUNeVision performed well and recorded satisfactory profit growth during the year. The new high-tier data centre in Tseung Kwan O will comprise over 470,000 square feet of gross floor area in two towers. Foundation work has been completed while the main contractor for the superstructure work was appointed in July. The development progress of the data centre is on schedule and is slated for completion in 2017.
Together with the existing centres in Chai Wan, Sha Tin and Tsuen Wan, the new centre will further help SUNeVision meet market demand for quality data centre services in terms of diversified locations and reliable building facilities.
Meanwhile, SUNeVision will continue to maintain its position as a major carrier-neutral data centre service provider in Hong Kong.
Infrastructure and Other Businesses The Group s transport and infrastructure businesses in Hong Kong performed satisfactorily for the year under review. Increasing demand for the convenience of business travel has meant a healthy performance for the Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre. Business at Route 3 (Country Park Section) continued to perform well while that of Wilson Group remained solid. Amid a relatively weak sea-freight market, the River Trade Terminal continued to strengthen its customer base and enhance its operational efficiency. The Airport Freight Forwarding Centre achieved rental income growth on the back of sustained demand for modern warehouse space.

Adhering to prudent financial management disciplines has been an important factor for the long-term success of the Group. The Group s strong financial position is reflected in its low net gearing ratio and high liquidity. As at the end of June 2015, the net debt to shareholders funds ratio was at a low level of 11.2%, while the interest coverage ratio remained healthy at 9.3 times for the year under review.
By the end of August 2015, the Group had received cash proceeds of about HK$14,500 million from the exercise of warrants. This served to replenish the Group s capital which was partly utilized for the land acquisition of the Xujiahui Centre project in the last financial year and to further enhance the Group s liquidity for its business development and expansion in the future.
With the strong support of the banking community, the Group has been able to procure an ample amount of unsecured bank facilities on a committed basis. In January 2015, the Group successfully self-arranged a five-year HK$10,000 million syndicated loan facility to refinance part of its debts due, and to lengthen its maturity profile.
In recognition of its strong financial position and prudent financial discipline, the Group has been awarded the highest credit ratings among property companies in Hong Kong. Both Moody s and Standard & Poor s have affirmed the Group s A1 and A+ credit ratings respectively, with stable outlooks.
The majority of the Group s bank facilities are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with the remaining portion mainly in US dollars and Renminbi. The Group does not have any exposure to derivatives or structured products for 
A commitment to high standards of corporate governance is one of the keys to the Group s continued success. The Group has a comprehensive set of mechanisms in place to ensure sound corporate governance practices.
The Board comprises 19 Directors who are respected experts from various industries with diversified expertise and experience. Seven of them are Independent Non-Executive Directors (INEDs). The Executive Committee meets regularly to set business policies and make key business decisions. Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees are also in place and chaired by INEDs. The Board maintains and consistently assesses the effectiveness of the internal control system by evaluating reviews performed by the Audit Committee, management and both internal and external auditors.
Maintaining effective two-way communication to promote better understanding and transparency is an important priority for the Group. During the year, the Group hosted overseas non-deal road shows in addition to regular meetings and conference calls, to keep stakeholders informed of its business strategies and latest developments.
Other communication channels include annual and interim reports, press releases and formal announcements, all of which can also be found on the Company s website.
The Group s commitment to good corporate governance and quality management earned various major awards from leading financial magazines over the year, including Best Managed Company in the Real EstateProperty Sector in Asia from Euromoney magazine. It received recognitions for Best Investor Relations, Best Corporate Social Responsibility and Best Environmental Responsibility in Hong Kong from Corporate Governance Asia magazine. A Platinum Award in Financial Performance, Corporate Governance, Social Responsibility, Environmental Responsibility and Investor Relations was also earned from The Asset magazine.

The core of the Group s sustainable development principle is to build business for the long term while taking into consideration the social, environmental and economic impact of its planning and operation. Guided by the spirit of Building Homes with Heart, the Group s approach to sustainability manifests in its commitment to providing quality products and services, and the continuous development of staff. Additionally, the Group has adopted a threepronged approach to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility (CSR), focusing on promoting reading and holistic development, supporting healthy and sustainable living, and caring for the underprivileged.
Notable among its comprehensive CSR programmes includes the title and charity sponsorship of an international cycling event organized by the Hong Kong Tourism Board, named the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong Cyclothon. Scheduled for October 2015, the event, together with the annual SHKP Vertical Run for Charity in December, is set to bring the Group s commitment to promoting healthy living and goodwill in the community to a new level. Proceeds from both events will go to worthy causes that provide assistance to the underprivileged. Support for the Group s other community activities, including the SHKP Reading Club, the Love Nature Campaign and the Building Homes with Heart Caring Initiative, has remained strong. These programmes are making significant contributions to the communities in which the Group operates.
The Group published the 201314 SHKP Sustainability Report in accordance with the G4 reporting guidelines (the international standard of the Global Reporting Initiative) as well as the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide issued by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The report also featured a new online data management system that expanded the reporting scope on key environmental metrics.
As a successful sustainability strategy calls for resilience over time, the Group is committed to extending its tradition of creating premium customer experience through quality products. This focus is of primary importance in a market where quality-related concerns, such as the hardware of buildings and later-stage maintenance, are key issues. The SHKP Quality Campaign, a groupwide and long-term initiative aimed at both policy and operations, helps establish the highest quality benchmarks for the Group. Through this campaign the Group became and remains the only developer offering threeyear quality guarantees for newly sold residential units in Hong Kong. The Quality Raising Suggestion Scheme, which celebrated its 22nd anniversary, reinforced the Group s organizational focus on quality improvement for products and services.
The Group s view on quality extends beyond construction to comprehensive after-sales services. The property management subsidiaries Hong Yip and Kai Shing continue to offer premium customer care, while shopping malls and offices relentlessly strive to provide excellent shopping and commercial experiences. The Group s proactive approach to foster two-way communication has been successful in building long-term relationships with customers. The SHKP Club continued to build closer ties with its 
As a responsible employer, the Group s commitment to staff development not only contributes to the well-being of its employees but also improves their performance at work. The Group remained dedicated to offering training and development programmes to staff at all levels for continuous growth. The SHKP Quality Academy, a platform to bring in the best and brightest experts in various fields to help broaden and deepen the staff knowledge base, offers courses in diverse disciplines including architecture, construction, management and 
Global economic conditions in the near term are likely to be challenging in view of the latest stock market volatility, worries over decelerating economic growth in emerging markets and possible US interest rate hikes. Nevertheless, the easing of monetary policies is expected to continue in major economies including the EU, Japan and China, lending support to the global economy. Meanwhile, geopolitical risks have diminished following significant improvements in foreign affairs in certain regions of political 
For the mainland, the Group remains confident about the medium- to longterm outlook of its economy and the property market, despite a slowdown in its economic momentum and equity market volatility in the short term. The central government is pushing ahead with longer-term developmental plans.
The recent One Belt One Road initiative is expected to enhance China s economic cooperation with its neighbouring countries and help Chinese enterprises develop new overseas markets. Continuous state-owned enterprises reforms, the establishment of the Silk Road Infrastructure Fund and the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will also serve as drivers for the mainland s economic development over time.
The Hong Kong economy is facing a challenging international financial market environment and weakening external demand in the near term, but over the medium term, the economy is expected to benefit from the mainland s favourable policies including Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Mutual Recognition of Funds initiative. Furthermore, continuing income growth, positive demographic trends and reasonable home-mortgage repayment affordability, will also help maintain a healthy local residential market, particularly in the primary segment.
Over the past few years, the Group has been actively acquiring land in Hong Kong, and its residential production volume in attributable terms in the financial year 201516 will increase to over 3.8 million square feet, with a majority of the units already been pre-sold. The Group will continue to launch projects for sale when they are ready. Century Link II in Tung Chung is currently offered for sale with positive market response. In the coming months, major projects to be put onto the market in Hong Kong include Phase 1 of Grand YOHO in Yuen Long, Phase 1 of Park Vista in Yuen Long East, and residential units at Tseung Kwan O Town Lot No. 118. These projects are expected to offer satisfactory profit margins. Major mainland projects to be offered for sale will include quality office space at GCC (Guangzhou Commerce Centre) adjacent to the through-train station in Tianhe District in Guangzhou downtown, as well as a batch of new units at Shanghai Arch, Shanghai Cullinan and Oriental Bund in Foshan.
The Group will continue to strengthen the competitiveness of its rental portfolio through asset enhancement initiatives and tenant- and trade-mix refinements. The Group s future rental income is expected to achieve steady growth amid positive rental reversions, sustained high occupancies and new investment properties that are coming on stream. Over 1.7 million square feet of attributable retail space located in Hong Kong, Guangzhou and Shanghai are to be opened in the next two to three years.
In Hong Kong, the retail portion of YOHO Midtown, being part of the largest retail hub in northwest New Territories, has recently opened.
Also, the first phase of PopWalk at the Group s residential enclave in Tseung Kwan O South will commence operation in the first quarter next year. Other shopping space in the pipeline will include a waterfront shopping mall, Harbour North, in North Point and a shopping centre beneath a large-scale residential development at MTR Nam Cheong Station.
On the mainland, two shopping malls in Guangzhou will be opened in 2016, namely Parc Central located in the core business centre in Guangzhou, and IGC as part of the integrated project Tianhui Plaza at Zhujiang New Town.
Office towers and the shopping mall located at Lot 1 on Huashan Road of the mega Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai is also likely to be completed in the financial year 201617. These, coupled with the gradual leasing of the subsequent phases of the Xujiahui Centre project, will further elevate the Group s role as a outstanding Hong Kong developer with a sizeable base of rental revenue on the mainland.
The Group will continue to strengthen its core businesses, namely property developments for sale, and investment properties for rental. With abundant cash flows supported by high asset turnover and steady growth in recurrent income, together with a robust balance sheet, healthy gearing and capital raised from the exercise of warrants, the Group is well positioned to capitalize on land acquisition opportunities, particularly in Hong Kong. A selective approach will remain for business development on the mainland with a focus on first-tier cities. The Group will also strive to maintain its leading position in the market with its prestige branding strategy of premium products and services, while putting emphasis on cost efficiency in construction work.
The Group s results for the coming financial year are expected to be encouraging, barring unforeseen circumstances.

