To Our Shareholders, In his academic collections, Karl Ritter, a famous German geography educator and the founder of Human Geography as a branch of modern Geography, stressed that Geography was the scientific study of the frameworks and theories of the delineation of space and place, revealing the uniqueness of a region by studying the interrelationship between geographic phenomena; and that a region had its own unique form and position and played a role in the development of mankind and its cultural behaviour, describing humanity by a nature-based approach. Such notion of analysis which blended and integrated the factor of the physical environment had led to the subsequent emergence of Political Geography and Geopolitics, deeply influencing the development of researches which pointed to geographic environment as a factor determining the physical and mental state of mankind as well as human distribution, social phenomena and its course of 
During the long-standing development of mankind, an individual would, at different development stages and under the particularities of culture and environment, flexibly blend his unique living culture and mode by integrating personal and collective experiences, to pave his own distinctly individual way of life. It is always contemplated in an entrepreneur s mind as to how to pave way for the perpetual development of an enterprise. Mingling elements which are distinctly existent in a particular era and turning them into the unique strengths of an enterprise is the key 
Take the history of China s development as an example. In his An Introduction to the Cultural History of China 
SS 0, Ch ien Mu, a Chinese Studies maestro, pointed out that Chinese culture had undergone various stages of development and generally been able to integrate different culture in a positive way, under the attitude of being vividly and extensively keen, and willing to accept and assimilate new foreign materials for nourishing its own old tradition.
Annual Report 2015 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 15 This year marked the 45th anniversary of New World Group. During the course of its long-standing development, the Group has faced challenges and opportunities at different stages. The unity, perseverance and seamless collaboration of our staff have reaped precious achievements for the Group in numerous aspects. We are not, however, overly self-satisfied for that. In the course of its corporate development, the Group has always stayed in line with latest development. With its open mindset, the Group has been able to blend all creative ideas and advices from different cultures, different social settings, different perspectives and different aspects to deliver to the general public new experience of life and living which is uniquely available from the New World brand, vastly uplifting the competitiveness of its core property development business and its brand equity.
Under The Artisanal Movement, which marks a new page for the development of the Group, unique brand characters will be seen in all future developments of the Group.
This will be a journey of exploring unlimited imagination, one that will gather all of New World Group s tailor-made craftsmanship and innovative living experience in bringing modern life to a standard close to historic perpetuity.
Historic glory has paved the way for future success.
Remaining modest and pragmatic, the Group will continue to think boldly and creatively in pursuit of development opportunities and room for development, and work strenuously on its property development business. Further, the Group will continue to foster the excellent corporate culture of New World. Having clear and unified goals and sharing common values, the highly cohesive team of the Group will step forward and maximise the interests of our 
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry 
