Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2012.
Profit and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to HK$7,098 million, representing an increase of HK$1,538 million or 28% over HK$5,560 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011. Underlying earnings per share were HK$2.97 (2011: 
Including the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and deferred tax) of investment properties, the Group reported profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 was HK$20,208 million, representing an increase of HK$3,024 million or 18% over HK$17,184 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011. Reported earnings per share were HK$8.47 (2011: HK$7.44).
At 31 December 2012, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$205,212 million (or HK$84.97 per share), 11% higher than the amount of HK$185,336 million (or HK$78.23 per share) at 31 December 2011. Net debt (including the amount of HK$6,125 million (2011: HK$8,583 million) due to a wholly owned subsidiary of Henderson Development Limited which is controlled by the private family trusts of Dr Lee Shau Kee) amounted to HK$35,205 million (2011: HK$36,890 million) giving rise to a gearing ratio of 17.2% (2011: 19.9%).

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.74 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 11 June 2013, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.32 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012 will amount to HK$1.06 per share (2011: HK$1.00 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash, with an option granted to shareholders to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed final dividend and bonus shares, but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form will be sent to shareholders.
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of the final dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
The final dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to shareholders on Monday, 15 July 2013.
Issue of Bonus Shares The Board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share credited as fully paid for every ten shares held to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members on Tuesday, 11 June 2013. The relevant resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon the Listing Committee of The Stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be posted on Monday, 15 July 2013.
Business Review - Hong Kong In 2012, low interest rates, rising inflation as well as the low supply of housing units during the year led to the sustaining of high property prices. In response, the Government has launched a number of suppressive measures to cool down property prices. To illustrate 
Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, GBM Chairman and Managing Director 
one of the harshest measures imposed: for a non-local s purchase of a residential property at a price exceeding HK$20 million, it would attract a 15% Buyer s Stamp Duty on top of the doubling of the originally applicable 4.25% stamp duty with an additional 4.25% stamp duty. In other words, a total stamp duty of 23.5% on the stated consideration would be immediately payable upon purchase.
Such measures have dampened the sentiments among homebuyers, resulting in a moderate downtrend in property price and drastic drop in property transactions. Given the high construction cost and the scanty supply of newly completed residential units, property prices are expected to stay steady. As for commercial properties, which do not appear to be greatly affected despite the increase in stamp duty, they are expected to have a slight increase in price.
It transpires that such measures will cool down the overheated residential market and will facilitate its healthy development.

During the year under review, the Group actively promoted the pre-sale of a number of residential developments. High West at Sai Ying Pun was launched in July 2012 and nearly 90% of its total 133 boutique apartments were pre-sold at the year-end date. Double Cove (Phase 1) at Ma On Shan was launched in September 2012 with about 70% of its total 928 residential units pre-sold at the year-end date. Certain blocks of The Reach in Yuen Long were launched in October 2012 and out of the batch of 1,096 residential units offered, over 50% was pre-sold at the year-end date. Together with La Verte in Fanling, which was launched in early 2012 with all its 16 villas sold out, as well as an array of residential and office developments sold during the year, the Group s attributable sales revenue for the year amounted to 
Meanwhile, non-core investment properties were disposed of during the year under review and they included the entire 27,000-square-foot building of 579 Nathan Road , 17 houses of Casa Marina and 8 houses of The Beverly Hills at Tai Po, as well as the redevelopment site at 25 La Salle Road with an approved gross floor area of about 24,000 square feet. Proceeds arising from these disposals totalled HK$1,715 million. Including the aforesaid amount of sales revenue, the Group sold an attributable total of HK$13,424 million worth of properties for the year.
After the end of this financial year, the Group continued to release properties under development for sale in January 2013 including High Place at Kowloon City and High Point at Cheung Sha Wan, both under The H Collection (urban redevelopment boutique residences) series, with residential areas of about 27,000 square feet and 62,000 square feet, respectively. Both developments sold well and together with the sales of other projects, the total attributable contracted sales for the first two months of 2013 exceeded HK$2,730 million.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited, an associate of the Group, also put its Green Code at Fanling on sale in mid- March 2013. This project was well received by the market with 363 units, or approximately one half of its total residential units, sold last week. It shows that small to medium-sized units of superior quality are highly sought after by the local end-users.
In the coming years, various categories of development projects (with the exception of a few earmarked for rental purposes) will provide the following areas for sale as follows: (1) Unsold units from the major development projects offered for sale There are 9 development projects with the remaining units available for sale: (2) Projects pending sale in 2013 In the absence of unforeseen delays, the following projects are available for sale in 2013: (3) Remaining phases of Double Cove In the absence of unforeseen delays, phases 3 and 4 are expected to be available for sale in 2014, whilst phase 5 will be available for sale 
(4) Existing urban redevelopment projects for sales leasing The Group had a total of 5 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion, which are expected to provide about 1.36 million square feet in attributable gross floor area in the urban areas based on the Government s latest city planning and the dates of sale launch are not finalized as outlined below: (5) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects Ownership Fully Consolidated There are 14 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated and their expected gross floor areas, based on the Government s latest city planning, are as follows. In the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects are expected to be available for sale in 2014-2016: (6) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 80% ownership secured For the newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with over 80% ownership acquired, their ownership would be consolidated by proceeding to the court for compulsory sale under the Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance . In the event that no court order being granted, the Group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for development. If legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are expected to be available for sale in 2015-2017.
On the basis of the Government s latest city planning, the expected gross floor area is shown as follows: (7) Project in Progress The Group has successfully acquired over 60% interests in Merry Terrace at 4A-4P Seymour Road, which currently has a total of 196 housing units on a total site area of 52,466 square feet. The Group is working on a joint development agreement with another developer which also held some stakes. If the joint development is materialized, the aggregate ownership for this project may exceed 80% and it allows the application to the court for compulsory sale to proceed. Redevelopment of such a prestigious property, which is in a prime location at Mid-Levels with easy accessibility, will soon commence. Upon completion of redevelopment, the expected gross floor area attributable to the Group on the basis of the Government s latest city planning will be about 306,900 square feet.

Further acquisitions involving another 37 projects spanning various highly accessible urban districts are in progress and to date, over 20% but less than 80% of their ownerships have been acquired for these projects. Based on the Government s latest city planning and in the absence of unforeseen delays, they are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of about 4.2 million square feet upon successful consolidation of ownership and completion of redevelopment. However, such acquisitions bear uncertainty and the Group may not be able to consolidate all their ownerships: 
Instead of bidding for land at high prices through public auctions or tenders, the Group has chosen to replenish its land bank by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment and applying for land-use conversion for its portfolio of New Territories land.
Although such approach of land banking may involve a relatively longer period of time to accomplish as compared to that of public tenders, it ensures a more reliable source of land supply with a lower acquisition cost, which is beneficial to the Group s development returns in the long term.
The High West urban redevelopment project at Sai Ying Pun, which was launched for sale during the year under review, may serve as a manifest example. In terms of gross floor area approved by the Buildings Department, the average selling price for the units sold for this project is about HK$16,500 per square foot, whereas the acquisition cost is about HK$3,500 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses). As for Double Cove (Phase 1) at Ma On Shan, New Territories, which was sourced from land-use conversion, the average selling price for the units sold stands at HK$10,000 per square foot, whereas its acquisition cost (including the cost for acquisition of New Territories land and the land conversion premium) was merely HK$3,600 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses).
Hence, it is evident that profit contributions from projects of urban redevelopment as well as New Territories land are highly 
Area of Land Reserve At 31 December 2012, the Group had a land bank in Hong Kong with a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 20.9 million square feet, made up as follows: Land in Urban Area In order to provide the Group with a steady pipeline of urban land supply in the coming years, the Group has been active in acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment purposes. As mentioned above, to date the Group has 32 urban redevelopment projects of old tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership and they are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of about 2.7 million square feet. The total land cost is estimated at about HK$12,200 million (inclusive of the pricy street shops), translating into a land cost of approximately HK$4,500 per square foot of attributable gross floor area.
Whilst the strategy of the Group to acquire old tenement buildings for redevelopment is in line with government policies, it will also contribute to the well-being of our society. As the conditions of old dilapidated buildings will seriously worsen with the passage of time, their redevelopment can greatly enhance the city image, creating a more pleasant urban landscape. In addition, the owners of aged buildings will have a chance to realize their worn-out properties at a higher price in pursuit of a better living condition through purchase of new homes. They no longer need to risk their lives to live in the dangerous and dilapidated flats. In the last four years, the Group made acquisitions of old tenement buildings consisting of more than 4,000 units in total.
During the year under review, progress was made in ownership consolidation for 12 projects. The Group by way of Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance completed the acquisition with the ownership consolidated for three projects, namely, 62-72 Main Street at Ap Lei Chau, 11-33 Li Tak Street at Tai Kok Tsui and 196-202 Ma Tau Wai Road at To Kwa Wan.
For the aforesaid project at Main Street, Ap Lei Chau, as well as the project at Shing On Street, Sai Wan Ho, their sites were both enlarged following the completion of the acquisition of the adjacent buildings. Meanwhile, the Group completed the acquisitions in the market with the ownerships consolidated for five projects.
There were also added to the Group three projects with their sites being enlarged and their ownership reaching the compulsory sale application threshold for redevelopment.
In order to suppress the overheated market, Buyer s Stamp Duty was newly introduced by the Government. In accordance with the bill presented by the Government to the Legislative Council, a refund of the Buyer s Stamp Duty paid is allowed for developers of old tenement buildings upon completion of the redevelopment within 6 years from the date of the relevant acquisition, if certain conditions are satisfied. It is also proposed by Inland Revenue Department that the same relief will apply equally under the new regime of doubling of stamp duty.
New Territories land At the end of December 2012, the Group held New Territories land reserves amounting to approximately 42.8 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong.
For the long-term land supply, the Chief executive committed to put forward the development of the three regions under North east New Territories New Development Areas and Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area as soon as possible. According to the earlier planning, the North east New Territories New Development Areas will provide about 533 hectares of developable land, including housing land for 53,800 units. This will be an important source of supply for public and private housing in the years to come. To meet public demands, the Government is studying the possibility of appropriately increasing the development density and proportion of public housing. The Government is also identifying sites for new Home Ownership Scheme flats and is implementing, as appropriate, the Hong Kong property for Hong Kong residents policy (under such policy, completed housing units in certain sites are restricted to be sold and subsequently transferred to Hong Kong residents only). With an area of 790 hectares, Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area can provide over 400 hectares of developable land according to a preliminary assessment. According to the latest information from the Government, details for the development of North east New Territories will be announced in mid-2013.
The Group will continue to work in line with the Government s development land policy and follow up closely on the Government s development plans in the North east New Territories New Development Areas and Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area . The Group holds land lots of approximately 10.9 million square feet in total land area in these four new development areas 
It is expected that these areas will become highly strategic locations, benefitting from the improved transport infrastructure and easier accessibility between Hong Kong and mainland China. It is preliminarily estimated that the allowed plot ratio for development for these areas will range from 1 to 3 times. Assuming a plot ratio of 2 times, the Group would have a total developable gross floor area of 21.8 million square feet. It allows the Group to build about 36,000 housing units of approximately 600 square feet each. The Group will actively negotiate with the Government for the land-use conversion for these sites at reasonable premiums.
If a mutual agreement is reached with the Government, it will be a further boost to the Group s development land bank. However, there is also a possibility that the Government may resume certain parts of the lands in these areas through cash compensation in order to develop new towns.
For the wetland restoration and residential project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long, it is planned to be developed into a low-density luxury residential development with a total gross floor area of approximately 895,000 square feet against a total land area of about 2.3 million square feet. The latest planning application has been approved by the Town Planning Board and the corresponding land- use conversion and land-premium applications are in progress with the Lands Department.
For the Group s 50%-owned residential project in Nam Sang Wai, it offers a total gross floor area of about 3.3 million square feet.
The original development plan, which was already approved by the Privy Council, is in legal dispute with the Town Planning Board.
Meanwhile, another development plan has also been submitted to Town Planning Board and feedback has yet to be received. In the event of obtaining the Town Planning Board s approval, the next task will fall on the finalization of land premium.
The Group is now studying the possibility of donating, with the sponsorship from the Chairman, certain land lots (which are not in the core development areas of the Group) in the New Territories to the Government for building small-sized housing units for the purpose of helping the younger generation to acquire their own properties.
Such plans are still subject to negotiation with the Government.

Leasing performance was impressive during the year with the overall occupancy for the Group s core rental properties rising to 98% by the end of 2012. The Group s attributable gross rental income note in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2012 increased by 12% to HK$5,466 million, whilst attributable pre-tax net rental income note was HK$4,031 million, representing a growth of 12% over the previous year. (Note: this figure includes that derived from the investment properties owned by the Group s subsidiaries (after deducting non- controlling interests), associates and jointly controlled entities) The International Finance Centre project, in which the Group has an attributable interest of 40.51%, performed well. excluding the contribution from its hotel, it provided a total attributable gross rental income of HK$1,591 million (2011: HK$1,424 million) to the Group during the year under review.
At 31 December 2012, the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.1 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong, comprising 4.4 million square feet of shopping arcade or retail space, 3.4 million square feet of office space, 0.9 million square feet of industrialoffice space and 0.4 million square feet of residential and apartment space. This quality rental portfolio is geographically diverse, with 25% in Hong Kong Island, 34% in Kowloon and the remaining 41% in the New Territories (with most of the latter being large-scale shopping malls in new towns).
Given the improvement in both local consumption and visitor spending, Hong Kong s retail sector fared well and all of the Group s major shopping malls, except those under renovation, recorded nearly full occupancy by the end of the financial year. In addition to conducting certain targeted marketing activities, such as organizing shopping tours for mainlanders and the wide adoption of multi-media promotional channels, continual facility upgrades and improved tenant mix are all the keys to such remarkable success.
For instance, Metro City Phase II in Tseung Kwan O, which recently brought in international fashion and beauty care brands to upgrade its market image, has drawn continuous interest from many popular restaurants to open their dining outlets in this mall.
In order to further differentiate themselves from other competing malls in the neighbourhood, Metro City Phase II and Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan are undergoing a series of renovation works which are set to give visitors a fresh shopping experience after the revamp. Trend Plaza in Tuen Mun attracted more shoppers after the completion of a facelift at its North Wing in 2012, whilst Skyline Plaza in Tsuen Wan also became a popular one-stop shopping hot spot in the region when one single tenant, which occupied the mall exclusively with a total gross floor area of over 150,000 square feet, commenced its department store business in October 2012.
Leasing demand for quality office space in Hong Kong also remained resilient on the back of persistent economic growth in both Hong Kong and mainland China. The Group s premier office developments in the core areas, such as ifc in Central, AIA Tower in North Point, as well as ING Tower and Golden Centre in Sheung Wan, have all performed well with a remarkable increase in rents from lease renewal. Meanwhile, the Group s approximately 2,000,000 square foot portfolio of prime office and industrialoffice premises in Kowloon east recorded nearly full occupancy by the end of 2012 and it is set to benefit further from the Government s commitment to reshape the district as a new business hub under the energizing Kowloon east project. In order to stay ahead of the market and enhance their rental values, the Group regularly enhances the green features and upgrades the quality of its office developments. During the year, following the previous success of ifc and Manulife Financial Centre, Golden Centre in Sheung Wan achieved the highest platinum rating under the globally recognised Hong Kong Building environmental Assessment Method (HK-BeAM), whilst facility upgrades for AIA Tower in North Point are planned to commence in 2013.
Leasing performance for the Group s luxury residences and serviced suites was satisfactory. Both eva Court and 39 Conduit Road at Mid-Levels leased well, whilst the serviced suite hotel at Four Seasons Place, which offers premium accommodation to guests from all over the world, continued to achieve high occupancy and increased rent. An upcoming addition will be a 66,000-square-foot hotel development at 388 Jaffe Road, Wanchai.
Completed in August 2012, this 90-room designer lifestyle hotel is now undergoing interior decoration works and upon its scheduled opening in the summer of 2013, it will be operated by Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited under the name of Mira 
The Group has a 20% attributable interest in a jointly controlled entity, which holds the Citygate project in Tung Chung and recently won the bid for a commercial land lot in Tung Chung Town Centre for a consideration of about HK$2,300 million in March 2013.
With the planned linkage to its adjacent Citygate, the site will be developed into a large-scale complex with a gross floor area of approximately 540,000 square feet.
Hotel and Retailing Operations Hong Kong s hospitality industry had another thriving year with visitor arrivals reaching a record high of over 48 million in 2012.
In this favourable business environment, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong registered a solid growth in average room rates with a consistently high occupancy. Being internationally acclaimed as one of the world s best hotels, Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong continued to win numerous accolades such as the coveted 3-star designations for its two signature restaurants, namely, Caprice and Lung King Heen in the Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau.
Benefiting from the ever-rising mainland tourist arrivals which accounted for over 60% of their total room revenues during the year under review, the three Newton hotels owned by the Group, namely, Newton Hotel Hong Kong, Newton Inn North Point and Newton Place Hotel, have all achieved an increase in average room rate with a higher occupancy of over 80%. In the previous year, the Group recognised its share of a one-off gain on disposal of a hotel property, namely, Silvermine Beach Hotel held by Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited. After excluding such non-recurrent income, the Group s attributable share of profit contribution note from its hotel operations increased by 7% to HK$288 million during the year under review. (Note: this figure includes that derived from the hotels owned by the Group s subsidiaries, associates and jointly 
established in 1989 as a complementary business to the Group s shopping facilities, Citistore has developed into a retail network with five department store outlets and two id:c specialty stores in Hong Kong. During the year under review, Citistore s turnover and profit contribution increased by 7% to HK$373 million and 3% to HK$67 million, respectively.
Construction and Property 
During the year under review, both 39 Conduit Road and Henderson Metropolitan won the biennial Quality Building Award, which is jointly organised by nine professional organisations in Hong Kong, in recognition of the Group s experienced construction team and dedication to quality that have produced some of the finest buildings both in Hong Kong and mainland China. Meanwhile, Double Cove and The Gloucester were the only private residential developments in Hong Kong to achieve the top honours of 3-star Green Building Design Label from China Green Building Council. At the MIPIM Asia 2012, which is an annual property event for governments as well as real estate experts around the world to showcase their outstanding development projects, Double Cove was once again heralded as one of the Best Innovative Green Buildings.
Teamwork is central to the Group s success. Stakeholders and experts in different disciplines collaborate from the very beginning so as to ensure that local context, innovative architecture and environmental sustainability features are blended into all of the Group s new developments in both Hong Kong and mainland China. The Group strives for excellence throughout the construction process and advanced features recommended by the Leadership in energy and environmental Design (LeeD) and BeAM Plus have been persistently integrated. For instance, against the prevailing backdrop of soaring material costs and a shortage of construction workers, pre-fabricated building components are commonly used to save manpower and minimize construction waste and disruption to the neighbourhoods. Foundation piling for the Group s development projects is now also completed on its own to ensure cost efficiency by accelerating development progress along with better quality control. Meanwhile, the Group considers site safety a top priority and as well as proactively promoting site safety within the industry, the Group is also an active supporter of the Construction Charity Fund, which provides immediate assistance to victims of tragic industrial accidents.
The Group s commitment to quality has also been extended to its developments in mainland China. In addition to its tight grip over all key aspects of development such as selection of main contractors and subcontractors, material sourcing and tender awarding, the Construction Department also maintains an ongoing dialogue with contractors and conducts on-site inspections to ensure that all the mainland projects are completed on schedule, within budget and in line with the Group s stringent environmental and quality 
The Group s property management companies, namely, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited, Well Born Real estate Management Limited and Goodwill Management Limited, collectively manage over 80,000 apartments and industrial commercial units, 8 million square feet of shopping and office space, as well as 20,000 car parking units in Hong Kong and 
For the Group s boutique residences under The H Collection , these property management subsidiaries will provide unparalleled home services upon their completion in order to offer discerning residents hassle-free urban living. Meanwhile, their commitment to service excellence has also been extended to the Group s property developments in mainland China. As a result, Hengbao Huating and Hengli Wanpan Huayuan were accredited, respectively, as excellent Property Management Community Showcase in Guangdong Province and excellent Community Showcase in Guangzhou in recent years.
Aligning with the Group s corporate culture, these property management subsidiaries also offer care to the public at large. In addition to their usual contribution to charity by way of Hang Oi Charitable Foundation , their volunteer teams continued to take numerous concrete actions to help the needy after the preceding Year of Care . The Highest Voluntary Service Hour Award championship is a testimony to their dedication to community services and corporate social responsibility.
Business Review - Mainland China In 2012, the austerity policy governing the property sector in the mainland continued to be strictly adopted. Under the stringent implementation of measures such as differentiation in the terms of lending and restrictions on quantity of home purchases, speculative and investment housing demand had been effectively curbed. Coupled with the increased supply of land for low-income housing at the same time, the objective of promoting the long-term steady growth and healthy development of the property market is being achieved.
In early 2012, the property market was plagued by pessimistic sentiment which resulted in a drastic fall in transaction volumes. In response, many local governments lent their support for reasonable end-user demand through a revision of provident fund credit policy and increase in the mortgage loan to value ratio in respect of first-time home purchases. Besides, the overall credit environment improved in the wake of the fine-tuning of the monetary policy to stabilize domestic economic growth, which gave rise to a gradual recovery in the real estate market. Boosted by strong user demand, the property market took a positive turn in May, culminating in a slight peak in July. Riding on the stable resurgence of the macro economy in the mainland in October, the property market has become buoyant again from November onwards. As compared to the previous year, the sales results of developers registered a significant growth, leading to a marked improvement in their cashflow upon achieving their annual sales target. In the fourth quarter, property price rose steadily as there were fewer cases of price reductions by developers to boost sales.
During the year under review, although still affected by severe macro control measures, the Group launched a number of mainland projects for sale, with emphasis on its superiority in brand-name, environmentally friendly features, quality and facilities, which met with an overwhelming response. The Group sold and pre-sold in total an attributable HK$6,548 million worth of mainland properties during the year under review, a significant increase of 244% over the previous year. Newly launched units from projects including Palatial Crest in Xian, Grand Lakeview in Yixing, Treasure Garden in Nanjing, Riverside Park in Suzhou, and Xuzhou Lake Development attracted a keen response from prospective purchasers and recorded remarkable sales. The majority of home-buyers were end-users, who had a discerning taste for brand recognition, building quality and associated facilities. Capitalizing on its past experience in design, engineering, construction, building quality as well as scenic landscaping, the Group is set to build ideal homes for end-users and better meet their needs in the subsequent phases of developments. An equal emphasis will also be laid on cost effectiveness.
With a view to fully implementing the standardisation of building plans, development cost control and strengthening the sales and marketing efforts, the delegation of project management and sales responsibilities to local management teams was completed during the year under review in fulfilling the Group s policy of localisation. Notable enhancements have been observed in on-site management, sales and marketing capabilities as well as building quality. As to after-sales property management services, quality has been raised to preserve the sound reputation of each project. This would benefit subsequent sales.
The Group has a prime site in the heart of Haizhu Square, Guangzhou of an approximately 240,000-square-foot land lot, which will be developed into an integrated complex, comprising shopping mall, office and serviced apartments. Preliminary construction is expected to commence in mid-2013 and upon its scheduled completion in late 2017, it will be another flagship property in the Group s rental portfolio.
At 31 December 2012, the Group had about 1.2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed property stock. In addition, the Group had a sizeable development land bank across 15 major cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about 140 million square feet, of which around 83% was planned for residential development for sale: 
As mentioned above, the Group sold and pre-sold in total an attributable HK$6,548 million worth of mainland properties during the year under review. An array of residential projects spanning across various second-tier cities had been newly put up for pre-sale during the year 
Following the successive opening of World Financial Centre, Henderson Metropolitan and Centro in recent years, the latest milestone in the Group s growing mainland presence was the full completion of Greentech Tower in Shanghai in early 2012. At the year end, the Group s mainland investment property portfolio comprised a total attributable gross floor area note of 6.4 million square feet with the number of its major projects increased to a total of eight. Driven by both higher rents and increased contributions from new investment properties, the Group s attributable gross rental income and pre-tax net rental income increased, respectively, by 27% to HK$1,162 million and by 48% to HK$867 million during the year under review. (Note: The Group held additional rentable car parking spaces with a total area of around 0.7 million square feet) In Beijing, World Financial Centre, as its name denotes, houses many world-wide financial institutions such as Standard Chartered Bank, Rabobank and CITIC Prudential Insurance Company. This international Grade-A office complex recorded a 38% year-on- year growth in rental income to HK$455 million, with over 96% leasing rate by the end of 2012. Meanwhile, the shopping mall at Henderson Centre also performed well with occupancy rate close to 90% at 31 December 2012.
In Shanghai, Henderson Metropolitan located at the start of Nanjing Road east pedestrian avenue draws keen leasing response from many multinational companies such as Oracle Corporation and Deutsche Lufthansa AG and its over 400,000 square feet of prime office space was nearly fully let. Its 400,000-square-foot shopping mall, which features many branded retailer flagships such as Apple, Sa Sa and Azul by Moussy, is also the shopping Mecca in town. By staging a variety of impressive promotions throughout the year, this shopping mall has gained an increasing popularity and for the month of December 2012, business turnover for its retail tenants increased by 31% year-on-year to over HK$18 million. During the year under review, the total rental income for Henderson Metropolitan recorded a satisfactory growth of 28% year-on-year to HK$200 million. Grand Gateway Office Tower II, the landmark building in the Xujiahui commercial hub, also houses many multinational corporations such as Microsoft and Yum! Brands Inc. Total rental income for the year under review amounted to HK$187 million, with its leasing rate remaining high at over 90% as at 31 December 2012. In Zhabei District, the full complement of amenities such as banks, convenience stores and coffee shops at their commercial podia make Centro and Greentech Tower both preferred destinations for business and their office spaces were over 90% and 85% leased out respectively by the end of 2012. Skycity, a renowned shopping centre for mobile handset products in the same district, also enjoyed full occupancy for its four-level shopping arcade at the financial year end.
In Guangzhou, Heng Bao Plaza atop a busy subway station contains a vast array of fashion brands, dining outlets and large- scale retailers. Its leasing rate by the end of 2012 was over 92%.
Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL ) HIL s turnover for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to HK$63 million, representing a decrease of HK$236 million or 79% from that of HK$299 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011. The decrease in turnover was due to the fact that, commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of toll fees in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of HIL was provisionally suspended. Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right, for the sake of prudence, the toll fee income during the period from 20 March 2012 to 31 December 2012 in the amount of HK$254 million (after deduction of PRC business tax) has not been recognised in the consolidated accounts of HIL. Nevertheless, taking into account those toll revenues which were accrued but not recognised, the total toll revenue for the year ended 31 December 2012 generated by Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge amounted to HK$317 million, representing a growth of HK$18 million or 6% when compared with that of HK$299 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011.
Due to the aforementioned non-recognition of the toll fee income from 20 March 2012 onwards, HIL s profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 decreased by HK$83 million or 77% to HK$25 million as compared with that of HK$108 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 
The above issue of toll fee collection right is subject to arbitration by China International economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIeTAC ). CIeTAC on 12 November 2012 confirmed its acceptance to administer the above arbitration case. CIeTAC s decision for the composition of an arbitral tribunal, as well as its notification of commencement of proceedings, are both pending.
HIL may report a loss from operations in the current financial period unless the arbitration proceedings result in a determination or the parties come to an agreement in each case satisfactory to HIL or suitable investment that may be identified by HIL produces 
The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the year 2012 amounted to HK$7,727.9 million, an increase of HK$1,578.3 million compared to 2011. Profit growth was mainly due to growth in profit of mainland businesses, a revaluation surplus from the International Finance Centre ( IFC ) complex and a one-off net gain. Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas, excluding revaluation surplus from the investment property, amounted to HK$6,333.4 million.
During the year under review, Hong Kong and China Gas invested HK$5,905.5 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed and intangible assets for the sustainable development of its various businesses in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Gas Business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for the year 2012 increased only slightly by 0.8% compared to 2011. Appliance sales for the year 2012 increased by 6.1% compared to 2011. As at the end of 2012, the number of customers was 1,776,360, an increase of 25,807 compared to 2011.

Hong Kong and China Gas will raise its standard gas tariff by HK1 cent per megajoule with effect from 1 April 2013, which represents 4.6% of the standard gas tariff, with a commitment to no further increase for this tariff in the coming two years.
Laying of a 15 km pipeline to bring natural gas from Tai Po to Ma Tau Kok gas production plant, to partially replace naphtha as feedstock for the production of town gas, is near completion with commissioning expected this year. Construction of a 9 km pipeline in the western New Territories to strengthen supply capability and reliability is also in progress. In tandem with the government s development of West Kowloon, South east Kowloon and a cruise terminal, network planning, design and construction in these locations are underway. Construction of a new submarine pipeline from Ma Tau Kok to North Point commenced in 2012. Meanwhile, the gas main extension to Lei Yue Mun is substantially complete.
Utility Businesses in Mainland China As at the end of December 2012, this group had an approximately 66.18% interest in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083). In January 2013, Towngas China issued and sold 150 million new ordinary shares by placement (the Placing ) at a price of HK$6.31 per share. Net proceeds from the Placing after deducting related commission and other expenses were HK$930 million. This group s interest in Towngas China was slightly diluted to 62.37% after the Placing.
Towngas China s profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders amounted to HK$841 million in 2012, an increase of approximately 19% over 2011.

In 2012, Towngas China acquired seven new piped-gas projects located in Wafangdian, Dalian city and Xinqiu district, Fuxin city, Liaoning province; in Binhai Science and Technology Industrial Park, Zhaoyuan city and Pingyin county, Jinan city, Shandong province; in Yifeng county, Yichun city, Jiangxi province; in Lingang Industrial Park, Shanhaiguan district, Qinhuangdao city, Hebei province; and in Changting county, Longyan city, this group s first in Fujian province. Towngas China also added a new midstream pipeline project in Wafangdian, Dalian city, Liaoning province to its portfolio in 2012. Towngas China is focused on developing city-gas businesses in cities with a high proportion of industrial gas consumption. Towngas China will continue to strive for rapid expansion through mergers and acquisitions.

With seven new projects successfully established by Towngas China in 2012, this group had 107 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions at the end of 2012. The total volume of gas sales of these projects for 2012 was approximately 11,900 million cubic metres, an increase of 15% over 2011, and at the end of the year this group s gas customers on the mainland stood at approximately 
This group s midstream natural gas projects are making good progress. These include high-pressure natural gas pipeline joint ventures in Anhui province, in Hebei province, in Hangzhou city, Zhejiang province and in Jilin province; the Guangdong Liquefied Natural Gas Receiving Terminal project; a natural gas valve station project in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province; and a new pipeline project in Henan province.

As at the end of 2012, this group had invested in and was operating four water projects. These include water supply projects in Wujiang city, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu city, Anhui province; and an integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture project, together with an integrated wastewater treatment project for a special industry, in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province. During the first quarter of 2013, this group successfully added a water supply project in Zhengpugang Xin Qu, Maanshan city, Anhui province to its portfolio, making a total of five water projects in hand.

Overall, inclusive of projects of Towngas China, this group had 150 projects on the mainland, as at the end of 2012, twelve more than at the end of 2011, spread across 22 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions. These projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water supply and wastewater treatment sectors, natural gas vehicular filling stations, environmentally-friendly energy applications, energy resources, logistics businesses and telecommunications.

Emerging Environmentally-Friendly Energy Businesses This group s development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects, through its wholly-owned subsidiary eCO environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (together known as eCO ), is progressing well. eCO s two major businesses in Hong Kong an aviation fuel facility, servicing Hong Kong International Airport, and dedicated liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) vehicular filling stations are operating smoothly. Total turnover for the aviation fuel facility for 2012 was 5.56 million tonnes of aviation fuel. The profit margin for eCO s filling station business for 2012 was lower than in 2011 due to the impact of rising petroleum gas prices.

eCO s vehicular clean energy business on the mainland mainly focuses on the use of compressed or liquefied natural gas to replace diesel. A network of filling stations established by eCO is gradually taking shape in Shaanxi, Shanxi, Shandong, Henan and Liaoning provinces mainly servicing heavy-duty trucks. As at the end of 2012, nine filling stations were in operation and another five 
Construction of a logistics port in Jining city, Shandong province, to link an upstream dedicated coal transportation railway with a nearby downstream canal connecting Beijing and Hangzhou, part of eCO s new energy Logistics business sector, is nearly complete.
The pilot run for bulk cargo transportation has commenced. The logistics port is expected to be fully commissioned during the fourth quarter of 2013. eCO is also planning to provide liquefied natural gas filling facilities for incoming and outgoing heavy-duty trucks and river transport vessels at the pier so they may progressively replace their use of diesel.

eCO s coalbed methane liquefaction facility located in Jincheng city, Shanxi province is operating smoothly; production increased by 36% in 2012 compared with the same period for 2011. eCO s methanol production plant in erdos city, Inner Mongolia, which converts coal into methanol and has an annual production capacity of 200,000 tonnes, is now running smoothly at the pilot stage of production. To further enhance the economic benefits of this project, eCO plans to also convert the methanol into high value- added energy products.
eCO s new-energy research and development centre is also working proactively on technologies to convert resources of low value into high value-added energy. Industrial tests on a medium scale, focused on converting coal tar oil of medium to low temperature into petrol or diesel, were successfully completed in 2012 and planning is now in place to apply this technology to commercial projects in 2013. Furthermore, eCO is also developing its interests in methanol processing and in conversion prospects for coke oven gas, tar oil and biomass energy.
eCO in mid-2012 acquired a 60% effective stake in the development of onshore oilfield blocks in central Thailand; eCO has already smoothly taken over the operational management of the oilfields and organised a professional team to formulate a plan for their comprehensive development. In addition, in Guizhou province, eCO has conducted an innovative test with promising results on surface extraction of coalbed methane for coal mines of low permeability. In Inner Mongolia, eCO s Xiaoyugou coal mine, with an annual production capacity of 1.2 million tonnes, is now at the pilot stage of production and is expected to be fully commissioned during the first quarter of 2013 while its open-pit Kejian coal mine has been operating normally as planned.

For the commercial area of the Grand Waterfront property development project at Ma Tau Kok, as well as IFC complex in which this group has an approximately 15.8% interest, leasing is good.

This group continued issuing medium term notes, for a total amount equivalent to HK$4,400 million, during the year 2012 under its medium term note programme (the Programme ). Inclusive of this group s first renminbi-denominated notes in Hong Kong issued in late March 2011 for a total amount of RMB1,000 million over a term of five years, this group had issued, as at the end of December 2012, medium term notes of an aggregate amount equivalent to HK$10,200 million under the Programme with tenors ranging from 5 to 40 years.
Hong Kong and China Gas predicts an increase of about 25,000 new customers in Hong Kong during 2013. Its increase in the standard gas tariff with effect from 1 April 2013 will offset some of the pressure on its own rising operating costs. The combined results of this group s emerging environmentally-friendly energy and mainland utility businesses have already overtaken the results of its Hong Kong gas business and are forecast to grow faster than the latter in the coming years.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong 
Hong Kong Ferry s turnover for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to approximately HK$616 million, representing a slight decrease of 3% when compared to the previous year. This was mainly attributed to the decrease in the sales of The Spectacle. Its consolidated profit after taxation for the year amounted to approximately HK$398 million, a decrease of 30% as compared with the profit after taxation of HK$565 million last year. However, if the gain from the disposal of Silvermine Beach Hotel in 2011 (amounting to HK$245 million) is excluded, Hong Kong Ferry has achieved an increase of 24% in profit in 2012 as compared with that of 2011. During the year under review, its profit was mainly derived from the sale of the residential units of Shining Heights, rental income and the surplus from the revaluation of investment properties.
Hong Kong Ferry sold 14 flats in Shining Heights and 1 flat in The Spectacle which accounted for a total profit of approximately HK$162 million during the year. Rental and other income from its commercial arcades amounted to HK$54 million. The commercial arcades of Metro Harbour View and Shining Heights were fully let whereas the occupancy rate of the commercial portion of The Spectacle at year end was about 60%.
During the year, the superstructure works of its development project, Green Code at 1 Ma Sik Road, Fanling, New Territories (formerly known as Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 177) have been completed and the pre-sale of the property commenced in mid-March 2013. The response from the buyers was good. Up to 21 March 2013, the accumulated number of residential flats sold amounted to 363, or approximately one half of the total units of the project, with the sale proceeds amounting to approximately 
Construction works of the site at the junction of Gillies Avenue South and Bulkeley Street, Hung Hom Inland Lot No. 555, with a site area of approximately 6,300 square feet, is progressing well.
Foundation works are expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2013. The residential-cum-commercial tower will provide a total gross floor area of approximately 56,000 square feet and 95 residential units.
Foundation works of the property at 208 Tung Chau Street (formerly known as 204-214 Tung Chau Street) is in progress. It is expected that the aforesaid works would be completed by second quarter of 2013. The project will be re-developed into a residential-cum- commercial building with a total gross floor area of approximately 54,000 square feet.
The Ferry, Shipyard and related operations achieved an increase in operating profit to HK$28.1 million. This sum represents a five- fold as compared with the profit of HK$5.5 million last year. The increase was mainly due to increased leasing of its vehicular ferries as a result of more harbour works in Hong Kong. The turnover of the shipyard operations has also improved.
With increasing competition during the year under review, the Travel Operation achieved a profit of HK$0.6 million, a decrease of 78% compared with that for last year.
Although Hong Kong Ferry recorded an impairment loss of HK$34.4 million due to market fluctuation on available-for-sale securities in the first half of 2012, it derived an appreciation of approximately HK$116 million in the portfolio following market recovery at the year end date, which had been credited into the Securities Revaluation Reserve.
Hong Kong Ferry will continue to sell the residential flats of the Green Code , Fanling project in different lots. If its occupation permit can be obtained by the end of 2013, the profits from the sale of the project will be booked in its accounts for the year 2013.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited 
Miramar s turnover rose by 19% to approximately HK$2,974 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2012 when compared to HK$2,496 million for the corresponding financial year ended 31 December 2011. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 4% year-on-year to approximately HK$1,377 million (2011: HK$1,325 million). excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, underlying profit attributable to shareholders grew by 9% to approximately HK$448 million (2011: 
Miramar continues to strengthen its five lifestyle businesses of hotel and serviced apartment, property rental, food and beverage, travel and apparel.
The Hotel and Serviced Apartment business benefited from the surge in visitor arrivals to Hong Kong in 2012. Its flagship hotel in Tsim Sha Tsui, The Mira Hong Kong, recorded an average occupancy rate of 84% in 2012, compared with 83% in 2011. The average room rate rose by approximately 9%. eBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) of The Mira Hong Kong grew by 13% to approximately HK$233.6 million. A new designer lifestyle hotel under its management, Mira Moon, is scheduled to open in Wan Chai during the summer of 2013. This hotel will provide approximately 90 guest rooms.
For the Property Rental business, Miramar owns a prestigious portfolio of commercial properties in Hong Kong and mainland China. As at the end of 2012, occupancy rate of Miramar Shopping Centre was approximately 99% and the average unit rate rose by 7% year-on-year. Mira Mall, the shopping centre at The Mira Hong Kong, unveiled its new face in a grand opening in the fourth quarter of 2012. As at the end of 2012, occupancy rate of Mira Mall was approximately 99%. Miramar Tower s rental income recorded satisfactory growth following its renovation in 2011 and as at the end of 2012, occupancy rate of Miramar Tower was approximately 99%, while the average unit rate increased by 4% year-on-year.
Miramar adopts a multi-brand strategy for its Food & Beverage business. The wide selection includes Chinese restaurants of Tsui Hang Village, Yunyan Sichuan Restaurant and Cuisine Cuisine (a Michelin-Star-rated Chinese restaurant), The French Window (a French brasserie), Assaggio Trattoria Italiana, and Japanese restaurants of Hide-Chan Ramen (a Japanese Ramen restaurant), Saboten (a traditional Japanese pork cutlet restaurant) and its newly-opened Japanese sake bar, Zanzo. Miramar opened two Cuisine Cuisine restaurants in Beijing and Wuhan.
Its Travel business resumed growth momentum with an increase of 6% in turnover to HK$1,119.8 million in 2012. Segment eBITDA rose by 40% to HK$35.5 million in 2012.
Miramar diversified into the Apparel business in 2011 and set up directly-managed DKNY Jeans retail stores in Shanghai and Beijing. It has a network of franchised stores in major cities across mainland China by the end of 2012.

The Group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles, as evidenced by its gearing ratio which stood at 17.2% at 31 December 2012 (2011: 19.9%). In order to diversify the sources of funding and to extend the debt maturity profile, the Group established a US$3,000 million medium term note programme in August 2011 and since then issued medium term notes of four years, five years and seven years in the Singapore domestic debt capital market for a total amount of S$600 million at coupon rates ranging from 3.65% to 4.00%. The Group also issued five-year unrated public bonds for a total amount of US$700 million at a coupon rate of 4.75%. In addition, the Group also issued notes in Hong Kong Dollars through private placements with coupon rates fixed at 4.03% and 4.80% for notes of 10-year tenor and 20-year tenor respectively. In aggregate, the Group was able to obtain medium term and long term funding from the aforementioned note and bond issues that totally amounted to the equivalent of around HK$11,000 million, notwithstanding that unstable conditions prevailed in the international financial markets during the period.
The sources of funding were diversified, whilst the Group s overall debt maturity profile was also extended. Bond proceeds that originated from fixed income investors of diversified sources were applied for refinancing short-to-medium term bank loan facilities of the Group.
In light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past years, the Group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms ranging from three to fifteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates at levels which are below the average for the past several years. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.
In respect of the International Finance Centre project which was owned by a jointly controlled entity of the Group, a non-recourse 3-year term loan facility was signed in February 2012 for an amount of HK$10,000 million raised in the local syndicated loan market with favourable terms.

The Group plans to launch ten projects for sale and, together with the remaining unsold units from the major developments, a total of about 2.27 million square feet of space will be ready for sale in 2013 and they are expected to bring satisfactory returns to the Group. Meanwhile, both Double Cove (Phase 1) and The Reach , which went on sale in the latter part of 2012 with the attributable sales revenue totalling HK$6,663 million by the end of February 2013, are set to be recognised in the accounts in 2013.
Together with the continued sale of completed stocks, they are expected to bring significant property sales revenue to the Group for the forthcoming financial year 2013.
Turning to mainland China, it is expected that the macro economy will show a steady growth in 2013, notwithstanding the continuation of the tight control measures targeting speculative and investment demand in the housing market. Following the gradual advancement of urbanization, the scale of development for the residential property market will further expand. In 2013, the Group plans to launch various new projects for sale and the Group s attributable sales revenue is expected to rise further. The Group s mainland rental income has shown a substantial growth over the last two years. Henderson 688 , an approximately 700,000-square-foot commercial complex in the Jingan District of Shanghai, is scheduled for completion in the last quarter of 2013. In Guangzhou, the prime site of 240,000 square feet at the Haizhu Square is set to commence its preliminary construction in mid-2013.
In Hong Kong, the Group has over the past few years made acquisitions of old tenement buildings of about 4,000 units in total (and one unit may house several families in certain cases). Their redevelopment can greatly enhance the environment and benefit the society, whilst mitigating the problems arising from living in the dangerous and dilapidated buildings. The redevelopment of old buildings in urban areas is a win-win move for the society, the people, as well as the Group itself. The Group will pursue its further developments in earnest.
The Group has three major earnings drivers. (I) Rental: The fast expanding rental portfolio in both Hong Kong and mainland China is an income pillar of the Group. (II) Associates: The three listed associates (in particular, Hong Kong and China Gas) serve as another pillar to support the Group s sustainable earnings growth.
(III) Operation: The above-mentioned development projects in categories (1) to (7) will ensure successive completion of over 7.5 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area to be available for sale or leasing. It also has a huge land reserve in the New Territories of approximately 42.8 million square feet, the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong. In particular, for the Group s land holding in North east New Territories New Development Areas , which is suitable for residential development, it is expected that there will be a clearer direction when the Government announces the consultation conclusion in mid-2013. These projects, with its low costs and wide sources for acquisition, are sufficient for the Group s development for the coming five to seven years and become another pillar for the Group s long term superior returns.
The book net asset value attributable to equity shareholders calculated by the Group in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles was HK$84.97 per share. In contrast, the recent share prices of the Company carry a substantial discount to the book net asset value. Besides, such net asset value did not reflect the market value, if revalued, of the development sites, completed stocks, and its shareholding in The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited. We would like to draw the attention of shareholders to the huge potential of the Group s assets. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the Group will report a satisfactory result in the coming year.

Sir Po-shing Woo resigned as a Non-executive Director on 29 February 2012 after his long and dedicated service to the Company for more than 30 years. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to him for his support, devotion and invaluable contribution to the Company during his tenure.
I would like to express a warm welcome to new Independent Non- executive Directors, namely Mr Woo Ka Biu, Jackson, Professor Poon Chung Kwong and Dr Chung Shui Ming, Timpson who were appointed on 1 March 2012, 25 October 2012 and 8 November 2012, respectively. In addition, Mr Leung Hay Man and Mr Au Siu Kee, Alexander were re-designated from Non-executive Directors to Independent Non-executive Director on 22 August 2012 and 18 December 2012, respectively. I warmly welcome them to their new roles in the Company.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance and to all staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2013 
