Chairman s Statement 
The Hong Kong economy expanded strongly in the first quarter of 2011. This was followed by more moderate growth during the remaining part of 2011, principally attributable to weakened exports in light of increased uncertainties in the global economic environment. Nevertheless, domestic demand remained robust on the back of favourable labour market conditions and strength in inbound tourism. Strong consumption momentum continued to fuel growth in the retail leasing market. For the Grade A office leasing market, tight supply offered support amidst slowing new demand.

Against this backdrop, Hysan recorded a satisfactory performance in 2011 with revenue growth across our entire core leasing business. The Group s 2011 turnover was HK$1,922 million, up 9.0% from HK$1,764 million in 2010. The retail sector showed a growth of 12.7%, while both the office and residential sectors recorded an increase of 6.5%. The retail sector was virtually fully-let. Occupancy of office and residential sectors at year-end 2011 stood at 96% and 95% 
Recurring Underlying Profit, the key measurement of our core leasing business performance, was up 14.1% to HK$1,310 million (2010: HK$1,148 million), reflecting improvement in gross profit generated from our core leasing activities. Higher investment income was also recorded.
Our Underlying Profit, which excludes unrealised changes in fair value of investment properties, was also HK$1,310 million (2010: HK$1,148 million). Basic earnings per share based on Recurring Underlying Profit correspondingly rose to HK123.92 cents (2010: HK109.15 cents).
At year-end 2011, the external valuation of the Group s investment property portfolio increased by 22.4% to HK$49,969 million (2010: HK$40,833 million), reflecting improved rental rates for our core portfolio as well as the increase in site value of and construction costs expended on Hysan Place, which is near completion. Taking into consideration the fair value change of investment properties, the Group s Reported Profit for 2011 was HK$8,545 million (2010: HK$3,844 million). Shareholders Funds increased by 19.9% to HK$48,753 million (2010: 
Our financial position remains strong, with net interest coverage of 12.3 times (2010: 14.0 times) and net debt to equity ratio of 7.6% (2010: 6.4%).
The Board of Directors (the Board ) recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK64 cents per share (2010: HK60 cents). Together with the interim dividend of HK15 cents per share (2010: HK14 cents), there is an aggregate distribution of HK79 cents per share, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.8%. Subject to shareholder approval, the final dividend will be payable in cash with a scrip dividend alternative.
Further Transformation of Hysan s Causeway Bay The Group s sound performance in year 2011 was complemented by the good progress of our major redevelopment project, Hysan Place, at the northern gateway of our hub. Hysan Place will bring significant strategic value to our portfolio. Its retail mall, scheduled for opening in August 2012, represents a 50% increase in our portfolio s retail gross floor area, and will bring many new attractions to Hong Kong s most vibrant retail district of Causeway Bay. Hysan Place s top quality office space will also strengthen our Grade A office hub positioning. It is Hong Kong s first platinum LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) building, also reflecting the Group s strong commitment to sustainability.
In 2011, we also successfully made enhancements to our assets in the Lee Theatre area at the western gateway of our hub. The first phase has been completed with the relaunch of Leighton Centre, bringing in new retail outlets of international top brands, and the opening of a major flagship store at One Hysan Avenue. We shall carry these efforts through with the rejuvenation of Lee Theatre Plaza in 2012.
Moving forward, we will devote further efforts to promote the unique brand character of our hub in Causeway Bay, and to strengthen its recognition and appeal as a sustainable community and a location of choice for both work and play.
Board and People The year 2011 marked my first year as Chairman. I am honoured to join Hysan s team to deliver value for our shareholders, clients and stakeholders. My new executive capacity, and the appointment of Mr. Siu Chuen LAU as Non-executive Deputy Chairman, both take effect on 8 March 2012, further reflect the founding Lee family s strong commitment to the future success of the Group.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt thanks to Sir David AKERS-JONES, who stepped down during the year after having served the Board for more than 20 years, including as our Independent non-executive Chairman. He has made invaluable contribution to Hysan with his capable leadership over the years, and by guiding the Board through its continuing renewal process.
I am grateful for the strong guidance and support of all Board members. They have brought with them diverse professional experiences and expertise that contribute to the strength of the Board.
My special thanks to Dr. Deanna Ruth Tak Yung RUDGARD who stepped down from the Board last May, after having served the Board for over 18 years. We are grateful for her guidance and the wise counsel she provided to the Board throughout the years.
Hysan has made enormous progress this year. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our management team and staff for their contribution and hard work.

The local economy is not immune to the impact of the global economic uncertainties. However, Hong Kong s economic fundamentals are expected to remain sound. The overall retail market is expected to remain resilient and should benefit our retail leasing business. Tight supply of new Grade A office space in core locations should provide support to our office leasing business. In this light, Hysan s more balanced core office and retail portfolio should look forward to continuing steady performance in 2012.
The launch of Hysan Place at the northern gateway of our hub is strategic to the Group s long-term growth. It is being followed by the rejuvenation of the Lee Theatre Plaza hub at our western gateway, adding long-term competitiveness to our portfolio. By creating a new destination and new surroundings in Causeway Bay, we will continue to contribute to the further transformation of an energetic and unique district.
Irene Yun Lien LEE 
Hong Kong, 8 March 2012 
