Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.

The Group s underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2016, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to HK$24,170 million, compared to HK$19,825 million last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$8.37, compared to HK$7.07 last year.
Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company s shareholders were HK$32,666 million and HK$11.31 respectively, compared to HK$31,082 million and HK$11.09 last year. The reported profit included an increase in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and non-controlling interests of HK$8,870 million, compared to HK$12,350 million 
The directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.80 per share for the year ended 30 June 2016. The dividend will be payable on 24 November 2016. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.05 per share, the dividend for the full year will be HK$3.85 per share, an increase of 14.9% from 
Property Sales and Rental Income 
Revenue from property sales for the year under review as recorded in the financial statements, including revenue from joint-venture projects, amounted to HK$43,356 million. Profit generated from property sales was HK$11,701 million, as compared to last financial year s HK$7,332 million.
The Group achieved record contracted sales of about HK$40,700 million for the year in attributable terms. Contracted sales since July 2016 have exceeded HK$12,000 million.

The Group s rental income grew steadily during the year. Gross rental income, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose 7% year-on-year to HK$21,036 million, and net rental income increased 7% year-on-year to HK$16,481 million. This healthy performance was attributable to continuing positive rental reversions and contributions from new investment properties, both in Hong Kong and on the mainland.
Property Business Hong Kong 
The Group continued to explore land acquisition opportunities to replenish its land bank, adding four sites with an aggregate gross floor area of 1.8 million square feet during the year, all of which are situated along existing or upcoming railway stations. A major addition was the site atop MTR Yuen Long Station for a large-scale residentialcommercial development. The project will offer residential units of nearly 1.4 million square feet of gross floor area with diverse layouts and about 107,000 square feet of retail space as part of the Group s YOHO Mall. The new acquisitions also consisted of two office sites, including one adjacent to the Group s Kowloon Commerce Centre. After June this year, the Group acquired a site in Sha Tin with a gross floor area of 434,000 square feet for the development of premium residences. Details of the sites acquired during the year are shown in the following table: As at the end of June 2016, the Group s land bank in Hong Kong amounted to 49.9 million square feet of attributable gross floor area, of which 20.9 million square feet comprised properties under development and 29.0 million square feet were completed investment properties. Following the acquisition of the residential site in Sha Tin in August this year, the Group s land bank in Hong Kong has increased to 50.3 million square feet. In addition, the Group has a total of over 30 million square feet of agricultural land in terms of site area. The sites are located primarily along existing or planned railway lines in the New Territories and are in various stages of land use conversion.
After the financial year, the land use conversion for the site at 98 How Ming Street in Kwun Tong to commercial use was successfully completed with land premium agreed. This joint-venture project covers nearly 1.2 million square feet in terms of gross floor area. It will further strengthen the Group s investment portfolio upon completion.
Different phases of The Wings developed by the Group offer a comfortable lifestyle, playing a role in constituting a well-planned community in Tseung Kwan O South 
Hong Kong s residential market has improved markedly over the past few months with an increase in transaction volume and growth in homebuyer confidence after a consolidation for about half a year. The primary market has become quite active and new launches were generally well received. The secondary market also recovered with a moderate rebound in prices, although transaction volume remained relatively low by historical standards as a result of the Government s demand-side management measures. Low interest rates and reasonable mortgage-repayment affordability along with other positive fundamentals such as high levels of new marriage and growing household income continued to support overall housing demand.
The Group s development projects are meticulously designed to suit the changing customer needs and receive wide acclaim. With an increasing residential supply in the primary market, homebuyers have become more selective amid a wide range of choices. The Group is well prepared for challenges and continues with its customer-focus strategy, providing homebuyers with quality products complemented by attentive after-sales service. The appeal of the products is further raised by their inherent value due to exceptional quality and the Group s long-established premium brand.
Coupled with the support by its professional and competent sales team, the Group was able to achieve impressive sales with satisfactory margins over the 
The Group s contracted sales from Hong Kong properties amounted to about HK$32,000 million during the year, contributed by a wide variety of products ranging from luxury residences such as Ultima in Ho Man Tin to other quality developments in different districts of the territory, including the second phase of Century Link in Tung Chung, Ocean Wings in Tseung Kwan O South, as well as Park YOHO Venezia and Twin Regency in Yuen Long. Apart from residential premises, W668 in Cheung Sha Wan launched in April this year was virtually sold out within a month.
The Group completed four projects with 3.2 million square feet of attributable gross floor area in Hong Kong during the year, of which over three million square feet were residential properties for sale. The remainder is retail premises being kept as long-term investment.

The Group s investment property portfolio has established an extensive foothold in Hong Kong, with about 29 million square feet of quality retail space, office premises and more. During the year, this well-diversified portfolio continued to perform satisfactorily and provide the Group with sizable and steadily growing rental income.
Gross rental income from Hong Kong, including contributions from jointventure projects, increased by 7% year-on-year to HK$16,800 million, attributable to positive rental reversions, higher rents for new leases and additional contributions from new investment properties. Overall occupancy also sustained at a high level of around 95%.

The retail market in Hong Kong was sluggish during the past year or so due mainly to fewer visitor arrivals and lower tourist spending. Nonetheless, the performance of the Group s retail portfolio of over 10 million square feet was relatively resilient, substantiated by its high occupancies and positive rental reversions recorded during the year. Such satisfactory results were built on favourable attributes of the Group s shopping malls, including proper tradeand- tenant mix, well-established brand, attentive customer service and convenient location. Additionally, the malls continued to launch appealing sales and marketing initiatives in collaboration with tenants to drive footfall 
The Group s rental income growth is expected to continue to be supported by new investment properties in the pipeline, with YOHO Mall in Yuen Long being one of the major contributors.
The opening of YOHO Mall I in September 2015, together with the recent completion of renovations at YOHO Mall II, has successfully helped shape YOHO Mall into a popular rendezvous for shoppers looking for new enjoyment in the area. The two portions house a wide variety of trendy fashion names and specialty eateries new to northwest New Territories, bringing customers a modern shopping and dining experience. During the year, YOHO Mall I and II recorded high traffic and additional rental income was generated for the 
YOHO Mall extension with about 450,000 square feet of retail area underneath Grand YOHO is scheduled to open in 2017 and pre-leasing is progressing well. It will further complete YOHO Mall with a range of leisure and entertainment facilities, including 120,000 square feet of outdoor green space as well as one of the largest and most advanced cinemas in Hong Kong. The extension will be well connected to MTR Yuen Long Station by an air-conditioned footbridge, offering exceptional convenience to shoppers and nearby residents. In addition, the Yuen Long Station Development will add another 107,000 square feet of retail space to the mega mall. Upon completion of the remaining parts, YOHO Mall with a total gross floor area of 1.1 million square feet is expected to become a pre-eminent shopping hotspot in northwest New Territories, mirroring the success of New Town Plaza in New 
PopWalk, a shopping destination comprising retail portions of the Group s residential developments in Tseung Kwan O South, targets at young families.
It is well-positioned to capitalize on an expanding community where residential projects under development gradually come to completion. The first phase under The Wings II with a retail space of 66,000 square feet was fully leased and held its grand opening in late August this year. Scheduled for opening in 2017, the retail portions under The Wings IIIA and IIIB will together provide 95,000 square feet of retail area. Response to pre-leasing has been encouraging. The last phase at Ocean Wings with a shopping area of 80,000 square feet will bring the total scale of PopWalk to over 240,000 square feet upon completion. Together with its stake in Park Central and PopCorn, the Group will possess a retail space of over 550,000 square feet in attributable terms in the vicinity, which is set to become a popular shopping hub in the 
Over the medium term, Harbour North in North Point and the shopping mall atop MTR Nam Cheong Station will be the new growth drivers for the Group s retail portfolio. Harbour North beneath the Group s premium residential project Victoria Harbour is next to MTR North Point Station, which will promise easy accessibility. The 140,000-square-foot mall is close to a waterfront promenade, creating a special shopping and leisure environment for customers including local residents and office workforce in Island East. The premium shopping mall at MTR Nam Cheong Station will provide about 300,000 square feet of retail space and its layout design is currently at the final stage. Situated in a revitalizing district, the mall is poised to become a landmark in the area and a one-stop shopping destination for young locals 
The Group has been bolstering the competitiveness of its retail portfolio through implementing asset enhancement initiatives at existing shopping malls. MOKO above MTR Mong Kok East Station recorded meaningful growth in rents during the year following the completion of its renovation in August 2015. The floor layout of Metroplaza in Kwai Fong is being reconfigured to strengthen its market position, and the work for this is planned for completion by financial year 201718. APM in Kwun Tong is also planning to expand its scale by converting 150,000 square feet of office space in the same tower into retail use. The mall s podium garden with an outdoor greening project will be completed in 2018.
The Group s major malls including IFC Mall, New Town Plaza, East Point City, Tsuen Wan Plaza, Tai Po Mega Mall, Landmark North and V City continued to perform satisfactorily. With a view to enhancing shopping and leisure experience, these malls constantly refine trade mix and launch attractive marketing campaigns to boost traffic and sales. Recently, the latest flagship of a world-famous consumer electronics brand landed in New Town Plaza while more international skincare and health brands have been introduced to Landmark North. A host of innovative or familyfriendly themed programmes, including joint marketing activities with tenants, are staged at various malls on a regular basis. As another showcase of its liveliness, APM introduced a promotional event featuring virtual reality technology to bring more fun to shoppers.

Hong Kong s office leasing market remained stable. Demand from traditional global financial institutions was steady while the need from mainland corporations, insurance companies and business centre operators was on the rise. This, together with a low vacancy rate, continued to support the office leasing market despite a slow local economy.
Spreading across various districts in the territory, the Group s office portfolio of about 10 million square feet continued to command a leading position in the market. The Group s trusted brand and customer-focus property management service have strengthened the competitiveness of its office portfolio, making it the preferred choice for tenants. High occupancy and positive rental reversions were therefore sustained during the year.
International Finance Centre (IFC) took advantage of its prominence in the Central office market with virtually full occupancy and positive rental reversions. IFC has been popular with tenants looking for a prestigious office address marked by superior quality, world-class specifications and state-ofthe- art facilities. As a landmark in a prime area, IFC will continue to benefit from tight supply and low vacancy in core Central.
International Commerce Centre (ICC), strategically sitting atop Airport Express Kowloon Station, offers magnificent harbour views and unrivalled connectivity to different modes of public transport. Multinationals have been drawn by its remarkable building quality, top-tier facilities with eco-friendly design as well as attentive management service. The outstanding tower was able to build tenant loyalty among existing quality occupants while attracting other major enterprises to take up space. Strong positive rental reversions with increased occupancy were achieved during the year.
With its strong presence in the energizing Kowloon East and close proximity to MTR stations, the Millennium City continued to perform well and sustain a high level of occupancy with increased rental levels. The office cluster remains popular with multinationals and insurance establishments given its quality ancillary facilities and large floor plates.
Other premium offices such as Sun Hung Kai Centre and Central Plaza in Wan Chai, Grand Century Place in Mong Kok, Grand Central Plaza in Sha Tin and Metroplaza in Kwai Fong continued to do well as a result of persistent demand from both existing and new tenants.
The Group strives to increase the competitiveness of its office portfolio through exacting upkeep and regular renovations. Going forward, it will continue to devote considerable efforts in the delivery of quality premises and services to achieve sustainable growth.
Property Business Mainland 
The Group held an attributable 69.9 million square feet of total land bank on the mainland as at the end of June 2016. About 57.8 million square feet were properties under development, of which over 60% will be developed into quality residences and serviced apartments. In addition, the Group held 12.1 million square feet of completed properties for long-term investment, comprising mainly premium offices and shopping centres at prime locations in Shanghai, Beijing and Guangzhou.

The mainland residential market performed well over the year under review amid a benign overall policy environment despite some recent city-specific tightening measures. First-tier cities saw home prices further pick up on the back of solid demand and strong buyer confidence. Lower-tier cities also witnessed meaningful drops in inventory levels and increases in sales volume.
Land market sentiment was strong as developers were keen to replenish their land banks, resulting in the frequent emergence of land parcels sold for record-high prices in first-tier and leading second-tier cities.
During the year, the Group achieved encouraging contracted sales of about RMB7,500 million in attributable terms on the mainland. Major contributors included two wholly-owned benchmark projects in Shanghai, namely the luxury serviced apartments and residential units at Shanghai Arch in the Lujiazui Finance and Trade Zone and the exquisite condominiums at Shanghai Cullinan on Middle Huaihai Road in Puxi. The new launches of the 33.3%-owned Top Plaza East Tower in Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou and the whollyowned Grand Waterfront in Dongguan were also well received by the market.
The Group continued to utilize its expertise and experience to develop upmarket residences and landmark integrated projects on the mainland. A total of over 1.6 million square feet of attributable gross floor area were completed during the year, of which IGC (International Grand City) in Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou is retained for rental purpose. All in all, the premium quality of the Group s developments is highly appreciated by customers. The major completed projects are shown in the following table: 
The Group s mainland investment portfolio has grown significantly over the past few years and has become an important contributor to the Group s total rental income. Gross rental income from the mainland, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 12% year-on-year to RMB2,968 million. The increase was primarily driven by positive rental reversions and additional contributions from new investment properties.
Leveraging its well-established premium brand and the success of Shanghai IFC Mall and Shanghai IAPM, the Group moved forward and introduced two premium shopping malls in prime locations in Guangzhou. Covering a gross floor area of about 900,000 square feet, the 50%-owned Parc Central, located in the prosperous Tianhe district and along Guangzhou s central axis, held its soft opening in March this year. The mall houses various international brands, restaurants, entertainment and leisure attractions, some of which are new to the city, appealing to the mid- to high-end customers. Visitor traffic has been increasing steadily since opening.
The 33.3%-owned IGC at Tianhui Plaza, another of the Group s new malls in Guangzhou, is scheduled to open later this year. With about one million square feet of retail space spreading across eight floors, IGC will become a new one-stop shopping destination in the central business district of Zhujiang New Town to attract executives, business travellers and high-spending residents.
The mall will boast unconventional elements such as kid s features and an advanced cinema, offering further entertainment to shoppers. The duplex restaurants at IGC will maximize the glass facade to let in the magnificent views of the Pearl River, culminating in a unique dining environment in the city. The progress of its leasing has been 
The Group s significant presence in Shanghai will be further bolstered by its wholly-owned Xujiahui Centre project at the core of Xuhui District in Puxi. To be developed in phases, the mega project will cover a gross floor area of about 7.6 million square feet, exceeding the combined total of Shanghai IFC and Shanghai ICC. It will contain about four million square feet of premium offices, three million square feet of high-end retail spaces and a luxury hotel.
Construction of Phase 1 on Huashan Road, comprising 180,000-square-foot office towers and a 330,000-square-foot mall, is progressing well. These office towers have received keen interest from various specialized trades, and tenants are expected to move in during the first half of 2017. The mall in the same phase is scheduled to open in 2018 and response to pre-marketing has been encouraging, with many international retailers negotiating for a tenancy agreement. Superstructure work for Phase 2, which consists of 320,000 square feet of offices and about 45,000 square feet of retail space, is in progress.
The Xujiahui Centre project will be connected to the prominent commercial and historic buildings in the vicinity by an extensive network of footbridges and pedestrian tunnels. The 370-metre office skyscraper at one of the remaining phases will feature advanced technology and infrastructure, setting a new standard for premium office in the area. The large-scale upmarket mall facing the prosperous Hongqiao Road will enjoy direct access to Xujiahui metro station, which is the interchange of three lines. It will boast an array of renowned retailers, al fresco restaurants offering culinary delights, appealing indoor and outdoor entertainment facilities complemented by advanced digital technologies, bringing a refreshing difference to retailing in Xuhui District. Upon full completion, the Xujiahui Centre project will become an iconic complex in 
Other major investment properties under development include Nanjing IFC in the Hexi business core. Sitting atop an interchange station for two metro lines, Nanjing IFC is positioned as a new landmark integrated development in the city. Construction of the project is progressing smoothly. Pre-marketing for its quality office space of two million square feet has commenced and attracted potential tenants including law firms, renowned banks and insurance companies.
The luxury Nanjing IFC mall with over a million square feet of gross floor area has also drawn keen interest from top-tier international brands.
The Group s new integrated development projects, the Xujiahui Centre project in particular, will become significant contributors to its recurring income in the medium-to-long term when they gradually come on stream.
The Group s widely acclaimed integrated developments on the mainland continued to perform well during the year. The IAPM mall at Shanghai ICC recorded high occupancy. Its trade mix was further enhanced through recruiting a diversity of outlets such as a specialty restaurant and sportswear flagship stores, all of which are newcomers to the mainland. The mall also introduced a user-friendly mobile app that offers easier access to its latest privileges for customers.
Traffic flow and tenant sales increased steadily during the year following the recent opening of metro line 12 extension. One ICC office tower has been fully let with notable rental reversions, while Two ICC office tower achieved a better rental level amid solid demand from reputable multinationals of various industries.
As a premium shopping and leisure destination with direct access to Lujiazui metro station, the Shanghai IFC Mall registered encouraging rental reversions with high occupancy during the year. The mall stands out in the city with its wide assortment of international luxury brands and quality dining outlets. This, together with the introduction of a customer loyalty programme that draws high-spending patrons, creates an unconventional shopping experience. To further enhance its distinctive positioning as a magnet for discerning shoppers, the mall has put on fashion and jewellery exhibitions with an art flavour, most of which made their debuts on the mainland. Pedestrian tunnels linking the mall to neighbouring buildings will open soon, bringing added convenience to customers. The Group s office space at Shanghai IFC complex, mainly occupied by global banks and professional firms, was virtually fully let, generating an impressive overall rental level.
Beijing APM in the traditional Wangfujing shopping area has brought in a variety of stylish retailers and popular restaurants. The mall has also created a cluster of affordable luxury retailers to further appeal to young locals and tourists. Major entrances of the mall will be renovated to elevate its positioning while a new food avenue to optimize its food and beverage mix is under planning. A steady growth in tenant sales and positive rental reversions were recorded during the year under review.

The business environment of Hong Kong s hotel industry was challenging during the year amid falling visitor arrivals. However, the Group s hotel portfolio in Hong Kong managed to achieve a relatively high average occupancy, mainly attributable to its well-respected hotel brands and outstanding service as well as effective marketing and sales strategies despite moderate downward adjustments in room rates.
Supported by their prime locations, superior facilities and prestigious image, the Group s luxury hotels including Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong and W Hong Kong were able to maintain their leading positions in the deluxe market and achieved relatively stable room rates over the period. The Group s four Royal brand hotels and the two premium hotels in Tseung Kwan O continued to deliver pleasurable customer experience and sustained a high level of occupancy of above 90%.
Meanwhile, the Group is developing a waterfront hotel as part of its integrated development in North Point and a premium establishment in Sha Tin as a sister project of the Royal Park Hotel.
The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong as part of the Shanghai IFC integrated development recorded solid revenue growth on the back of a steady increase in tourist arrivals to Shanghai during the period under review. Encouraging performance was achieved in both accommodation and food and beverage businesses. The hotel continued to benefit from its synergy with the office towers within the same complex, which provided a stable source of high-spending corporate 
Telecommunications and Information 
For the year under review, SmarTone s net profit was below last year as profits from popular handset trading for the previous year were much higher. Core revenue from local mobile service improved during the year, laying a good foundation for future growth. SmarTone has also invested in initiatives to further enhance user experience and brand loyalty. The Group remains confident of SmarTone s prospects and will continue to hold the company as a long-term 
SUNeVision recorded healthy growth in revenue and underlying profit during the year. The company achieved notable growth from traditional clients including financial institutions as well as new customer segments such as cloud service providers. Its vision is to further enhance its premier data center business in terms of infrastructure, service and connectivity. In addition to the MEGA-i centre in Chai Wan, SUNeVision will have another major facility after the transformation of the entire MEGA Two in Sha Tin into a top-tier data centre. The transformation is nearing its the final stage. Construction of MEGA Plus, the new state-of-the-art data centre in Tseung Kwan O, is on track and due for completion in 2017. These facilities will ensure that SUNeVision can achieve scale and offer customers a range of choices in locating their IT 
Infrastructure and Other Businesses The Group s infrastructure and transport businesses performed satisfactorily during the year. The Wilson Group achieved satisfactory results, while traffic on the Route 3 (Country Park Section) remained relatively stable throughout the year. The Airport Freight Forwarding Centre maintained positive rental income growth in the face of soft air-freight demand. Business at Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre benefitted from continued healthy demand for business travel, but competition for landing slots at the Hong Kong International Airport has started to create challenges. Increased demand for refrigerated and break-bulk cargoes drove healthy growth in business at the River Trade Terminal, although the sea-freight market remained sluggish in general due to the macro-economic environment. The wholly-owned YATA, a major operator of department stores and supermarkets in Hong Kong, performed well with positive growth despite a challenging retail environment.

Prudent financial management has always underpinned the Group s longterm success. The Group s endeavours to maintain this pivotal fundamental principle are well reflected by its low gearing and healthy interest coverage ratio. As at 30 June 2016, the Group s net debt to shareholders funds recorded a low 10.8% and its interest coverage achieved a high 12.5 times.
Given its strong financial position, the Group continues to attain the best credit ratings among property companies in Hong Kong, with A1 rating affirmed by Moody s and A+ by Standard & Poor s, both of which carry a stable 
In March 2016, a 15-year RMB14,500 million syndicated banking facility was arranged on the mainland to fund the gradual construction of the Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai. Attractive pricing was achieved for the loan, which is one of the elements for the success of such a mega project. The Group also self-arranged a five-year HK$15,000 million syndicated facility to further enhance its abundant committed standby banking facilities. The reception of the two loans was overwhelming, demonstrating the strong and continued support from the banking community both in Hong Kong and on the mainland. In addition, the Group also issued HK$1,240 million 10-year fixed rate notes under its Medium Term Note Programme for the purpose of extending debt maturities as well as expanding funding bases during the year under review. After June this year, the Group issued another 10-year fixed rate notes worth HK$963 million with attractive pricing.
Apart from ample liquidity from banks and the debt capital market, the two-year bonus warrant scheme ended in late April 2016 has helped raise about HK$16,400 million of cash, providing the Group with additional capital. The Group is now in a very liquid position to pursue business development opportunities in the future.
Under the Group s conservative financial policies, the majority of its borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars with the remainder mostly in US dollars and Renminbi. As in the past, the Group has not entered into any speculative transactions involving derivatives and structured products. The Group makes use of internal cash generated from mainland operations and onshore bank loans to fund construction costs on the mainland in an effort to manage Renminbi exchange rate risk.

The Group has a robust corporate governance framework which forms a solid foundation for its sustainable business. The framework distinguishes itself by an effective Board of Directors, sound and effective risk management and internal control systems, timely disclosure of information and proactive 
The Board comprises 18 members, seven of whom are Independent Non- Executive Directors (INEDs). The Board directs and oversees the Group s strategies and has delegated specific roles and responsibilities to Board Committees. The Executive Committee meets regularly to set business policies and make key business decisions. To reflect its role in risk management, the Audit Committee has been renamed Audit and Risk Management Committee to assist the Board in maintaining and assessing the effectiveness of the Company s risk management and internal control systems, and regulatory compliance. As in the case of the Nomination and Remuneration Committees, the Audit and Risk Management Committee is chaired by an INED to ensure proper implementation of the Group s strategies. These well-established Board Committees provide sufficient checks and balances that safeguard the interests of shareholders and the Group.
The Group is committed to maintaining interactive communications with stakeholders including investors, analysts, credit rating agencies and the media, and provides them with information and disclosures relating to its corporate strategies and latest business developments. Corporate information is disseminated on a timely basis to ensure transparency. To further enhance communication with investors around the globe, the Group participates in large-scale investor conferences and presentations, in addition to frequent meetings and conference calls.
The Group s efforts in rigorous corporate governance and transparent communication have been recognized by the investment community, being awarded, among others, the title of Asia s Best Real Estate Company and Best Managed Company in Hong Kong in FinanceAsia s Platinum Awards. The Group was named the Best Managed Company in the Real EstateProperty Sector in Asia and the Best OfficeBusiness Developer in Asia by Euromoney magazine. It won a Platinum Award that acknowledges outstanding performance in the areas of corporate governance, CSR and investor relations from The Asset magazine. The Group also received recognitions for Asia s Best CSR and Hong Kong s Best Investor Relations Company, Best Environmental Responsibility and Best Investor Relations Professional from Corporate Governance 
The Group is committed to advancing the sustainability of its business and the community to create long-term value for stakeholders. It sets ever-higher benchmarks in quality, contributing to its premium brand, delivery of superior customer experience and generation of better return for shareholders. At community level, the Group undertakes socially responsible activities to enhance the general well-being of individuals and infuse positive energy to society, aspiring to make Hong Kong a better home for all.
Customer focus has always been the Group s core business tenet in keeping with its belief in Building Homes with Heart. The Group values customer experience and listens to them closely to achieve quality excellence. Its quality pledge was underpinned years ago by the vertical integration of its property development process led by a seasoned management team, which has promised outstanding quality of its premises. In late 2013, this commitment was reinforced following the launch of the SHKP Quality Campaign with the territory s first three-year guarantee on newly sold residential units in Hong Kong to boost homebuyer confidence. Its engagement with customers is also strengthened by the SHKP Club, which celebrated its 20th anniversary during the year. With a membership of over 350,000, the Club is an effective platform for the Group s two-way communication with customers and the public.
The Group s integrated projects epitomize its effort to meet the diverse needs of customers and benefit the wider community. In the process of project planning, it takes into account the development needs of the area in order to enhance the community benefits of the respective neighbourhoods. Notable among recent successes includes the YOHO developments that introduced a new urban lifestyle to Yuen Long and transformed the area into a vibrant community. The next exemplar is expected to be the twin North Point waterfront projects currently under construction. The retail portion of the project will feature a facade spanning 270 metres on Java Road, turning it into an enchanting shopping boulevard to enliven the environment.
Recognizing that employees are one of its most valuable assets, the Group promotes life-long learning and offers a wide range of courses through the SHKP Quality Academy. The groupwide learning platform not only fosters the delivery of its quality pledge, but also broadens staff s horizons for personal and career development. Other staff motivation initiatives include two ideation programmes, namely Quality Raising Suggestion Scheme and Work Safety Suggestion Scheme.
While the Group strives to ensure business continuity, it remains committed to contributing to society through promoting sports for charity, reading and holistic development, and care for 
During the year, the Group stepped up its efforts in promoting sports for charity by taking on the title and charity sponsorships of the first-ever Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong Cyclothon organized by the Hong Kong Tourism Board, which attracted thousands of local and international cyclists. The fourth SHKP Vertical Run for Charity Race to Hong Kong ICC in 2015 drew a record-breaking 1,600 runners including amputees. The two signature annual corporate events raised substantial donations to support child and youth services.
To care for the intellectual well-being of the community, the SHKP Reading Club continues to promote happy reading with a primary focus on young people. During the year, the Club introduced a Read and Share programme to bring engaging, inspiring sharing sessions for students in nearly 60 local primary schools. The Group additionally helps nurture young talents for society through multifaceted initiatives. This undertaking was bolstered recently through its sponsorship of office and co-working space for the Hong Kong X-Tech Startup Platform, an initiative to help the city s young people start an innovative business with a lower cost.
The Group s resolve to benefit the youth and the community at large is also manifested in its recent agreement to donate a site in Yuen Long to Hong Kong Sheng Kung Hui Welfare Council for the construction of the city s first purpose-built integrated service tower. Comprising a youth hostel, a special childcare centre and an elderly home, the tower is meant to meet the housing needs of young people and promote social and inter-generational harmony.
Overall, the Group s achievements in sustainability earn wide acclaim, including its inclusion in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index and Hang Seng (Mainland and HK) Corporate Sustainability Index.

Challenges including Brexit and geopolitical tensions in many parts of the world are likely to continue weighing on the global economy and lead to volatility in the financial markets. However, the downside for the world economy is likely to be mitigated by policy actions, including the more accommodative monetary policies of most major central banks and positive fiscal measures in selected economies.
The Group is confident about the medium- to long-term outlook of the mainland economy and its property market. Economic momentum will be underpinned by the anticipated expansionary monetary and fiscal initiatives in the short term. Moreover, the ongoing structural economic reforms will continue to proceed, lifting the overall productivity over time. These, together with continuous urbanization, will benefit property markets in key cities despite respective property control measures implemented in selected cities.
Healthy labour market conditions and an improved residential market should underpin the Hong Kong economy amid a number of challenges in the year ahead, including sluggish external demand. The Central Government s supportive initiatives for Hong Kong, such as the recent approval of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, will further strengthen the city s long-term prospects as an international hub for finance, wealth management, business, trade and logistics. In the meantime, low interest rates, growing household income and the relatively high levels of new marriage and birth will continue to drive end-user demand for Hong Kong residential properties.
With a land bank sufficient for development needs of over five years, the Group will have more than three million square feet of residential gross floor area, mostly small- to medium-sized units, to be completed annually in Hong Kong over the next three financial years. Given its recognized brand coupled with an experienced sales and marketing team, the Group is confident of its upcoming sales performance. Grand YOHO in Yuen Long and Lime Gala in Island East being marketed have achieved encouraging sales responses. A number of major new residential projects will be launched in Hong Kong over the next nine months. In the fourth quarter, Babington Hill in Mid-levels, St. Moritz at the peak of Kau To and Eight Regency in Tuen Mun will go on the market. Projects that will be offered for sale in the first half of next year include Phase 1 of Nam Cheong Station Development, Phase 1 of Victoria Harbour in North Point and Phase 2 of Park YOHO in Yuen Long. On the mainland, major projects offered for sale will include premium serviced apartments and prestigious townhouses in Phase 2 of Shanghai Arch in Lujiazui, the final batch of the luxury Forest Hills in a prime area of Tianhe, Guangzhou, as well as residential units in Phase 2 of the riverside project, Grand Waterfront in Dongguan. The Group will also launch quality offices at GCC (Guangzhou Commerce Centre) in downtown Tianhe District, Guangzhou.
As for rental business, the Group will continue to bolster the competitiveness of its investment property portfolio. It will achieve this objective not only through implementing asset enhancement initiatives such as regular refurbishment, but also carrying out trade- and tenant-mix refinement to strengthen its premium brand. Being the preferred choice for tenants, the Group s investment properties that consist primarily of shopping malls and office space are likely to perform satisfactorily over the coming year.
The Group s investment properties coming on stream will further strengthen its total rental income over the next one to two years. In Hong Kong, major upcoming investment properties include YOHO Mall extension in Yuen Long, remaining phases of PopWalk in Tseung Kwan O South, Harbour North on the North Point harbourfront and a premium shopping mall at MTR Nam Cheong Station. On the mainland, subsequent to the recent opening of Parc Central in downtown Guangzhou, IGC in Zhujiang New Town, Guangzhou is expected to open by the end of 2016. Office space and the shopping mall at Phase 1 of the mega Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai are expected to be completed in 2017. Over the medium to long term, the gradual launch of the remaining phases of the Xujiahui Centre project and the phased completion of Nanjing IFC will strengthen the Group s recurrent rental income base significantly.
Looking ahead, the Group will strive to bolster its leading market position and achieve sustainable growth through brand differentiation with an emphasis on elevating the quality of its products and services. The Group will continue to pursue opportunities to acquire quality land with great potential and reasonable development margins. On the mainland, the Group will adhere to its selective approach for business development with a focus on first-tier cities, and attach greater importance to investment properties to achieve steadily growing recurrent income. With sizable rental income and property sales, coupled with its vision and a strong balance sheet, the Group is well positioned to seize opportunities and grow over time.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group s results for the coming financial year are expected to be satisfactory.
Directors and Appreciation Mr. Kwok Kai-wang, Christopher was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 26 April 2016.
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance, to all staff for their dedication and hard work, and to all our shareholders and customers for their continued support.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond Chairman & Managing Director Hong Kong, 8 September 2016 
