Chairman's Statement
To Our Shareholders,
Hong Kong's  economy has
regained  its momentum since  the
fourth  quarter of 2003  after
experiencing six  years of misty
business environment.
Inflation  appeared to  have  set  in
to  end a protracted deflationary
period, as consumer  price index
rose  0.8% year-on-year in August
2004,  on  top  of a 0.9% increase
in July 2004. Hong Kong's
unemployment rate  dropped  in
August 2004 to 6.8%, the
lowest  level in the past 30
months. Vacancies  increased
noticeably in all major job
categories over  a year  earlier
Hong Kong people are quickly restoring their self-confidence. Hong Kong has gone through countless difficult
moments in the past. Our belief in our abilities and our determination to work for a better future have helped us
overcome all obstacles.
The external environment is likely to remain favourable to Hong Kong's economy. China's economy has maintained its
stability since measures to prevent economic overheating were put in place a few months ago.
Higher interest rates and rising oil prices are the key risk factors for Hong Kong in the coming months, though their
i mpacts have been minimal so far.The effects of interest rate increases will be mitigated by inflationary pressures, now
that an inflationary environment has gradually returned. High oil prices will have direct adverse impacts on Mainland
China, while their effects on Hong Kong tend to be more indirect. As in the last oil crisis, these challenges will present
us a good opportunity to improve productivity.
Regional economic initiatives, such as Pearl River Delta regional cooperation, will coordinate developmental efforts by
cities within the region, with a view to realizing mutual benefits and creating a win-win situation for all. Hong Kong is
and will remain the focal point of the Pearl River Delta. Let us work together to take Hong Kong to new heights. I
believe Hong Kong will continue to be a business and financial hub in the region for decades to come.
Dr. Cheng Yu-Tung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 15 October 2004