Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, gBM Chairman and Managing Director 
Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009. This report covers a period of eighteen months from 1 July 2008 to 31 December 2009 due to the change of the financial year end date from 30 June to 31 December, as set out in the Company s joint announcement dated 19 March 2009.

As a result of the outbreak of the financial tsunami in 2008, massive economic stimulus measures as well as quantitative easing policies have been implemented by most major economies. For the group the period under review was characterized mainly by a rapid expansion of our land bank to capitalize on market opportunities. Agricultural land in the new Territories, which is now only 30 or 60-minute drive away from the downtown thanks to significant improvement to the transportation network in recent years, is poised to developed into new towns. with a recent addition of approximately 10 million square feet in agricultural land site, the group has to date increased its agricultural land reserve to approximately 40 million square feet in land area, the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong. At an aggregate premium of approximately HK$7,300 million, the sites at wu Kai Sha, Shatin and Tai Tong, Yuen Long were both converted into residential development purposes, providing a total attributable developable gross floor area of approximately 2,600,000 square feet, whilst continued efforts for the sites at wo Shang wai and Tai Tong (phase two development) will likely result in further agricultural land conversion in 2010 which will provide development land with an attributable gross floor area of approximately 1,000,000 square feet. During the period, the government published its preliminary layout plan for north east new Territories new Development Areas, which include wu nga Lok Yeung, Kwu Tung north and Fanling north in which the group holds land lots of approximately 5.1 million square feet.
Such land lots are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9 million square feet, whilst the expected attributable gross floor area arising from the conversion of the group s 3 million-square-foot land site in Hung Shui Kiu, Yuen Long, which is within the coverage of the government s ten major infrastructures, will be approximately 6 million square feet. The total attributable gross floor area available for development from all the above sources amounts to 18.6 million square feet, which allows the group to build about 30,000 housing units, more than triple the number of new completions in Hong Kong last year.
During the period, the group continued to acquire old buildings for redevelopment and to date, the majority ownership for 11 urban projects has been secured. Together with ongoing acquisition of another 19 urban projects, the group has a total of 30 projects which are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 4 million square feet, or about 6,000 housing units against total land costs of approximately HK$18,000 million. The acquisition of old buildings for redevelopment, in fact, is a win-win move for all parties. First, it enables the owners of units in the old buildings to realize their homes at a price higher than the market price prevailing for the old buildings and to acquire newer and safer homes. Second, it is in line with and supports the government s policy initiatives on promoting urban renewal, a subject brought into sharp focus with the recent disastrous collapse of certain old buildings in To Kwa wan, Kowloon. Third, it enables the group to add sites in the urban areas to its development land bank and hence provides a better geographical balance in its holdings between urban and suburban land (with the latter resulting mainly from agricultural land conversion). Meanwhile, the group is planning to redevelop and convert some of the existing properties into other purposes, providing a further 2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area for commercial and residential uses in the urban areas.
The group also continues to be bullish of the long-term prospects for the property market in mainland China, where the group s development land bank has risen by 30.5 million square feet to 146.2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area spread across the prime cities and the high-growth second tier cities, through the acquisition of land sites in city centres and new development areas during the period. The group s land costs are relatively low, particularly when compared with the recent transacted prices for sites in the same districts which were generally 2 to 3 times or even much higher. Starting from 2010, the group will re- double its efforts in mainland China and accelerate the progress of construction, particularly for those projects that have reached an advanced stage of development. Capitalizing on the rising market (as confirmed by the sale of land lots and projects nearby), these projects will be launched for sale in phases to enable their potential profits to be realized. Quality residences with distinctive design, well-equipped facilities and sound property management are expected to remain highly sought-after in the market; these are exactly the type of product that the group is developing to meet market demand. The group s efforts on sustainable development in the Mainland were recognized with the award of Platinum Rating by the HK-BeAM Society in its Building environmental Assessment of world Financial Centre, an international grade- A office complex in Beijing, completed in January 2009. The complex was also accredited with Distinction in the Certificate of intelligent Building index Assessment by the Asian institute of 
The Hong Kong and China gas Company Limited, the group s member company, has also been transformed from a locally-based company into a nation-wide corporation with a total of 103 projects spread across 19 provincesmunicipalitiesautonomous regions, encompassing city piped gas, the water supply and wastewater treatment sector, natural gas filling stations and emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects. it is anticipated that the results of this group s emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and Mainland utility businesses will reach the same level as that of Hong Kong gas businesses in 2012, and will maintain growth momentum faster than Hong Kong businesses thereafter.
Profit and Net Assets Attributable to 
The group underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 amounted to HK$6,088 million, representing an increase of HK$380 million or 7% over HK$5,708 million (restated) for the twelve months ended 30 June 2008. Based on the underlying profit, earnings per share for this eighteen-month period were HK$2.84 (Twelve months for the financial year 2008: HK$2.78).
including the fair value change (net of deferred tax and minority interests) of investment properties, the group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 was HK$14,320 million. Compared with the group profit attributable to equity shareholders of HK$15,473 million (restated) for the twelve months for the financial year ended 30 June 2008, this represents a decrease of HK$1,153 million or 7% due to a smaller increase in fair value (net of deferred tax and minority interests) of the investment properties held by the group s subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities for the period under review.
earnings per share for this eighteen-month period were HK$6.67 (Twelve months for the financial year 2008: HK$7.54).
At 31 December 2009, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$133,127 million (or HK$62.01 per share), 10% higher than the amount of HK$121,196 million (or HK$56.45 per share) (restated) at 30 June 2008, while the adjusted net asset value, after excluding deferred tax liabilities on the revaluation of investment properties in Hong Kong held by the group s subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities, was HK$141,870 million (or HK$66.08 per share), 10% higher than the amount of HK$128,906 million (or HK$60.04 per share) (restated) at 30 June 2008. net debt amounted to HK$25,500 million with the gearing ratio at 19.2%.

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.70 per share to Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 23 April 2010, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. including the first interim dividend and the second interim dividend each of HK$0.30 per share already paid, the total dividend for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 will amount to HK$1.30 per share (Twelve months for the financial year 2008: HK$1.10 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed final dividend and Bonus warrants issue (as defined below), but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form are sent to Shareholders.
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of final dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
Final dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to Shareholders on 2 June 2010.Bonus Issue of Warrants Directors of the Company will propose a bonus issue of warrants (the warrants ) to Shareholders of the Company whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 23 April 2010 in the proportion of one warrant for every five shares of HK$2 each in the capital of the Company (the Share(s) ) ( Bonus warrants issue ) at an extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be held. The warrants will entitle the holders thereof to subscribe an aggregate of up to 429,348,748 Shares at an initial subscription price of HK$58 per Share (subject to adjustment).
The warrants will be exercisable at any time during a period of one year commencing from the date of first issue of the warrants up to the date immediately preceding the first anniversary of the date of first issue of the warrants.
Shares falling to be issued upon exercising the subscription rights attaching to the warrants will rank pari passu in all respects with the then existing Shares on the relevant date of issue. The proposed Bonus warrants issue will be conditional upon: - (i) the passing of a relevant ordinary resolution at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company to be 
(ii) the Listing Committee of The Stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock exchange ) granting the listing of and permission to deal in the warrants and any new Shares which fall to be issued upon the exercise of the subscription rights attaching to the warrants.
Application will be made to the Listing Committee of the Stock exchange for the listing of and permission to deal in the warrants and any new Shares which fall to be issued upon the exercise of the subscription rights attaching to the warrants. A circular containing details of the proposed Bonus warrants issue will be sent to 
Business Review - Hong Kong 
Helped by quantitative easing policies adopted by most central banks throughout the world, coupled with implementation of various massive economic stimulus measures, the global economy was on a recovery path during the last nine months of the period under review. with stock markets rebounding around the world, the Hong Kong property market has also bounced back significantly.
The prevailing low mortgage rate due to the funds inflow, coupled with an improving job market, lent strong support to end-users, whilst many investors also preferred to hold investment properties as part of their asset portfolios. Driven by pent-up housing demand, transaction volumes for both primary market and second-hand properties have picked up gradually since the second quarter of 2009. Together with the low completion and hence limited new supply of private residential units, and a new source of demand from Mainland and overseas buyers, this has exerted considerable upward pressure on housing prices generally. To meet the market demand, the group launched a number of residential projects for sale.
During the period, residential developments including 39 Conduit Road in island Mid-Levels, Cit 33 in Mong Kok and 8 Royal green in Sheung Shui were put up for sale and all received encouraging responses. in parallel with this sales momentum, the group has continued to offer some other popular projects for sale. Projects re-launched included grand Promenade, grand waterfront, The Sparkle, The Beverly Hills and Casa Marina (phases i and ii). An attributable HK$8,370 million worth of properties in Hong Kong was thus sold for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009.
Turnover for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 included an amount of HK$3,280 million relating to the sale of 25 units at 39 Conduit Road. At the recent requests of the buyers, the completion dates of the sale of 24 units have been extended by two to four months from February 2010. The turnover and profit after taxation arising from these 24 units attributable to the group for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 amounted to HK$1,912 million and HK$973 million respectively. Currently, there are no reasons to believe that the sale of such 24 units would not proceed.
However, in the event that the sale of such 24 units is not completed, and before taking into account any re-sale of such units, the group shall recognise an attributable loss of approximately HK$780 million after forfeiture of deposits.
with a growing number of affluent Mainland and overseas Chinese citizens interested in buying local properties through the investment immigration scheme, the profile of homebuyers in Hong Kong is becoming more diverse and a wider range of marketing channels is thus needed to promote the group s Hong Kong property projects.
As such, the group led the way by setting up a Hong Kong Property exhibition Centre in Futian, Shenzhen so as to promote the group s products with the view to tapping the huge market potential across the border.Land Bank At 31 December 2009, the group had a land bank in Hong Kong with a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 19.8 million square feet, comprising 7.4 million square feet of properties held for or under development, 2.0 million square feet of stock of unsold property units, 9.4 million square feet of completed investment properties, and 1.0 million square feet of hotel properties. in addition, the group held rentable car parking spaces with a total area of around 2.8 million square feet.
in light of the positive view taken by the group of the Hong Kong property market, a decision was made to expand the group s holding of development land through the conversion of agricultural land, further acquisition of agricultural land, and purchase of old 
At the end of December 2009, the group held agricultural land reserves amounting to approximately 32.8 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong. During the period under review, significant progress was made in land-use conversion.
For the site in wu Kai Sha, Shatin, the land-use conversion was finalized with the government and the land premium of HK$9,596,950,000 was fully settled. The site will be developed into a residential development with a total developable gross floor area of approximately 2.95 million square feet, of which 56.75% or about 1.67 million square feet is attributable to the group.
Meanwhile, the land premium for the residential site at Lot 5369, DD 116 at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long was also finalized with the government and a deposit equal to 10% of the premium of HK$2,334.8 million was paid upon acceptance. it is expected to provide approximately 1.175 million square feet in gross floor area, of which 79.03% or approximately 930,000 square feet is attributable to the group.
For the wetland restoration and residential project in wo Shang wai, Yuen Long, it is planned to be developed into a low- density residential development with a total gross floor area of approximately 895,000 square feet against a total land area of about 2.3 million square feet. The environmental permits and the design framework plan have been approved by the Director of environmental Protection and the Town Planning Board respectively, whilst the basic terms for land exchange have also been agreed with the government. Construction will commence upon finalization of the land premium with the government and it will be a further boost to the group s development land bank. in addition, the group expects to finalize the conversion of the site at Lot 524, DD 116 at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long which will provide approximately 157,000 square feet in gross floor area, of which 79.03% is attributable to the group.
Looking ahead, the group is actively pursuing land-use conversion of the following sites, which are situated in the north east new Territories new Development Areas or in close proximity to the government s ten major infrastructure projects, to capitalize on the transport convenience offered by the improvement in the transport infrastructure, in particular the construction of Hong Kong section of the guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong express Rail Link: The total attributable gross floor area available for development from all the above sources amounts to 18.6 million square feet, which allows the group to build about 30,000 housing units, more than triple the number of new completions in Hong Kong 
in parallel to the land-use conversion, the group has taken active steps to expand the agricultural land reserves from approximately 32.8 million square feet at 31 December 2009 to the current level of approximately 40 million square feet in site area.
in line with the strategic decision taken last year and in response to the government s policy initiatives on promoting urban renewal, the group has recently been pursuing an increase in its land bank in the urban areas of Hong Kong and Kowloon by actively acquiring properties in certain old buildings in the market for redevelopment purposes. During the period under review, a majority of the ownership of the following old buildings in the urban areas, which are all located in the vicinity of existing or planned railway lines was acquired: in August 2008, the group (by order of the court) also completed the acquisition of the remaining 7.13% stake of two prime sites located in wanchai with an aggregate site area of approximately 16,000 square feet. of these two sites, the old Kam Kwok Building was already demolished and it will be developed into a residential tower with a total gross floor area of about 114,700 square feet, whilst at the site of the former national Building, the foundation work for a boutique hotel with a total gross floor area of about 66,000 square feet was already completed.
Further land acquisitions, involving another 19 old buildings in the urban areas, are in progress and ownership of each of these sites is expected to be largely consolidated during the course of 2010, providing a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 3,000,000 square feet for future redevelopment. This represents a very significant contribution by the group to urban renewal and is a win-win outcome for all parties.
Meanwhile, the group is planning to redevelop and convert some of the existing properties into other purposes, providing a further 2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area for commercial and residential uses in the urban areas. Details of these properties are 
in summary, the attributable gross floor area available to the group for development from all sources, namely, agricultural land conversion and acquisition of old buildings, together with existing properties under planning for redevelopment and conversion into other purposes, 
At 31 December 2009, the group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.4 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong (which increased by 400,000 square feet as compared with 30 June 2008), made up of 4.5 million square feet of commercial or retail space, 3.4 million square feet of office space, 900,000 square feet of industrialoffice space and 600,000 square feet of residential and apartment space. This investment portfolio is geographically diverse, with 25% in Hong Kong island, 33% in Kowloon and the remaining 42% in the new 
After several months of consolidation since the onset of the global financial crisis in September 2008, leasing demand for retail shops and shopping space has shown signs of recovery since mid-2009 amid improving consumption sentiment. The group s recently- completed office and industrial premises in Kowloon east also fared well with over 60% of their space already taken up at 31 December 2009. Driven by higher rents for new lettings and lease renewals, mostly from retail shops and shopping spaces in particular during the second half of 2009 as well as an increased contribution from these new projects, the group s attributable gross rental income in Hong Kong for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009, including that derived from the investment properties owned by the group s associates and jointly controlled entities, amounted to HK$6,025 million, representing an increase of 67% over that for the twelve months for the financial year ended 30 June 2008.
net rental income also increased from HK$2,550 million for the twelve months of the previous financial year to HK$4,262 million for the eighteen months for the current financial year, whilst the leasing rate for the group s core rental properties (excluding the recently-completed developments in Kowloon east) rose to 97% at 31 December 2009.
Located at the heart of the city, ifc mall houses a number of designer boutiques, flagship stores and dining outlets, making it a popular destination for locals and tourists alike. During the period under review, ifc mall was almost fully let with remarkable growth in rental income. Leasing performance for the group s large-scale shopping malls in the new towns was equally satisfactory and Metro City Phase iii in Tseung Kwan o, Sunshine City Plaza in Ma on Shan, City Landmark ii in Tsuen wan, Citimall in Yuen Long, Flora Plaza in Fanling, Shatin Plaza and Shatin Centre each recorded almost full occupancy at 31 December 2009.
The group s quality office developments, such as the international Finance Centre in Central and AiA Tower in north Point, continued to perform satisfactorily despite adversities posed by the global financial crisis. in Kowloon east, an upcoming commercial hub with abundant supply of leasing space, the group boasts a 2.0 million square foot portfolio of new premium office and industrial developments and most of them have been leasing well. The leasing rate of Manulife Financial Centre in Kwun Tong reached 66% with Manulife, one of the anchor tenants, exercising their expansion right to take up an additional space of 130,000 square feet. international Trade Centre in San Po Kong also recorded an improving leasing rate of 74% at 31 December 2009.
The group enhances rental values by regularly upgrading its investment properties. The first phase of renovation works at the South wing of Trend Plaza in Tuen Mun is progressing well, whilst transformation of the upper ground floor of Metro City Phase ii in Tseung Kwan o was completed at 31 December 2009 with over 20,000 square feet of its space converted into more than 20 retail outlets. encouraging responses have been received from the pre-leasing of these two projects with rentals bid up considerably.
Meanwhile, the facelift to Kowloon Building on nathan Road as well as the facility upgrade for golden Centre in Sheung wan have commenced already. The second phase of renovation works at South wing of Trend Plaza in Tuen Mun will also begin soon. The planning of refurbishment works for Sunshine City Plaza in Ma on Shan, Citimall in Yuen Long and City Landmark i in Tsuen wan is currently in the pipeline.
Due to limited supply in the marketplace, as well as the increasing number of returning expatriates, leasing demand for the group s luxury residences has been strong. The serviced suite hotel at Four Seasons Place, which was highly sought after by expatriate executives and practitioners in the legal, banking and finance sectors, recorded solid growth in both occupancy and room rates.
eva Court, a luxury apartment complex in the Mid-Levels, also reported high occupancy by the end of December 2009 with satisfactory rental growth for both renewals and new lettings.
Hotel and Retailing Operations Due to the slowdown in world-wide economies caused by the global financial crisis, as well as the start of cross-strait direct links and the outbreak of pandemic flu, the hotel industry in Hong Kong on the whole has been operating under very difficult conditions.
The Four Seasons Hotel won a coveted Forbes five-star award and was voted one of the world s top ten hotels by readers of institutional investor magazine, whilst two of its top restaurants, namely, Lung King Heen and Caprice also emerged as the only ones in Hong Kong to be honoured with three Michelin stars in the new gourmet guide. with such widely-recognized quality and service in an unmatched location at the Central waterfront, The Four Seasons Hotel continued to stay ahead of the market and maintain its usual above market average room rate, albeit at a lower occupancy, amid the financial turmoil. The group s four newton hotels also performed profitably, although average room rates and occupancies inevitably came under pressure in such challenging 
established in 1989, Citistore currently has five department store outlets offering value-for-money merchandise to local households and two id:c specialty stores introducing a collection of trendy brands from Japan and Korea to young and fashion-conscious 
Construction and Property Management The group pledges to build the finest properties, offering unparalleled design, quality and comfort to its customers. in order to ensure that such a quality conscious approach is adopted throughout the design and construction process of the group s developments in both Hong Kong and mainland China, inter- departmental communication and information sharing are always encouraged. Similarly, the stringent requirements laid down by the Leadership in energy and environmental Design (LeeD) and Building environmental Assessment Method (BeAM) are also complied with by the group so as to ensure that all the facilities provided are trend-setting and eco-friendly.
with such proactive management and stringent monitoring of the whole construction process, the accident rate for the group s construction activities was well below the industry average, whilst numerous awards received recently (including the Quality Building Award from nine building-related professional bodies, Considerate Contractors Site Award from the Development Bureau of the Hong Kong SAR government and Proactive Safety Contractor Award from The Hong Kong Construction Association) served as testimony to the group s commitment to excellence, an essential differentiating factor in the competitive market-place.
The group cares not only for its own products, but also the development of the whole industry. The general Manager of the Construction Department of the Company currently is a member of the Construction industry Council. in recognition of his wide experience and seasoned leadership, he has been appointed as the Chairman for its Construction industry Training Board and Committee on Manpower Training and Development , which are both assigned to build a strong talent pool for Hong Kong so as to support the forthcoming implementation of the ten mega infrastructures as well as their related construction projects.
The group s member property management companies, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited ( Hang Yick ) and well Born Real estate Management Limited ( well Born ) collectively manage over 180 premises in Hong Kong, comprising a total of over 75,000 residential, commercial and industrial units and shops, and more than 16,000 car parking units. During 2009, Hang Yick and well Born received a total of 271 performance-related accolades including innovative Technology of the Year and Best Use of Knowledge Management of the Year in the Customer Relationship excellence Awards 2009 , as well as the Q-Mark Service Scheme certification . They were also bestowed with the Certificate of excellence in the Award for excellence in Training and Development by The Hong Kong Management Association, in recognition of their learning culture and unflagging efforts to raise standards in property management in Hong Kong.
Aligning with the group s corporate culture, these two companies also offer care to the public at large. Being named as Caring Company for seven consecutive years, they were widely acclaimed for their dedication to corporate social responsibility, whilst the sixth consecutive year s Highest Voluntary Service Hour Award championship is a testimony to their commitment to charitable activities and community services.
Their heartfelt services also attracted considerable recognition throughout mainland China. Hengbao garden, a mass residential development in guangzhou under the group s management, was honoured as an outstanding Community for Promoting Sports Development in guangdong Province in 2009, in addition to its accreditations as the excellent Property Management Community Showcase in guangdong Province and excellent Community Showcase in guangzhou . Meanwhile, Hengli wanpan Huayuan, a newly-completed residential development in guangzhou also under the group s management, was recently honoured as one of the Best Managed Housing estates Showcase in guangzhou by guangzhou Property Management Association. To support the group s business development, both Hang Yick and well Born will further extend their presence in the Mainland, providing their quality property handover and management services to all of the group s property developments throughout the country.
Business Review - Mainland China For the eighteen months from July 2008 to December 2009, the real estate market in mainland China swiftly experienced a consolidation, contraction, revival and rejuvenation, followed by extensive and heated growth. with timely policy adjustments and effective measures decisively implemented by the Central government, mainland China successfully navigated out of this 
The onset of global financial turmoil in the second half of 2008 and the resultant wait-and-see attitude adopted by some homebuyers put the property market into the doldrums, with a general decline in both transaction volume and transacted prices. even though fewer land auctions were held by the local governments, there were repeated incidents of auctions being called off for some residential land sites, whilst for those land lots successfully sold, transactions were mostly recorded at the reserve price levels. in the fourth quarter of 2008, the Central government introduced a massive economic stimulus package of RMB4 trillion and adopted a moderately loose monetary policy. Meanwhile, austerity measures targeted at the property market were relaxed and a series of preferential housing policies were put forward instead. in order to promote home purchases by end-users and stabilize the property market, the Central Bank also cut the deposit and loan benchmark rates consecutively from September 2008 onwards.
in early 2009, the property market was still being driven by pessimistic sentiment and a wait-and-see attitude, leading to a further drop in the transaction volume. However, the combined effect of the launch of a series of home-ownership incentives by the Central government, together with a relaxation of housing loans by banks, concerted efforts made by local governments through the introduction of various subsidies for home purchases, as well as a general price cut by developers to promote property sales, led to huge pent-up demand and a considerable amount of housing stocks being subsequently snapped up. Market conditions thus improved substantially and property prices stabilized.
Starting from the latter part of the second quarter of 2009, the minimum capital requirements for certain industries (including investment in commodity housing projects) were adjusted downwards so as to stimulate further growth of fixed asset investment and to stabilize the economy. From the third quarter of 2009 onwards, land auctions became increasingly competitive and record-breaking deals were commonly seen across different cities in the country. High auction prices, together with widespread participation by developers, reflected their optimism for the market outlook. Re-ignited speculation was seen in certain cities and the housing price rally aroused the concerns not only of the general public, but also of the Central government. By the end of 2009, the Central government called for strengthening of credit management and controls on risk exposure (including the tightening of individual housing credits and cancellation of preferential measures for second-home mortgages) in those regions where the property market has exhibited great volatility.
The group is fully confident of the long-term prospects for the Mainland property market. Although a steady rise in housing price is always preferred, inevitably external economic factors, investment and speculative activities will cause some short-term ripples which the group has been well adjusted to deal with over the years. it is an indisputable fact that mainland China is now an economic powerhouse that is fuelling global growth and its property market is set to expand even further in light of its huge and unfulfilled demand for better housing. As such, the group will adhere to its long-term development strategy, focusing on the high-growth second-tier cities in addition to building commercial investment properties at prime sites in the prime cities. in these cities, the sales response for quality residences has been encouraging with a sustained growth in housing prices.
Backed by its rich experience in the property sector as well as its financial strength, the group has successfully met the challenges posed by the prevailing market changes. in view of the continued economic growth in the Mainland as well as its increasing affordability, the group will focus on developing medium to high-end residences. By employing world-renowned architects, and working with leading homegrown design houses, top-quality residences that offer the finest living conditions, design layout, complementary facilities and landscaping will be offered to prospective customers. This market positioning will also avoid competing with the low-cost economical housing. in order to ensure an overwhelming response for the presale of these quality properties, much time has been spent on designing the clubhouses, sales centres, show flats, landscape and the overall project planning.
During the period, the group has developed long-term strategic co-operation relationships with a number of leading and reputable sub-contractors, international architects, domestic design houses and landscape planning consultants.
in the first half of 2009, many developers slashed their offer prices considerably in a bid to move their housing stocks and improve liquidity. with its solid financial strength as evidenced by its low gearing ratio, the group was not under any pressure to deliberately lower prices. instead, the group capitalized on this opportunity to buy a number of sizeable land lots in scenic low-density residential areas right in the heart of the second-tier cities of Dalian, Anshan 
As scheduled, the first phase of the Arch of Triumph project in Changsha was launched for pre-sale in october 2009 and all the available units were snapped up amid keen interest from homebuyers, with the achieved price setting a new record in the area. Highly commended was the building layout, as well as the quality design and clubhouse facility, all of which will serve as a blueprint for the group s planning and sale of future developments in the Mainland. This was the first time the group had applied its Hong Kong marketing techniques and strategy in tandem with local practices and customs for the sales launch of a property project in a second-tier Mainland city. The response was so encouraging that the group will speed up the construction of various premier development projects in the second-tier cities, whilst their marketing activities and brand promotion are also under active planning.
By the end of December 2009, the group s Mainland land bank had an attributable developable gross floor area of 146.2 million 
Around 82% of the group s development land bank in mainland China would be high-end residences for sale. Meanwhile, most of the offices and commercial projects under development are located in Shanghai, where the group has an attributable 2.3 million square feet of new investment properties under development. These include Centro, which was just completed in January 2010 and Henderson Metropolitan, which is scheduled for completion in the first half of 2010, in time to benefit from the 2010 Shanghai world expo. Located at the 130-2 Tianmu Road west of Zhabei District, Centro boasts approximately 370,000 square feet of office space and 60,000 square feet of retail area. Pre-leasing has been going well as the energy-efficiency features of this building are highly sought after by cost-conscious tenants. Henderson Metropolitan at Lot 155 nanjing Road east, which is located right at the start of the nanjing Road east walking avenue near the Bund, is being developed into a grade A office building and shopping arcade with a 17-storey tower over five levels of podium. with a direct link to a subway station which will be the interchange for two major subway lines, as well as a distinctive design for its facade by the acclaimed architect, Tange Associates of Japan, this 730,000-square-foot development is attracting an array of the world s most respected brands, speciality restaurants and multinational corporations as its potential tenants. Construction of another two investment properties in Shanghai is now under way. The project at 147 Tianmu Road west of Zhabei District, which contains offices and retail space with a combined gross floor area of about 410,000 square feet, will be completed in 2011. The project at Lot 688 nanjing Road west, which provides a total gross floor area of approximately 700,000 square feet comprising a 22-storey office tower plus a 2-level retail podium, is poised to be another landmark in Jingan District upon completion in the second quarter of 2012 due to its innovative, quartz-like facade designed by Tange Associates.
Arch of Triumph in Changsha was highly sought-after by the market and the launch of its first phase of development was greeted with an overwhelming response. in response, the group prepared to launch more projects for sale, whilst a number of prime sites (such as those in Dalian, Anshan and Tieling in the province of Liaoning as mentioned below) were also added to the group s development land bank in mainland China. Land lots newly acquired during the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 are summarized below.
in Chengdu, the group entered into a joint venture in July 2008 with Sun Hung Kai Properties Limited and The wharf (Holdings) Limited on a 30:40:30 ownership basis to jointly develop a prime site of approximately 1,860,000 square feet on Dongda Avenue in this capital city of Sichuan Province. Upon completion, this high- end commercial-cum-residential development will comprise a premium office tower, a five-star hotel, a high-end shopping centre and luxury residences, providing a total gross floor area of over 11,200,000 square feet, of which about 3,360,000 square feet is attributable to the group.
in Changsha, the group s joint venture company acquired a parcel of land of about 620,000 square feet in the gaoling area in the Kaifu District for about RMB62.7 million in December 2008.
This, together with the adjacent land lot with a site area of about 3,900,000 square feet acquired in october 2007 for a consideration of about RMB350 million, will be jointly developed into a large- scale residential community. A total gross floor area of about 6,700,000 square feet of high-end residences will be completed in phases, of which 81% or approximately 5,440,000 square feet is attributable to the group.
After the Pearl River Delta and Yangtze River Delta, Pan Bohai Rim is expected to become another high growth region in mainland China. Therefore, the group recently increased its investment in Liaoning Province following its previous successful bids for the land sites in Shenyang. in June 2009, the group won the bids for two prime sites in Anshan, a famous industrial city in this province. An old stadium site in the city centre was acquired for about RMB462 million which will be developed into a high-end residential community with a total gross floor area of about 3,730,000 square feet against a site area of approximately 621,000 square feet. in another prestigious residential district, a land lot of approximately 5,490,000 square feet was purchased at about RMB765 million which will be built into a residential development offering a total developable gross floor area of 14,260,000 square feet. in Dalian, a port city at the southern tip of the province, the group acquired a land lot of approximately 3,200,000 square feet for a consideration of RMB320 million in october 2009 which will be developed into luxury, low-density residences with a total gross floor area of approximately 1,550,000 square feet. in Tieling, a neighbouring city of Shenyang, the group also successfully bid for two sites for an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB800 million in late 2009. of these two sites, a 2,800,000-square-foot land lot is earmarked for commercial development with an expected gross floor area of approximately 4,900,000 square feet, whilst the other land parcel is planned to be a low-density residential development with a gross floor area of approximately 9,500,000 square feet.
For the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009, property sales in mainland China attributable to the group amounted to HK$330 million, mainly relating to the remaining stocks of Hengli wanpan Huayuan in guangzhou which was already completed in early 2008. Meanwhile, the group s attributable gross rental income grew by 84% to HK$497 million.
in the Mainland, the group had another 5.2 million square feet of completed investment properties: mainly offices and shopping centres in the prime locations in Beijing, Shanghai and guangzhou.
Completed in Beijing in January 2009, world Financial Centre, together with other neighbouring architectural wonders, defines a new image for the Chao Yang Central Business District of Beijing.
Designed by the world-renowned Cesar Pelli as twin crystal jewel boxes incorporating special effect facade lighting on the exterior, this development is equipped with advanced facilities and green spaces, making it an international grade A office complex in Beijing.
As testimony to the group s efforts on sustainable development, these two 22-storey, 2.1 million-square-foot office buildings were accredited with Platinum Rating in the Building environmental Assessment by HK-BeAM Society and awarded Distinction in the Certificate of intelligent Building index Assessment by the Asian institute of intelligent Buildings. its list of tenants to date includes many renowned financial institutions and multinational corporations. Standard Chartered Bank, Mizuho Corporate Bank, international Air Transport Association, FAw Toyota and novo nordisk have all become anchor tenants. Meanwhile, the leasing rate for the group s shopping mall at Beijing Henderson Centre was over 90% at the end of December 2009, whilst grand gateway office Tower ii in Shanghai was also over 90% let with many multinational corporations such as Microsoft, Adidas, Tesco and Yum! Brands inc. remaining as its anchor tenants. Hengbao Plaza in guangzhou recorded a 10% year-on-year growth in rental income with almost 90% leasing rate by the end of 2009. over the years, the group has been optimizing its investment property mix in mainland China, gradually increasing the proportion of premier grade projects by building new landmark developments in prime 
Joint-Venture Development in Macau in April 2005, the group entered into an agreement to jointly develop a large-scale waterfront site with a site area of approximately 1.45 million square feet in Taipa, Macau. The project is under application for land-use conversion with the total gross floor area to be finalized.
Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL ) For the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009, this group s profit attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$156 million compared to HK$35,392 million (restated) for the financial year ended 30 June 2008. The significant decrease in profit was mainly attributable to a one-off gain of HK$35,265 million from the divestment of this group s entire interest in The Hong Kong and China gas Company Limited during the financial year ended 30 June 2008. excluding the effect of such gain from the discontinued operations, the profit of this group attributable to equity shareholders for the financial year ended 30 June 2008 amounted to HK$127 million (restated). The profit of this group attributable to equity shareholders of HK$156 million for the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009 represented an increase of HK$29 million or 23% as compared with that of HK$127 million (restated) for the financial year ended 30 June 2008, reflecting the effect of an extended accounting period currently being reported on when compared with the previous period of twelve months ended 30 June 2008, and the increased profit contribution from this group s infrastructure business during the extended reporting period compared with the financial year ended 30 June 2008.
During the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009, this group decided to sell its entire interest in Maanshan City Ring Road. As announced on 12 March 2009, a 70%-owned subsidiary of HiL had entered into an agreement with the joint venture partner of Maanshan Huan Tong Highway Development Limited ( Maanshan Highway JV , being the joint venture engaged in the operation of Maanshan City Ring Road) in relation to the sale by that subsidiary of its entire 70% equity interest in Maanshan Highway JV to the joint venture partner for a consideration of RMB122 million (equivalent to HK$139 million). The transaction was completed on 26 February 2010, resulting in a net gain on disposal attributable to equity shareholders of HiL of approximately HK$26 million which will be recognized in this group s accounts for the financial year ending 31 December 2010.
After completion of the disposal of the Maanshan City Ring Road, this group s core asset is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. During the eighteen months ended 31 December 2009, this group posted a turnover of HK$441 million compared to HK$272 million for the previous period of twelve months ended 30 June 2008. This increase in turnover was primarily attributable to the extended accounting period of eighteen months currently being reported on when compared with the previous period of twelve months ended 30 June 2008, the growth of traffic volume of the toll bridge in Hangzhou and the increase in exchange gain upon conversion of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars during the period when compared with the financial year ended 30 June 2008.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China gas for the year amounted to HK$5,175.0 million, an increase of HK$872.5 million compared to 2008 mainly due to growth in profits of Mainland businesses, one-off gains from investments in projects in mainland China, and an increase in financial investment income. During the year under review, this group invested HK$2,760.2 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various businesses in Hong Kong and the Mainland.
(I) Gas business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong decreased slightly by 1.1% compared to 2008, whilst the total number of appliances sold in 2009 was 219,896 units, an increase of 6.1% over 2008. As at the end of 2009, the number of customers was 1,698,723, an increase of 26,639 compared to 2008.
Laying of a 15 km pipeline to bring natural gas from Tai Po to Ma Tau Kok gas production plant, to partially replace naphtha as feedstock for the production of town gas, is progressing well. Construction of a 9 km pipeline in the western new Territories to strengthen supply reliability is also in progress.
in tandem with the development of west Kowloon, South east Kowloon and a cruise terminal, planning for the networks in these regions is underway, including a route diversion for the submarine pipeline from Ma Tau Kok to north Point. Meanwhile, Hong Kong and China gas reached a 30-year agreement with ocean Park Hong Kong in 2009 for gas supply and utilization and thus, a gas transportation system will be developed.
(II) Mainland utility businesses in 2009, Hong Kong and China gas successfully established new city-gas projects in Xinmi in Henan province, in Fengxian county economic Development Zone and Suining county in Jiangsu province, and in Zhangshu, Fengcheng and Pingxiang in Jiangxi province.
Meanwhile, Hong Kong and China gas currently had a 45.61% interest in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China , stock code: 1083) which recorded a profit of HK$265 million in 2009, an increase of 31% over 2008. with an effective control over the majority of the board of directors of Towngas China, Towngas China was accounted for and consolidated into its consolidated accounts as a subsidiary commencing from 31 December 2009.
in 2009, Towngas China set up new city-gas project companies in Chiping county in Shandong province, in Xinjin county and the Xindu district of Chengdu in Sichuan province, in Huangshan in Anhui province, in Yangjiang in guangdong province and in the Changjiu industrial Corridor in Jiangxi province. Towngas China also signed agreements for the development of city-gas projects in Linqu in Shandong province and in the new industrial District of Anshan in Liaoning province in november 2009 and February 2010 respectively. inclusive of seven new projects established by Towngas China in 2009, this group had 84 city-gas projects in Mainland cities spread across 16 provincesmunicipalities as at the end of 2009. with the total volume of gas sales for its 10,617,000 residential customers reaching 6,870 million cubic metres, this group has become the largest city-gas enterprise in the Mainland.
This group s midstream natural gas projects include high- pressure natural gas pipeline joint ventures in Anhui province, Hebei province and Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, and a joint venture that invests in the construction of natural gas pipelines and the exploitation of gas fields in Jilin province. it also operates water supply projects in wujiang, Jiangsu province and in wuhu, Anhui province, and manages an integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture in Suzhou industrial Park, Jiangsu province.
overall as at the end of 2009, inclusive of projects of its subsidiary company, Towngas China, this group had 103 projects spread across 19 provincesmunicipalities autonomous regions, encompassing upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, the water supply and wastewater treatment sector, natural gas filling stations and emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects.
(III) Environmentally-friendly energy businesses This group developed emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects through its wholly-owned subsidiary eCo environmental investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (together known as eCo ). eCo s five dedicated liquefied petroleum gas filling stations and its north east new Territories landfill gas treatment facility continue to operate well. By making use of landfill gas which would otherwise be flared off, such projects help reduce greenhouse gas emissions and depletion of fossil fuels, thus improving air quality in Hong Kong. Construction of eCo s phase-one aviation fuel facility, comprising a tank farm for storage of aviation fuel served by tanker jetties in Area 38, Tuen Mun, for Hong Kong international Airport, is basically complete with commencement of operation scheduled for the first quarter of 2010. Construction of a neighbouring second tank farm is also progressing well and commissioning is expected before the end of 2010.
eCo has endeavoured to develop clean and emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects on the Mainland since early 2008 and in order to enhance its management effectiveness and financing flexibility, eCo established a Chinese holding company in erdos, inner Mongolia at the end of 2009. Phase one of its coalbed methane liquefaction facility located in Jincheng, Shanxi province commissioned in the fourth quarter of 2008 produced approximately 100 million cubic metres of liquefied coalbed methane in 2009 for transportation by tankers to downstream markets. Construction of phase two of the facility is in progress. once commissioned, which is expected to be in the fourth quarter of 2010, the annual production capacity will be increased to 300 million standard cubic metres. in 2009, eCo, in joint co-operation with Mainland scientific research institutes, successfully developed a technology to remove oxygen from coal-mine methane so as to produce liquefied methane which is compatible with liquefied natural gas. eCo has recently pinned down a project in Chongqing to utilize the abundant coal-mine methane there for production of liquefied methane. eCo is now constructing a methanol production plant and developing a coal mine in Junger, erdos, inner Mongolia; both are expected to be commissioned by the end of 2010. The annual production capacity of this methanol plant is 200,000 tonnes of methanol.
For its coal mining and coking plant project in Fengcheng, Jiangxi province, the total amount of resources reserves of coal mine projects invested by eCo is approximately 180 million tonnes, including thermal coal and prime coking coal. eCo is also proactively developing and establishing vehicular clean fuel filling station businesses in places such as Shandong, Shanxi, Shaanxi, Henan and Liaoning provinces following the successful commissioning of a compressed natural gas filling station in Shaanxi province in 2008.
(IV) Property development For the property development projects of grand Promenade and grand waterfront, over 99% and over 98% of their total residential floor areas had been sold by the end of December 2009. For property leasing, this group has an approximately 15.8% interest in the international Finance Centre ( ifc ) complex in its rental portfolio, in addition to the commercial area of grand waterfront. Both of them reported good leasing 
Hong Kong and China gas anticipates steady growth and an increase of about 26,000 new customers in Hong Kong during 2010, whilst its city-gas and natural gas businesses in the Mainland are expected to continue to progress well. it is anticipated that the results of this group s emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and Mainland utility businesses will reach the same level as that of Hong Kong gas businesses in 2012, and will maintain growth momentum faster than Hong Kong businesses thereafter.

in August 2008, HKCg (Finance) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of this group, issued and sold US$1 billion notes guaranteed by Hong Kong and China gas. Credit rating of A1 (stable) was assigned to the notes by international rating agency Moody s investors Service and rating A+ (stable) by Standard and Poor s rating services.
in May 2009, this group further established a US$1 billion medium term note programme through HKCg (Finance) Limited and since then, this group has issued medium term notes with an aggregate amount of HK$3.01 billion at nominal interest rates ranging from 3.90% to 5.00% per annum with a maturity of 10 to 40 years. These included the first ever issue of 30-year notes and 40-year notes - the longest term corporate papers ever issued - in the Hong Kong dollar bond market.
Acquisition of Interests in Certain Projects by Towngas China on 17 March 2010, Towngas China entered into an agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong and China gas pursuant to which Towngas China has conditionally agreed to purchase six piped gas projects from Hong Kong and China gas in the Liaoning and Zhejiang province for a consideration of HK$1,721.75 million, which will be satisfied by issuing new shares of Towngas China to Hong Kong and China gas. Following completion of the acquisition, Hong Kong and China gas will be interested in approximately 56.40% of the enlarged issued share capital of 
Towngas China currently has existing piped gas projects in Liaoning province. After completion of the acquisition, all of this group s piped gas businesses in the Liaoning and Zhejiang provinces will be held exclusively under Towngas China, which will have 53 piped gas projects in 43 cities serving around 5.5 million users in the Mainland with combined piped gas sales volume of 3.4 billion 
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong Ferry ) The consolidated profit after taxation of Hong Kong Ferry for the year ended 31 December 2009 amounted to approximately HK$1,099 million, compared with the consolidated loss after taxation in 2008 of HK$526 million.
During the year under review, Hong Kong Ferry sold more than 50% of the units of Shining Heights and more than one third of the units of The Spectacle. A total of 372 residential units were sold which accounted for a profit of approximately HK$770 million.
Rental and other income from its commercial arcades amounted to approximately HK$32 million. At the end of the year, the occupancy rates of commercial arcade of Metro Harbour View and Shining Heights were 95% and 66% respectively. The commercial arcade of MetroRegalia was fully let.
Hong Kong Ferry acquired a property located at 52-56 Kwun Chung Street for leasing purpose and it might be redeveloped into a new building with a gross floor area of 14,000 square feet. it also acquired a great majority of the ownership of the property at 204- 214 Tung Chau Street, which comprises six blocks of buildings with a site area of approximately 6,600 square feet. it will be re- developed into a commercialresidential building with a gross floor area of approximately 55,000 square feet upon consolidation of its 
its investments in available-for-sale securities and equity-link-notes recorded marked-to-market profits of HK$54 million and HK$257 
The Ferry, Shipyard and Related operations recorded a profit of approximately HK$3 million in total, a decrease of 17% as compared with last year. The Harbour Cruise operation achieved a profit of HK$2 million, whilst the Shipyard operation recorded a loss of approximately HK$3.1 million against a slide of 22% in 
The Travel operation recorded a profit of HK$0.7 million. After the completion of renovation of Silvermine Beach Hotel, its turnover rose 2.8%, reducing the loss to HK$2 million, a decrease of 11%.
The revenue from the sale of flats at Shining Heights and The Spectacle will be the major source of income of the year, whilst Hong Kong Ferry will continue to look for properties with re- development potential at reasonable prices.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited 
Miramar s turnover amounted to approximately HK$1,303 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2009 (the Reporting Period ), compared with HK$1,616 million for the twelve months ended 31 March 2009 due to the change of financial year end date.
Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately HK$243 million (for the twelve months ended 31 March 2009: HK$164 million). excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, profit after tax from its core businesses for the nine months period was approximately HK$152 million (for the twelve months ended 31 March 2009: HK$276 million).
During the first six months of the Reporting Period, The Mira Hong Kong ( The Mira ), its flagship hotel, was still under renovation which led to a decline in its occupancy rate and operating profit.
The average occupancy rate for the Reporting Period decreased by approximately 15 percentage points while the average room rate was kept at a constant level as compared to the previous period of twelve months ended 31 March 2009. Following its grand opening on 17 September 2009 with renovation substantially completed, occupancy rate surged with an increase of over 40% in room rate as compared to the pre-renovation period.
Miramar has launched a brand-new website for The Mira, designed to encourage direct online bookings for the hotel, whilst representative offices were also established in mainland China, Japan, the United States and Australia, strengthening the prospects of increased room sales for the hotel sector.
The property rental business registered a turnover of approximately HK$364 million during the Reporting Period with occupancy maintained at about 87%. The average unit rate of Miramar Shopping Centre for the Reporting Period increased by approximately 8% in comparison with that of the previous period of twelve months ended 31 March 2009, whilst its average occupancy rate decreased by approximately 9 percentage points mainly due to tenants who were located in Basement 1 being moved out for refurbishment work, which commenced in September 2009. This refurbishment work will be completed and new tenants will move in during the first quarter of 2010. Meanwhile, the average occupancy rate of Miramar Tower for the Reporting Period dropped by approximately 4 percentage points while the average unit rate increased by approximately 8% when compared to the previous period of twelve months ended 31 March 2009.
within the Tsim Sha Tsui district two new shopping centres opened in 2009 while a shopping centre will open next to The Mira in 2010, adding a total gross floor area of approximately 1,300,000 square feet. The retail property leasing market will witness intense competition in the coming year, but at the same time, it will make the district more attractive for visitors. Miramar has thus commenced the renovation of the Miramar Tower s common area in the fourth quarter of 2009, with completion expected to be by early 2011. it has also decided to renovate the shopping centre within The Mira from basement 1 to 2F of the hotel building in the middle of 2010 and the work will probably take about a year.
The closure for renovation of Lumiere in the ifc affected the patronage of the neighbouring Cuisine Cuisine. This, together with the global financial turmoil and Human Swine Flu Pandemic outbreak, resulted in a loss for the food and beverage division during the Reporting Period. To respond to these challenges, Yunyan Szechuan Restaurant is scheduled to be renovated in early 2010, and Lumiere re-opened after a complete transformation in December 2009 as an upscale French-style dining venue named The French window . They will also continue with their plans for gradual expansion in mainland China, with a Chinese restaurant planned to be set up in Beijing in the year 2010.
Total turnover for its travel business amounted to approximately HK$605 million during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of approximately 20% as compared to the same period last year, whilst the operating profit rose approximately two times.
Such successful performance was largely due to a boost in travellers by its competitive differentiation strategy in long-haul tours, with an approximately 140% rise as compared to the previous whole- year period. Meanwhile, its travel arm continues to be the first and only accredited agent in Hong Kong of Richard Branson s Virgin galactic enterprise, which offers the opportunity of space travel to wealthy individuals, further underlining its status for innovative and up-market travel.

The group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles, as evidenced by its low gearing ratio which stood at 19.2% at 31 December 2009 (compared to 16.5% at 30 June 2008).
in July 2009, the group capitalized on the improved local loan market by entering into a HK$8,000 million 3-year syndicated term loan facility with a consortium of 34 leading international banks and local financial institutions. The facility was used to replace the syndicated credit facility which was due to expire in September 2009 and to cater for the general corporate funding requirements of the group. The response to the syndicated loan facility was overwhelming, both in terms of commitments by banks (which well exceeded two times the initial facility size) and of the number of participating banks (which was by far the largest bank syndicate for the group s loan facilities). it clearly demonstrated the strong confidence and continued support of the banking community for the group and is a reflection of its sound financial position and superior credit quality.
To diversify the source of funding and lengthen the debt maturity profile, the group made an approach to the unrated bond market which resulted in the successful conclusion of a guaranteed notes issuance transaction in September 2009 for a total transaction size of US$500 million. At a coupon rate of 5.5% the pricing for this transaction, which carries a maturity of ten years, was benchmarked against the interest rate levels prevailing for comparable public bonds issued by Hong Kong top credit-rated companies.
Further, in light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past year, the group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms of ten years and fifteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates at levels which are well below the average for the past few years. it is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the group in the long run.

Hong Kong has gone through the toughest period of the global financial turmoil that started nearly one and a half years ago. Though the external environment is still fraught with uncertainties, mainland China, which has been less affected by the global financial tsunami, is expected to keep growing from strength to strength despite fine tuning of its moderately loose monetary policy on concerns of overheating in the property sector and inflation risk. Hong Kong will stand to benefit greatly from mainland China s economic growth, drawing the persistent inflow of liquidity in the territory.
Better affordability supported by the prevailing low mortgage rate, as well as tight primary housing supply in the pipeline, will fuel further growth in the local residential property market. Capitalizing on the current buoyant market, the group plans to embark on sales launches for a number of its luxury developments such as Hill Paramount in Shatin, The Beverly Hills Phase 3 in Tai Po and Headland Road project in island South, whilst green Lodge in Tong Yan San Tsuen, Yuen Long, Jade Suites at Canton Road and Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot 76 in Fanling will also be released to meet market demand. These are expected to bring significant revenue to the group.
in mainland China, the policy initiatives of the Central government will continue to play a pivotal role in driving the Mainland property market. in fact, in order to curb speculative activities and to suppress the excessive property price rise, a number of measures unveiled in early 2010, including the increase in the banks reserve requirement to tighten credit expansion and implementation of a 50% down- payment for land acquisition, are reflections of the Central government s policy objectives to ensure a stable development of the property market and the related financial sector. However, in view of uncertainties in the external environment, and to ensure continued high economic growth in the Mainland, draconian measures on the property market are unlikely as the property sector is a pillar industry in mainland China. As such, housing and credit policies are expected to be executed flexibly, with due regard to special situations, whilst for the forthcoming austerity policies the emphasis would be on how such policies would be applied, both in terms of flexibility and potency.
The group is highly confident of the sale of its developments. The group will push ahead with the construction of such projects in earnest and increase the area for development in parallel. At the same time, the project management teams will be expanded in line with our localization policy. To this end, a number of professionals with rich experience in the Mainland market and property development have been recruited as project leaders. All these measures will result in an acceleration of the group s development projects in mainland China.
The group expects that most of the residential projects will be ready for sales in 2010 or 2011. Both the sales force and leasing team in mainland China have been strengthened, whilst the local senior marketing executives have also been under rigorous training. Upon completion of the training programme, they will receive internship in different cities and subsequently be assigned to frontline sales and marketing duties for the group s impending launches of various projects.
on the property investment front, continued improvement in the local economy will strengthen leasing demand across all property sectors, leading to a better leasing performance for the group s rental portfolio in Hong Kong. The group s recently-completed rental premises in Kowloon east, in particular, are expected to record strong growth with the relocation of many corporate tenants from sectors ranging from finance to manufacturing to that district.
The leasing rate for this portfolio of about 2,000,000 square feet is expected to have steady growth. in mainland China, the recent completion of Centro and the scheduled completion of Henderson Metropolitan in Shanghai in the first half of 2010 will expand the group s Mainland rental portfolio by about 1.2 million square feet to about 6.4 million square feet in gross floor area. As such, rental income in mainland China is set to increase further.
Capitalizing on the buoyant property market, the group has rapidly expanded its development land bank in Hong Kong (through conversion of agricultural land or existing properties into other purposes, as well as expedited property developments and acquisitions of old buildings) so that a total of 5,760,000 square feet is available for development, with a further 4,000,000 square feet in gross floor area becoming available hopefully by the end of 2010 and 15,000,000 square feet beyond 2010. At the same time, the group has built up a substantial development land bank in mainland China, totalling 146.2 million square feet in developable gross floor area. These extensive land resources in both Hong Kong and mainland China are expected to provide handsome return.
in addition, the expanding rental portfolio in both Hong Kong and mainland China will provide the group with rising recurrent rental income, whilst the contributions by the three listed associates, namely, Hong Kong and China gas, Hong Kong Ferry and Miramar, are also expected to record steady growth. given the group s four valuable growth drivers, namely: (i) continued expansion of the group s agricultural land reserve, already the largest among all property developers in Hong Kong, from 32.8 million square feet at 31 December 2009 to the current level of 40 million square feet in land area as well as its expedited land-use conversion; (ii) proven experience of expanding property developments by acquiring prime urban sites at reasonable prices; (iii) the huge, low-cost development land bank in mainland China, the handsome returns from which will be gradually realized in line with their accelerated development, and (iv) the group s investment in Hong Kong and China gas (for each of the issued shares of the Company, it has a holding of about 1.21 shares of Hong Kong and China gas whose prevailing market value of approximately HK$23.1 based on its closing price of HK$19.1 as at 30 March 2010 represents about 40% of the market price for each issued share of the Company), which is expected to grow in line with China s economic growth with its emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and Mainland utility businesses reaching the same level as that of Hong Kong gas businesses in 2012, the creation of value for shareholders over the long term is assured. There are thus ample reasons to be optimistic about the future of the group.

i would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their support and wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
