Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, GBM Chairman and Managing Director Our approach as a Group is based on strong economic, social and environmental principles. We strive to create high quality, visually stimulating, innovative new homes and commercial developments that enhance, as well as integrate with, their surrounding natural and built environments.
Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2007.

Our approach as a Group is based on strong economic, social and environmental principles. We strive to create high quality, visually stimulating, innovative new homes and commercial developments that enhance, as well as integrate with, their surrounding natural and built environments.
Sustainability lies at the heart of this approach, we build effi cient, modern properties, but we also try to play our part in establishing or contributing to comfortable and friendly communities for our customers to live and work in. Large-scale projects such as Grand Promenade, Grand Waterfront and the IFC complex have shown that our customers appreciate this approach and welcome the resultant quality of life that our properties afford them.
Following the successful privatisation of Henderson China Holdings Limited, the Group has injected substantial resources in expanding its property development business in mainland China. Signifi cant progress has been made and the Group now has many new projects planned or underway. We are replicating this approach and applying the same mix of innovative design, high quality construction standards and community commitment.
These major new commercial and residential projects will provide users with unparalleled living and working environments and will further enhance the Group s reputation.
Profi t and Net Assets Attributable to Shareholders The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2007 amounted to HK$9,817.7 million, representing a decrease of HK$3,731.0 million or 27.5% over that for the previous year. Earnings per share were HK$5.19 (2006: HK$7.47). The decrease in profi t attributable to equity shareholders for the year was mainly due to the higher revaluation surplus (net of deferred tax) of investment properties recognized in the previous year by HK$4,345.6 million when compared with the corresponding revaluation surplus (net of deferred tax) for the year.
The underlying profit for the year, excluding the revaluation surplus of investment properties (net of deferred tax), was HK$5,882.8 million, an increase of HK$614.6 million or 11.7%.
Based on the underlying profit, the earnings per share were HK$3.11 (2006: HK$2.90).
Included in the results for the year was total non-recurrent income of HK$938.0 million made up of the excess, amounting to HK$352.4 million, of the fair values of net assets comprised in the companies acquired from Henderson Investment Limited during the year over the consideration paid, and the Group s share of gain of HK$585.6 million arising from the disposal of 10 piped-city gas projects by an associate. (Similarly, net non-recurrent income of HK$1,395.5 million was recorded in the previous year made up of a net gain of HK$650.7 million resulting from the privatisation of two listed subsidiaries, a deemed profi t of HK$829.6 million on placement of Henderson Investment Limited shares, and project tender cost written off amounting to HK$84.8 million.) After excluding such non-recurrent income, the adjusted underlying profit for the year was HK$4,944.8 million, representing an increase of HK$1,072.1 million or 27.7% over that for the previous year. Based on the adjusted underlying profi t, the earnings per share were HK$2.61 (2006: HK$2.13), or an increase of 22.5%. The encouraging improvement in adjusted underlying profi t was the result of signifi cantly higher profi t contributions from property development, associates and jointly controlled entities, as well as the steady increase in rental income from investment properties.
At 30 June 2007, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$92,219.1 million, 18.3% higher than the amount of HK$77,964.1 million a year earlier, while the adjusted net asset value, after excluding deferred tax on the revaluation surplus of investment properties, was HK$98,969.5 million (2006: HK$83,720.7 million). Net debt amounted to HK$8,750.1 million (2006: HK$13,035.4 million) and the gearing ratio was 9.5% (2006: 16.7%).

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.70 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 3 December 2007. The total distribution per share of HK$1.10 for the full year, including the interim dividend of HK$0.40 per share already paid, represents an increase of 5% over the total distribution per share in the previous year. Warrants for the final dividend will be sent to Shareholders on or before 5 December 2007.
Business Review Hong Kong 
Substantial growth in GDP, rising wages, improved employment prospect and favourable bank mortgage terms have all resulted in a buoyant property market. During the year, two large-scale development projects, namely, Grand Waterfront in To Kwa Wan and The Sherwood in Tuen Mun were launched for sale. Up to the year end, 1,143 residential units and 1,073 residential units, or 64% and 68% respectively of the total units, were sold for these two development projects. Other projects which were launched for sale during the year, including Scenic Horizon in Shau Kei Wan, CentrePlace in the Mid-Levels and The Verdancy in Yuen Long, also received encouraging response. Together with the re- launch of other popular projects such as Grand Promenade, Royal Green and Metro Harbour View, during the year the Group sold an attributable HK$7,894.8 million worth of properties in Hong Kong (including the Group s attributable share of the value of properties sold by associates and jointly controlled entities), a remarkable growth of 130% when compared with HK$3,434.6 million for the 
By the end of the year, 203 units or 72% of the total units at Royal Green Phase 2 were sold. New owners of Grand Waterfront units praised the development for the exceptional quality inherent in its construction and in the materials used, with a satisfaction rate of almost 100%. Newton Place Hotel at Kwun Tong, a stylish hotel with 598 guest rooms, has commenced business since July 2007, while the project in Tong Yan San Tsuen, a low-density development, will be launched for sale shortly.
At the year end, the Group had a total of 3,341 residential units available for sale at the following major property development 
At the year end, the Group had a land bank in Hong Kong with a total attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 21.1 million square feet, including completed investment properties and hotels with a total gross fl oor area of approximately 8.6 million square feet and 1.0 million square feet respectively, as well as stock of unsold property units with a total gross area of approximately 2.8 million square feet. In addition, the Group held rentable car parking spaces with a total area of around 2.7 million 
During the year, approval was obtained from the Town Planning Board to include Flat use in the draft Outline Zoning Plan that covers 14-30 King Wah Road of North Point, which was acquired by the Group in the previous financial year. Meanwhile, the Group remained active in replenishing its land bank in Hong Kong through various means, including private purchases and farmland conversions. During the year, the Group won the tender for a 92.31% stake of two prime sites in Wanchai comprising a total gross fl oor area of approximately 181,602 square feet.
It is tentatively planned that these sites will be developed into a residential tower and a hotel respectively. Following the settlement of the land-use conversion premium, the land lot in Ng Uk Tsuen formed part of the project at Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot 231, Sheung Shui, increased the total gross fl oor area for this residential development to approximately 229,000 square feet.
Land-use conversion in respect of Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot 76, Fanling was also completed during the year, with the site to be developed into 54 residential units comprising approximately 34,000 square feet in total gross fl oor area. Totally, approximately 290,000 square feet of developable gross fl oor area was added to the Group s land bank from the abovementioned three projects: Moreover, the Group has over the years made significant acquisition of agricultural land with high development potential and proceeded to apply to the Government for land-use conversion of these land lots at a reasonable premium. During the year, the Group acquired a number of agricultural land lots with a total land area of over 1.8 million square feet, increasing its holding of agricultural land lots to approximately 31.7 million square feet at the year end. This is the largest agricultural land holding of all property developers in Hong Kong.
Of this holding, land lots comprising a total area of approximately 10 million square feet are already in various stages of land-use conversion. A further 8 million square feet of the Group s holding of agricultural land, located near the strategic development areas proposed by the Government, is expected to be in the pipeline for land-use conversion in the future. It is anticipated that over the next few years land-use conversion of agricultural land lots will, on average, provide the Group with development sites of around 3 million square feet in gross fl oor area each year.

The Group s gross rental income for the year, including its share from jointly controlled entities, was up by 15.3% to HK$3,148.2 million. Net rental income increased from last year s HK$1,707.5 million to HK$2,093.3 million. At the year end, the Group s core rental properties maintained a high occupancy rate of 94%. Rental income growth was primarily driven by higher rents for new leases and renewals for all types of properties, while contribution from the IFC complex also increased considerably. During the year, 25.6% of the total tenancies in the Group s investment properties, representing gross fl oor area of about 1.59 million square feet, were renewed.
IFC Mall, a major retail and leisure destination in Central with a well planned mix of leading global brands and upmarket restaurants, was fully let. The Group s other large-scale shopping malls, which are mostly located in high population growth new towns, also performed well. By the end of the fi nancial year, Metro City Plaza Phases II & III in Tseung Kwan O, Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan, City Landmark II in Tsuen Wan, Citimall in Yuen Long as well as Shatin Plaza each recorded occupancy rates of 95% or more. Renovation works and facility upgrades, which help increase the rental yields by encouraging higher shopper traffic, were regularly undertaken in the Group s investment properties. During the year, Shatin Plaza and Shatin Centre underwent renovations and upgrades on different scales so as to offer customers a fresh shopping experience. Renovations to Metro City Plaza Phase II are progressing well, whilst work at the North Wing of Trend Plaza is also under way to increase the retail area by about 20,000 square feet, by converting Tuen Mun Theatre to retail use. Both projects are scheduled for completion successively in 2008. In the coming fi nancial year, major upgrade projects will commence at Sunshine City Plaza, Kowloon Building and South Wing of Trend Plaza. Renovation works for City Landmark I and Citimall are also in the pipeline.
Demand for quality office space from the booming financial sector, among others, remained strong, with many international corporations keen to expand their operations in this region. This trend boosted the performance of the Group s offi ce portfolio, which includes properties such as IFC, located in the core of Hong Kong Central District, where the supply of new offi ce space is becoming increasingly limited. AIA Tower in North Point, another of the Group s quality office towers, also experienced strong demand, attaining 95% occupancy at the year end. As a result, offi ce rental income grew considerably during the fi nancial year with an increase of 100% in rental levels being common in many lease renewals, particularly for those tenancies which were previously concluded around the time of the SARS epidemic in Hong Kong. To meet the growing market demand, pre-leasing for Kwun Tong 223, a distinctive landmark in Kowloon East with over 1 million square feet of grade-A offi ce space, has been launched arousing keen interest from many multinational companies. The development is scheduled for completion by the end of 2007.
During the year, strong demand from expatriates working at multinational companies, particularly those in the legal, banking and fi nance sectors, continued to lend solid support to the luxury residential leasing market. Four Seasons Place, the most luxurious serviced suites in Hong Kong, remained the most sought after of their kind with nearly full occupancy by the year end. Occupancy rates for Eva Court, a luxury apartment complex located in Mid- Levels, were also high at 92% by the year end.
Hotels, Construction and Property Management The Group s three Newton hotels, with most of their guest rooms renovated during the period from September 2006 to March 2007, were well positioned to reap the benefi ts of Hong Kong s thriving tourism industry. They maintained steady room revenue against a higher average room rate with a stable occupancy of over 80%.
Newton Place Hotel at Kwun Tong commenced business in July 2007. With the addition of this newly completed hotel, the Group has four Newton hotels operating in Hong Kong, with a total of 1,445 guest rooms.
Equipped with the finest restaurants, a deluxe spa and top- class room facilities, Four Seasons Hotel in the IFC complex has established a loyal clientele comprising the most discerning overseas visitors and local patrons. Its performance for the fi nancial year has exceeded expectations.
The Group s reputation for exceptional product quality is to a large extent attributable to the efforts of its Construction Division working in conjunction with the Project Management Departments. Their close attention to detail and strong sense of responsibility have enabled the Group to deliver the fi nest properties that our customers have come to expect. With new technologies (such as infrared surveying to check external walls) being constantly introduced to ensure the highest standards, the Group is striving to boost the quality of its new developments.
Grand Waterfront, a newly completed luxury residential project, was widely acclaimed for its excellent building quality.
The Group s member property management companies, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited and Well Born Real Estate Management Limited, currently manage some 190 property developments across the territory, comprising a total of over 76,000 residential, commercial and industrial units and shops, and more than 17,000 car parking spaces. These two companies are on the frontline fulfi lling the Group s pledge of providing the fi nest care and services not only to customers, but also to the public at large. Together they received 224 accolades during the year.
Business Review Mainland China and Macau The Group is rapidly increasing its activities in mainland China, where it now has projects ranging from landmark commercial developments in the major cities of Beijing and Shanghai to massive residential schemes in the second-tier cities. By combining its successful mix of international design, world- class construction, and strong commitment to sustainable development, the Group is cultivating an excellent reputation while closely assisting China with the advancement of its cityscapes and the development of communities for the future.
During the year, the Group made signifi cant progress in its land acquisition programme in mainland China. By way of auction, strategic co-operation and acquisition, at the end of August 2007 the Group had a vast development landbank in mainland China with an attributable land area of approximately 36.69 million square feet, a substantial increase of 154% over the previous year, which will provide for the Group a total developable gross fl oor area of 101.5 million square feet. By adhering to stringent site selection criteria, all these newly added development sites are reasonably priced and of manageable size which will allow quicker return as they are all available for immediate 
In Changsha, the Group has residential developments in both the suburb of Xingsha Town and the city centre of Kaifu District.
The project in Xingsha Town, with a total land cost of RMB198.6 million, offers a total gross fl oor area together with the basement area of approximately 9.2 million square feet, while the one in Kaifu District has the potential to provide a total gross fl oor area of about 2.5 million square feet against a total land cost of RMB184 million. Having assorted projects in a single city enables the Group to better cater to different customer preferences, a strategy that has been similarly applied in other cities such as Xian, Chongqing 
In Xuzhou, with a total land cost of RMB541.7 million, a residential community project will be developed in four phases providing a total gross fl oor area of 5.3 million square feet. Special water features, which are of great attraction in this inland city, will be installed in this project.
In Xian, the Group has formed a 5050 joint venture with Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited of Singapore to jointly develop a riverside residential community at Chanhe, with a total gross fl oor area of over 33 million square feet. Total land cost for this project was about RMB1,720 million. The Group also won the bid for another residential project in the Second Ring Road East, the downtown area of Xian, at a consideration of about RMB434.9 million. This project will provide a total gross fl oor area of 4.2 million square feet.
In Chongqing, two sites have been acquired by the Group to be developed into residential communities. The fi rst in the Erlang Phoenix Area, which was purchased for RMB157 million, will provide a total gross fl oor area of around 2.8 million square feet with excellent transport connections to Chengdu, another major city in that region. The second site, a riverside development in Nan an District, is acclaimed for having a neighbourhood similar to Coal Harbour, an upscale high-rise condominium district in Vancouver, Canada. This site will provide a total gross fl oor area of around 4.0 million square feet against the total land cost of 
In Shenyang, the Group has an expanded land reserve in the suburban Puhe New District. At a land cost of RMB552 million, the Group purchased adjacent sites with a gross fl oor area of approximately 10.1 million square feet. The combined site has a total gross fl oor area of 15.5 million square feet for residential usage. Shenyang International Finance Centre, another very promising project in this city with a total gross fl oor area of 5.7 million square feet against the total land cost of RMB616 million, will house an 89-storey landmark offi ce tower, which will become the tallest building in this city. Pei Partnership Architects, an international accredited fi rm closely associated with the world- renowned architect, I.M. Pei, has been appointed as the design architect for this project.
In Xiangcheng District of Suzhou, the Group recently purchased a parcel of commercial land with a planned gross fl oor area of 8.2 million square feet at RMB669 million. When combined this commercial land lot with its adjacent development, which was also acquired by the Group during the year for a total land cost of RMB865 million, the whole development will become a massive self-contained community, providing a further 6.8 million square feet in gross fl oor area with a water-themed design.
In Yixing, the Group will construct another luxury residential development on an island in the city area, with a total land cost of RMB158 million, for a total gross fl oor area of about 700,000 
In Shanghai, a project located at a prime site comprising Lot No.
155 Nanjing Road East, which provides a total developable gross fl oor area of 1 million square feet, has also been acquired by the Group at the consideration of about HK$1,356.7 million. It will be developed into a mixed-use offi ce-cum-commercial complex.
In a nutshell, the total land cost for the Group s site acquisitions in mainland China since 2006 was approximately RMB10,000 million, whilst the total investment for the property development projects involved would amount to RMB25,000 million. Apart from these existing projects, acquisition of another 50 million square feet of developable fl oor area is under negotiation, for which agreements have been reached. With the probable completion of the formalities for the land acquisition by the end of 2007, the Group s landbank in mainland China will increase to about 150 million square feet.
The Group s involvement in many projects extends beyond merely building quality properties. It also strives to integrate them with the surrounding natural and built environment and, where possible, enhance the overall context. During the year, construction progressed well for all the properties under development. In Beijing, the Cesar Pelli designed World Financial Centre, resembling twin crystal jewel boxes, attracted an excellent response from fi nancial institutions and multinational corporations during its pre-leasing period. With approximately 1.9 million and 100,000 square feet of gross fl oor area slated for offi ce and retail use respectively, World Financial Centre is scheduled for completion in mid-2008, ahead of the 2008 Beijing Olympics.
In Shanghai, with the addition of a new project at Lot No. 155, Nanjing Road East, the Group has an expanded portfolio of four properties under development, two of which have been designed by the prestigious architect, Kenzo Tange Associates of Japan. All of these four properties, consisting of approximately 1.7 million square feet of prime offi ce space, 500,000 square feet of shopping area and 700,000 square feet of car parking space in total, will be held for rental purposes upon their completion by 2009 or early 2010, ahead of the opening of the World Expo 2010 in Shanghai.
In Guangzhou, Hengli Wanpan, comprising a total attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 1.7 million square feet, is due for completion by early 2008. An overwhelming response was received for its pre-sale. Phase III of the development was sold with an average price exceeding RMB1,000 per square feet (equivalent to RMB11,000 per square metre), 30% higher than the price achieved for the last two phases which were both virtually 
For the three years ending 30 June 2008, 30 June 2009 and 30 June 2010, the annual square footage of developable fl oor area (including the area for basement) to be completed by the Group in mainland China is scheduled to be approximately 4.4 million square feet, 2.8 million square feet and 12.6 million square feet respectively. For the year ending 30 June 2008, approximately 2.7 million square feet of developable gross fl oor area will be held for investment, whilst the remaining 1.7 million square feet will be for sale. For the projects to be completed in the year ending 30 June 2009, the majority will be residential premises for sale. For the year ending 30 June 2010, investment properties, which embrace all the four prime offi ce developments in Shanghai, will make up 23% of the annual completion, whilst the residential premises for sale will account for the remaining 77%.
In order to better manage the development projects throughout mainland China, the Group has established a mainland head offi ce in Shenzhen, close to its headquarters in Hong Kong and readily accessible for all local staff. By combining the well-experienced Hong Kong project team with promising local professionals, the new offi ce will offer the best international practice in conjunction with home-grown talent, thereby ensuring that all of the Group s mainland projects fulfi l the market needs. Looking ahead, further regional offi ces will be established to support the Group s rapid business expansion in mainland China.
The overwhelming success of the pre-sale of Hengli Wanpan is a very clear vote of confi dence by mainland homebuyers in the Henderson Land brand name. In order to consistently deliver quality of the highest standard to mainland customers, the Group intends to set up its own construction company in China. With a full in-house capability spanning all aspects of construction, the Group will be well placed to ensure quality standards are consistently high in all future projects.
During the year, rental properties in mainland China generated a total gross rental income of HK$192.9 million, an increase of HK$114.3 million over the previous year. With the gradual completion of some of the above investment properties, which comprise mainly Grade-A offi ce space, rental income is set to increase significantly during the years to come. The property investment business will complement the property development business and will become a major source of steady income in mainland China. In order to better manage its property portfolio, in August 2007 the Group increased its stakes in some of the rental properties, which comprise commercial podia.
Joint-Venture Development in Macau In April 2005, the Group entered into an agreement to jointly develop a waterfront site of approximately 1.45 million square feet of land area in Macau. The site s total gross fl oor area has yet to be fi nalized as it is still under application for land-use 
Acquisition of Interests in Certain Companies from Henderson Investment Limited On 27 March 2007 the Company and Henderson Investment Limited entered into an agreement providing for the acquisition by the Company, for cash, of the Henderson Investment Group s property portfolio, the 31.36% interest in Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited, the 44.21% interest in Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited and certain listed securities.
Upon completion of the transaction, the Henderson Investment Group mainly held a 38.55% stake (which was increased to 39.06% as at 17 September 2007) in The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) and certain infrastructure business. As part of the transaction which was completed on 13 June 2007, a distribution of HK$5.00 per share was made by Henderson Investment to its shareholders.
The Company paid an aggregate amount of consideration in cash of approximately HK$12,072.6 million to Henderson Investment for the acquisition. In return, the Company received by way of the distribution a sum of approximately HK$10,352 million.
Henderson Investment Limited (67.94%-owned by the Company) For the year ended 30 June 2007, the consolidated profi t of this group attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$5,391.1 million, representing an increase of HK$1,723.9 million or 47.0% over that for the previous year. Excluding the revaluation surplus of investment properties (net of deferred tax), the underlying profit for the year was HK$4,691.6 million, or an increase of HK$2,625.5 million or 127.1%.
The businesses in which this group ceased to be interested following the completion of the abovementioned transaction are classifi ed as discontinued operations as from 14 June 2007, whilst the business activities for the remaining companies are collectively classifi ed as continuing operations.

The profi t attributable to equity shareholders of this company for the year from continuing operations amounted to HK$3,626.3 million (2006: HK$1,928.0 million), representing an increase of HK$1,698.3 million or 88.1% over that for the previous year.
This group s remaining business activities mainly comprise infrastructure business in mainland China and a 38.55% interest in an associate, Hong Kong and China Gas (which was increased to 39.06% as at 17 September 2007), whose result will be described separately in the section of Associated Companies.
Profit contribution from the infrastructure business, which comprises interests in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge and a highway in Maanshan City of Anhui Province, increased from last year s HK$81.8 million to HK$130.7 million as traffi c volume for the bridge increased following the completion of repair and maintenance work to it during the year.

The profi t attributable to equity shareholders of this company for the year from discontinued operations, including the gain on disposal of HK$925.4 million arising from the abovementioned transaction, was HK$1,764.8 million, representing an increase of HK$25.6 million or 1.5% over that for the previous year.
Excluding the changes in fair value of investment properties of this group and its associates (net of deferred tax), the underlying profi t attributable to equity shareholders of this company from discontinued operations amounted to HK$1,378.4 million, representing an increase of HK$911.5 million or 195.2%.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited (38.55%-owned by Henderson Investment) The unaudited profi t after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the six months ended 30 June 2007 amounted to HK$5,469.9 million, including a HK$2,235.7 million gain resulting from the acquisition of shares in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China , formerly known as Panva Gas Holdings Limited) by way of asset injection and a HK$1,270.4 million profi t resulting from the sale of properties and revaluation surplus on an investment property.
(I) Gas business in Hong Kong For the six months ended 30 June 2007, the 1.9% drop in the volume of residential gas sales was offset by 3.2% growth in the volume of commercial and industrial gas sales, leading to a slight increase of 0.2% in the total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong. As at 30 June 2007, the number of customers was 1,631,302, an increase of 24,461 from the end of June 
(II) Business development in mainland China Hong Kong and China Gas s mainland businesses are progressing well. Its first coalbed gas liquefaction joint venture project started in early July 2007 in Jincheng, Shanxi province with commissioning expected by mid-2008. It also established its fi rst joint venture for energy exploitation in early 2007 in Jilin province.
Following the acquisition of Towngas China as an associated company, its well-recognised and reputable brand name of Towngas in Chinese has been adopted by Hong Kong and China Gas for the mainland city-gas businesses.
Inclusive of Towngas China, Hong Kong and China Gas currently has a total of 70 projects spread across 13 provinces and an area of Beijing, encompassing upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors as well as the water supply and wastewater treatment sector.
(III) Environmentally-friendly energy business The energy businesses run by ECO Energy Company Limited, which is wholly-owned by Hong Kong and China Gas, and its subsidiaries (together known as ECO ) are progressing well.
Revenue from ECO s dedicated liquefied petroleum gas fi lling stations increased during the fi rst half of 2007. ECO is now leveraging its expertise by developing environmentally- friendly energy businesses on the mainland. An experimental project involving the construction and operation of several compressed natural gas fi lling stations for heavy duty trucks is running in Shaanxi province.
ECO s landfi ll gas project is also progressing well and the North East New Territories landfi ll gas treatment facility was commissioned in early 2007. Treated landfi ll gas is being transported to Tai Po gas production plant via a 19 km pipeline to partially substitute naphtha as a fuel for town gas 
In 2002, ECO signed a 40-year franchise agreement with the Hong Kong Airport Authority to design, construct and commission a permanent aviation fuel facility at Tuen Mun Area 38 so as to supply aviation fuel directly to Hong Kong International Airport. The project is progressing as scheduled and is expected to be commissioned by 2010.
(IV) Property developments For the six months ended 30 June 2007, HK$728.2 million was recognized as its share of profi ts arising from the sale of units at Grand Promenade, Grand Waterfront and King s Park Hill property development projects, whilst its share of a revaluation surplus from International Finance Centre was HK$542.2 million. For the same period of last year, Hong Kong and China Gas s share of profi ts from its sales of properties was HK$117.7 million and its share of a revaluation surplus from the abovementioned investment property was HK$588.2 million. Leasing for the 150,000-square feet commercial area at Grand Waterfront, a property development project located at the Ma Tau Kok south plant site, started in the second half of 2007.
As a result of the implementation of a dual naphtha and natural gas feedstock mix in October 2006, feedstock costs have decreased to the benefi t of customers in Hong Kong. Also, in mainland China, Hong Kong and China Gas will develop upstream, midstream, downstream and emerging energy markets at a faster rate and it is expected to have good prospects for its mainland 
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited (31.36%-owned by the Company) The unaudited consolidated profi t attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong Ferry for the six months ended 30 June 2007 amounted to HK$214.5 million, representing an increase of 76% over that for the same period last year. The sale of residential units of Metro Harbour View and MetroRegalia was the major source of income for Hong Kong Ferry, whilst it also benefi ted from the increased returns from the rental income of the commercial property and securities investments.
During the period, Hong Kong Ferry recorded an operating profi t of HK$41 million and HK$12.2 million respectively from the sale of 50 residential units of Metro Harbour View and 14 residential units of MetroRegalia. Consequently, approximately 30 residential units of Metro Harbour View and 45 residential units of MetroRegalia remain available for sale. On the property investment front, rental income from Metro Harbour Plaza amounted to HK$15.4 million for this six-month period and its leasing rate as at the end of June 2007 was 96% after taking into account the committed tenancies.
Rental income from the shopping mall of MetroRegalia amounted to HK$415,000 with the occupancy rate at 36%.
Superstructure work has been substantially completed for the property development site at 222 Tai Kok Tsui Road. Interior works will commence by the end of 2007 and the project is scheduled for completion by late 2008. Construction for No. 6 Cho Yuen Street of Yau Tong also progressed well and is expected to be completed in early 2009.
During the period, the Ferry, Shipyard and Related Operations recorded a loss of HK$0.6 million, while the loss for the Travel and Hotel Operations had been reduced to HK$0.19 million.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited (44.21%-owned by the Company) For the year ended 31 March 2007, Miramar s turnover was approximately HK$1,434 million. Excluding the contribution from its land-sales project in the US and the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, the profi t before tax generated from its core businesses was HK$404 million, an increase of 18% over the previous year. Profi t attributable to shareholders was approximately HK$688 million (HK$1,169 million for the previous 
Miramar owned andor provided management services for eight hotels and serviced apartment complexes, whose aggregate turnover increased by 13% over the previous year and accounted for 34% of Miramar s total profi t for the year. Its fl agship, Hotel Miramar, maintained an occupancy rate at 90% with an increase of 17% in the average room rate. Beginning from August 2007 and running through to the middle of 2008, a large-scale renovation plan will be carried out in phases, transforming Hotel Miramar into an upscale business hotel with an atmosphere of stylish 
Miramar s property business reported an 8% growth in turnover in relation to its Hong Kong and China property assets (i.e., excluding its US property activities) and contributed around 60% of the total profi t for the company as a whole. A major contributor was its Miramar Shopping Centre, which was in the process of improving its rental return following the completion of renovations and a realignment of the tenant mix. Older leases drawn up during the property downturn expired during the year and were replaced with new ones refl ecting current market values. Benefi ting from the improved economic climate, Miramar Tower (the offi ce tower above the Miramar Shopping Centre) maintained an occupancy rate of around 90% with the rental increment achieved on new and renewed leases at around 70%. As the US property market slowed considerably during the year, Miramar s overseas land- sales project in Placer County, California was placed on hold, with no transactions recorded during the year. Consequently, 80 acres (290 lots) of residential land and 70 acres of commercial land remain available for sale there.
During the year, Miramar reengineered some aspects of its established food and beverage operations, moving into new areas that would generate greater public interest and patronage. Its initiatives to build up the high-performing restaurant duo Cuisine Cuisine and Lumiere were successful, while effi cient cost controls enabled other less high-profi le Miramar outlets to accomplish returns in line with expenditure. As a result of these initiatives, aggregate turnover of its continuing food and beverage outlets over the year rose by around 8% despite keen competition.
As part of the restructuring of its travel business, successful travel professionals were recruited from within the industry and various new initiatives were launched. Miramar Travel, created in 2006, succeeded in boosting the customer numbers for its tour business by adding a number of new package tours and itineraries. Miramar Express, now responsible for commercial ticketing, car hires and cruise business, achieved a satisfactory performance as a result of its keen marketing efforts to the government and commercial sectors. It was also appointed by two leading international cruise lines, Oceania and Crystal, as their offi cial general agent in Hong Kong. Turnover for the travel business grew by 44% over the previous year with a signifi cant shift back towards profitability.
The MTR Corporation s recently announced plans to build a pedestrian subway linking the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR Station with the Hotel Miramar, the Miramar Shopping Centre and their direct neighbour was a major coup for Miramar. The new direct link will help to merge Miramar s adjacent properties in a way that will enable the different components to fully complement each other, creating a truly mixed-use environment that will enhance returns.
The improved accessibility to tourists and shoppers will also serve to position the Miramar site as a unique and prominent Tsim Sha 
With its approach focused on continuous modernisation, expansion and a readiness to explore new and exciting possibilities, the outlook for Miramar is positive.
Sunlight Real Estate Investment Trust In December 2006, the Group disposed of its interests in eleven offi ce and retail (including car park) properties to Sunlight Real Estate Investment Trust ( Sunlight REIT ) at a total consideration of approximately HK$1,099.3 million. Units of Sunlight REIT were then listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 21 December 2006 with approximately 4.5% of Sunlight REIT being held by the Group as a result. Sunlight REIT currently owns a portfolio of 20 offi ce and retail properties in Hong Kong with an aggregate gross rentable area of approximately 1.29 million square feet. Proceeds from the transaction were made available for use by the Group in its operations and for new investment opportunities. This disposal also led to the Group s business being further diversifi ed with the addition of a stable income source as its wholly-owned subsidiary, namely, Henderson Sunlight Asset Management Limited, was appointed as the manager of Sunlight REIT.
Issue of New Shares On 10 November 2006, pursuant to a placing agreement, a subsidiary of Henderson Development Limited (the controlling shareholder of the Company) sold 128 million existing shares of the Company at the placing price of HK$43.05 per share. Pursuant to the placing agreement, the Company then issued 128 million new shares to Henderson Development Limited at the placing price adjusted for this purpose by the expenses incurred in relation to the placing and the subscription, raising net proceeds of approximately HK$5,508 million. The new shares represented approximately 7.05% of the Company s then existing issued share capital and about 6.59% of its issued share capital as enlarged by the subscription. With an enlarged capital base, the Group is in a better fi nancial position for future expansion, both in Hong Kong and mainland China.

The Group has always adhered to sound and prudent financial management principles. At the end of the year, the Group maintained a gearing ratio of net bank borrowings to shareholders funds of 9.5%. The Group does not make use of any derivative instruments for speculative purposes. In respect of the Group s operations in mainland China, apart from its capital and, in some cases, loan contributions to projects which are denominated in Renminbi and are not hedged, the Group endeavours to establish a natural hedge by maintaining an appropriate level of external borrowings in Renminbi. Apart from this, the Group does not have any material foreign exchange 
At the beginning of the year under review, the Group capitalized on the very favourable loan market conditions by concluding a HK$13.35 billion syndicated revolving credit facility carrying a fi ve-year maturity at an extremely attractive interest margin. This fi nancing transaction established a record in the local syndicated loan market at the time as the largest transaction for private sector borrowings ever raised in Hong Kong Dollars, refl ecting the support and confi dence of the banking community in the Group. Also during the year, in respect of the International Finance Centre project jointly owned by the Group, a non-recourse term loan facility carrying a fi ve-year maturity was signed in March for another record-breaking amount of HK$17.35 billion raised in the local syndicated loan market with very favourable terms.
To diversify the source of its funding, the Group made an approach to the debt private placement markets in the United States and Europe which resulted in the successful conclusion of a debut note issuance transaction in July 2007 for a total transaction size equivalent to US$425 million, with tranches carrying maturities of 7 years to 15 years. Pricing for this transaction, which carries a weighted-average maturity of just over ten years, was benchmarked against the interest rate levels prevailing for comparable public bonds issued by Hong Kong top credit-rated companies. The transaction has contributed to lengthening the debt maturity profi le of the Group. Except for these notes totalling US$425 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,312.4 million) which bear fi xed interest rates, the Group s borrowings bear fl oating interest rates.

Boosted by ongoing increases in both its external trade and domestic consumption, mainland China is expected to maintain robust economic growth. By capitalizing on its continuing and increasingly close ties with mainland China, the Hong Kong economy will grow from strength to strength. Having benefi ted from the enormous business opportunities offered by the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA), Hong Kong recently also served as the fi rst arena outside the mainland to initiate a Renminbi bond market. With mainland asset management companies now allowed to operate in Hong Kong while mainland investors also permitted to invest directly in Hong Kong securities under the newly announced pilot scheme, Hong Kong s status as an international fi nancial centre will be further entrenched. The property market, as well as other business sectors in Hong Kong, will also benefi t from the improving economic fundamentals.
Improved employment prospects, rising household incomes, favourable mortgage terms and reduced government stamp duty will boost the demand for housing. Completion volumes for private residential units, however, are forecast to stay low for the years ahead. All these factors suggest that residential property prices will pick up steadily. In response to growing market demand, the Group will embark on sales launches for a number of its development projects such as The Sparkle and 33 Lai Chi Kok Road. Some of its other popular projects including Grand Waterfront, The Sherwood and The Beverly Hills will also be re-launched for sale. Together with the sale of non-residential projects including Midas Plaza, 9-11 Sheung Hei Street and 52 Hung To Road, these activities are expected to bring signifi cant revenue to the Group.
Rentals for shopping centres are expected to rise on the back of buoyant local consumption and tourist spending, while the strong demand for quality office space from the service sectors, in particular the fi nance sector, and from multinational corporations will also fuel further growth in offi ce rental rates. Kwun Tong 223, the landmark development in Kowloon East equipped with state- of-the-art facilities and comprising over 1.0 million square feet of Grade-A offi ce space, will be completed in the coming months, expanding the Group s investment property portfolio in Hong Kong to 9.6 million square feet in terms of gross fl oor area. With higher rents for both new lettings and renewals, revenue for the Group s existing property investment portfolio will continue to grow, whilst the gradual completion of the new rental properties will give an added boost to the Group s recurring rental income.
Also, amid the increasing visitor arrivals in Hong Kong, Newton Place Hotel at Kwun Tong commenced business in July 2007, whilst the remaining three Newton hotels have also completed the renovation for most of their guest rooms. The hotel operation is thus expected to provide greater contribution to the Group.
In mainland China, the Group s investment property portfolio is also set to expand. The Cesar Pelli designed World Financial Centre, an international grade-A offi ce complex in Beijing, will soon be completed, in time for the opening of 2008 Beijing Olympics. In Shanghai, four offi ce-cum-retail complexes, two of which have been designed by the acclaimed architects, Kenzo Tange Associates of Japan, are also scheduled for completion by 2009 or early 2010, ahead of the opening of World Expo 2010 in Shanghai. Together with the higher revenue from existing rental properties such as Offi ce Tower II of the Grand Gateway, rental income from the Group s investment properties in mainland China is expected to grow strongly in the years to come.
Hengli Wanpan, a quality property development in Guangzhou, achieved overwhelming success in its pre-sale and is expected to bring signifi cant returns to the Group when it is completed in 2008. In view of the strong appetite for quality housing in mainland China, as well as the confidence of mainland homebuyers in the Group s brand name, the Group intends to expand its land bank in mainland China to a total attributable gross fl oor area of about 150 million square feet by the end of 2007. At the same time, the Group will take active steps to develop the sites that it has already acquired. Its objective is to ensure that the projects are not only well designed, but are completed on time, within budget and according to our quality standards, thereby further reinforcing Henderson Land s already strong reputation. The establishment of a mainland head offi ce in Shenzhen and the strengthening of the construction team will provide further back up for the Group s rapid business development on the mainland.
The Group has built up a substantial investment property portfolio.
Rising rental income from this portfolio together with increasing contributions from the Group s listed associates have time and again provided a stable income base for the Group. In addition, investment in mainland China, which has increased rapidly in the past two years, will become another important profi t driver. With the strategy adopted to develop the Group s business in Hong Kong and mainland China concurrently, the market horizon for the Group has broadened. This has resulted in further diversifi cation in the stable and growing income source of the Group, positioning the Group to face the future with confi dence. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the Group will achieve satisfactory results in the coming fi nancial year.

The Hon. Lo Tak Shing, GBM, JP, vice chairman and non-executive director of the Company, passed away during the year.
Mr. Lo was appointed to the Board in 1981 and had given invaluable contributions to the Company. The Board deeply regrets his departure.
Accordingly, Mr. Vincent Liang ceased to be the alternate director to Mr. Lo. The Board would like to express its gratitude to Mr. Liang for his contributions to the Company.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel and support, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work in the past year.
I know I can continue to count on them in our quest to deliver value to our shareholders.
Lee Shau Kee 
