TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, Subsequent to the unprecedented capital accumulation and technological advancement in major economies around the world resulting from the Industrial Revolution, many traditional enterprises found their further development stumbled by difficulties involved in sustainably developing, soundly organising, effectively controlling and managing such rich resources. Under the epochal theory of scientific management proposed in the nineteenth century by Frederick Taylor, an American scholar in classical management, a scientific and standardised management system may be applied to review the existing workflows of an enterprise, identify the rules for operations and actions, formulate scientific manufacturing processes, and use standardisation as a way to streamline procedures and systems. Additionally, employees are trained so that they grow in their respective areas to enhance the production efficiency of the enterprise as a whole. This will in turn form the basis on which employers and employees build up their wealth together, and the organisation will become highly united, thereby achieving its goals and targets.
Such notions proposed by Frederick Taylor contributed significantly to the key stage of transition of enterprise management from small-scale and hereditary to largescale 
For many successful enterprises in a traditional Chinese or oriental society, exceptional visions and personal talents may make an outstanding leader the core cohesive force driving the whole organisation to move forward.
However, a model of management dominated by personal success as such may give rise to the key concerns of perpetual development and sustainability of efficiency of an enterprise. Any leader of any great vigor must face the passage of time and change of era. This is the universal truth and necessarily challenges the development of such 
6 New World Development Company Limited Chairman s Statement An incompetent leader makes the best out of his own ability; a fair leader makes the best out of others efforts; a brilliant leader makes the best out of others wisdoms , said Han Feizi, an ancient Chinese philosopher. In other words, a good leader shall be good at pooling together wisdoms in addition to efforts, to drive motivation for the sound management of a country with collective mental competence. The western style of management of modern enterprises in a scientific approach further enlightens the traditional Chinese wisdoms on management.
Based upon statutory powers, a modern enterprise establishes its internal management system with clearlydefined functions. Workflows are handled in a standardised and scientific way, to stress accuracy, perpetuity, disciplines, sternness and reliability within an organisational structure using the golden rules of division of labour and hiring of the best talents. As such, each and every segment of an enterprise is led to the same direction, and employees are therefore steered to the same clear goals and values, delivering the best performance under the spirit of unity, and sharing the fruits of accomplishments of the enterprise. This lays a solid foundation for the longterm development of an enterprise, to support its ongoing 
Since its establishment in 1970, New World Group has accumulated extensive experience and established a strong base in different areas of property development.
In recent years, the Group has been keen on making changes, seeking to proactively conduct thorough review and fine tuning of strategies regarding management team, management structure, workflows as well as project portfolios, product quality and service delivery, under a modern and scientific management model and adhering to the spirit of ekTMR " One Step Forward of New World Group. It is through such deeds that we will be able to observe and analyse things from a novel perspective, identify pros and cons at the very basic and essential structure, and respond to the specific issues with boldness and creativity in a step-by-step and systematic approach, to enhance the efficiency of teamwork and operational effectiveness of the production chain, thereby boosting the overall competitiveness of the core business of property development. Meanwhile, we have also taken the initiative by studying extensively the needs of the general public and the feedback from the consumers. We look for inspirations and room for improvement from the consumers, seeking to enhance the quality of both our products and services, and thereby creating brand-new experience of life and living for the general public which is uniquely available under the New World brand.
Looking back at FY2013, New World Group achieved satisfactory results in property sales, land acquisitions and project management. The Signature at Tai Hang and The Riverpark at Sha Tin recorded satisfactory sales, with product quality widely recognised by the market. Winning the tender of Sai Yee Street project in Mong Kok and West Rail Tsuen Wan West Station TW6 project has secured stable resources for our development cycle. The continual enhancement in the quality of assets in our portfolio of investment properties has secured better return to assets for the Group. All these accomplishments are attributable to our highly loyal, reliable and experienced management and staff members. These represent precious and fruitful results of their seamless cooperation, and are important milestones for New World Group in its pursuit for changes 
In the future, the market will be posed with challenges amidst the external economic conditions. Under the spirit of ekTMR " One Step Forward , with modest and pragmatic attitude, and with boldness and creativity, New World Group is ready to make ongoing efforts in excelling in its property development business and continue to pursue opportunities for development and room for improvement, so as to deliver excellent products to the general public, explore new living experience for residents, and maximise the interests of our stakeholders.
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry 
