Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, GBM Chairman and Managing Director 
Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2010.

Including the fair value change (net of non- controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties, the Group profi t attributable to equity Shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 was HK$15,820 million. Compared with the Group profi t attributable to equity Shareholders of HK$15,465 million (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009, this represented an increase of HK$355 million or 2%.
Earnings per share were HK$7.32 (HK$7.20 (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009).
Hong Kong property business During the year, the Group made signifi cant headway in the expansion of its land bank in Hong Kong. Going forward, the Group intends to intensify its efforts not only in expanding its land bank but also in expediting its programme of salespre- sales, as summarized below: Note 1: In 2011, the Group plans to embark on the sales launch of a number of residential developments including The Gloucester in Wanchai, 58-66 Boundary Street in Mongkok and La Verte in Fanling. Together with the completed stocks and other projects pending sales, a total of over 1.69 million square feet in attributable residential gross area will be available for sale.
Note 2: 23 urban redevelopment projects, including 6 projects with entire ownership and 17 projects with ownership of over 80%, have been successfully acquired with 80% or up to entire ownership. The total acquisition costs for these 23 projects are estimated at about HK$7,000 million, or an average land cost of approximately HK$3,900 per square foot of GFA based on the expected total attributable gross fl oor area (GFA) of 1.78 million square feet in future redevelopment upon completion of acquisition, whilst building plans for some of these projects have been approved. In addition, completion of a redevelopment is expected to occur, on average, in the second year after the year in which the redevelopment is to be launched for pre-sale.
Note 3: The Group has a total of 9 existing projects under redevelopment or conversion into other purposes, such as the site at 14-30 King Wah Road, North Point, and the large-scale residential joint-venture project at Yau Tong Bay, Kowloon which would provide about 1.84 million square feet in attributable gross fl oor area for commercial and residential use in the urban areas.
Note 4: 1.67 million square feet in attributable GFA of development land from conversion of Sha Tin Town Lot 502, Wu Kai Sha (with total land cost of HK$3,509 per square foot of GFA) is being developed with its fi rst phase of development of approximately 0.44 million square feet in attributable GFA, which is due for completion in the fourth quarter of 2012, expected to be launched for pre-sales in 2012. The remaining 1.23 million square feet in attributable GFA from its subsequent phases of development would be available for pre-sales from 2013 onwards.
Note 5: 930,000 square feet in attributable GFA of development land from conversion of Lot 5369, DD116 at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long (with total land cost of HK$2,291 per square foot of GFA) is being developed. The whole project, with the total attributable GFA enlarged to 1.02 million square feet upon successful land-use conversion of its adjacent land-lot, would be available for pre-sale in 2012 with the scheduled completion by the end of 2012.
Note 6: Terms (except the land premium) for the land-use conversion of the wetland restoration and residential project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long with attributable GFA of 895,000 square feet have been agreed.

In addition to the above projects, the acquisition of another 45 urban redevelopment projects of old buildings, as well as building plan applications for most of them, are in progress and are expected to provide total attributable GFA of approximately 5.5 million square feet upon completion of their acquisition. Together with the 23 urban redevelopment projects of old buildings as mentioned in the above Note 2, a total attributable GFA of about 7.3 million square feet will be added to the Group s development land bank upon successful completion of the acquisition of all the 68 projects.
The Group s agricultural land reserve increased to 40.6 million square feet in site area at 31 December 2010. Included in such agricultural land reserve are sites situated in Wu Nga Lok Yeung, Ping Che and Kwu Tung North of the North East New Territories New Development Areas , as well as Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area with preliminary estimated attributable GFA totaling 17 million square feet against a total land area of 9.1 million square feet.
Mainland property business In addition to having an enlarged completed investment property portfolio of 6.5 million square feet, the Group also held a land bank with enormous development potential, with the total attributable gross fl oor area increased to 150.4 million square feet at 31 December 2010, spread across the prime cities and the second tier cities in 
The austerity policies for the mainland property market will remain intact in 2011.
The measures unveiled at the beginning of this year reaffi rmed that credit tightening, particularly on purchases for investment and speculation, would persist, whilst greater fl exibility would be applied in different cities in the execution of housing and credit policies with due regard to actual situations. The consecutive increases in reserve requirement ratio by the People s Bank of China, as well as interest rate hike, clearly demonstrated a strong determination to curb infl ation. The gradual introduction of these policy initiatives is expected to cause some intermittent and short-term impact to the property market but in the long run, they are conducive to stabilizing the economy and development of the 
The Group s residential developments are concentrated in the second and third-tier cities and their sales volume, despite the probable ripples as a result of mainland austerity policy shift, is backed by strong demand from local home-buyers who are eager to purchase their fi rst fl ats for own use. It is believed that such huge purchasing power that has accumulated would be released to the market once fl exibility is allowed in the execution of the policies.
The second and third-tier cities are still on the track of rapid development and the extensive development of inter-city high- speed rails and intra-city railway networks would sustain stronger economic growth for the surrounding regions, in particular second and third-tier cities. On the back of their unique environment, those cities can focus on the development of certain priority industries and create a wide variety of employment opportunities. The increasing urbanization, as a result, will also bring about an uplift to the growth potential of their property markets.
On the property investment front in mainland China, the scheduled completion of the project at Lot 147, Tianmu Road West in Shanghai by the end of 2011 will expand the Group s mainland rental portfolio by 410,000 square feet to 6.9 million square feet in gross fl oor area.
Together with the increasing contributions from the newly-completed properties such as World Financial Centre in Beijing, as well as the Centro and Henderson Metropolitan in Shanghai, rental income in mainland China will increase substantially.
Following the expansion of our headquarters in Shenzhen, the Group will push ahead in earnest with the localization policy, the cross-fertilization of ideas between Hong Kong and mainland China, and the strengthening of inter-departmental communications. This will ensure the Group s products can keep abreast of the requirements of local home-buyers and are well received in the market. After the successful launch of the fi rst phase of a development, the construction of its subsequent phases can be expedited as a result of standardization in design layout, whilst economies of scale and product quality can also be signifi cantly improved.
With the standardization of material sourcing and landscape design, construction progress and cost can be better controlled, raising the Group s competitiveness even 
Environmental protection and energy effi ciency The Group maintained its commitment to social responsibility by building environmentally-friendly properties for our community. As a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index and the Hang Seng (Mainland and Hong Kong) Corporate Sustainability Index, the Group s emphasis on quality and sustainable development has continued to be recognized. From the Group s Two ifc which was completed in 2003 with the Excellent rating (being the highest) in the Hong Kong Building Environmental Assessment Method (HK-BEAM), many of the Group s residential buildings, for example, Grand Promenade and 39 Conduit Road, and commercial complexes in town, for example, One ifc have obtained top honours in the assessments under HK-BEAM. Building on such remarkable success in promoting sustainable development in Hong Kong, the Group again led its peers with the World Financial Centre, an international Grade-A offi ce complex, receiving the Certifi cate of Merit at the Quality Building Award 2010 and becoming the fi rst project in Beijing to achieve the highest possible rating of Platinum under the globally-recognized Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) of the United States.
Currently, World Financial Centre is the largest LEED certifi ed Platinum building in the world. In order to create these sustainable buildings, a wide array of eco- friendly measures have been adopted in each stage of development; these green efforts are elaborated in the respective sections of the Business Review below.
Being committed to investing in and building top quality property developments, the Group has accomplished numerous iconic commercial and residential projects in both Hong Kong and mainland China and established a sound reputation for its brand over the years. Honoured by a panel of leading media such as China Network Television and CCTV-2 (fi nancial channel) with the award of CCTV Annual Famous Brand in China 2010 , the Group will continue to strive for excellence and offer quality products by creating uniquely- designed buildings in line with the ever- changing market needs. The ideas of quality excellence, eco-friendliness and healthy living are embraced in the design of our residential projects, leading to the development of communities with advanced green features and healthy living condition and providing a harmonious balance between living space and natural 
Profi t and Net Assets 
The Group underlying profi t attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to HK$5,042 million, representing a decrease of HK$985 million or 16% from HK$6,027 million (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009. Based on the underlying profi t, the earnings per share were HK$2.33 (HK$2.81 (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009). Such decrease was mainly due to (i) an accounting period of 12 months currently being reported on when compared with an extended accounting period of the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009; and (ii) the Group s attributable share of loss on cancellation of property sales during the year in the amount of HK$864 million as detailed in the Financial 
Including the fair value change (net of non- controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties, the Group profi t attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 was HK$15,820 million. Compared with the Group profi t attributable to equity shareholders of HK$15,465 million (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009, this represented an increase of HK$355 million or 2%.
Earnings per share were HK$7.32 (HK$7.20 (as restated) for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009). Such increase in profi t attributable to equity shareholders was mainly due to the increase in the Group s attributable share of fair value change of the investment properties held by the Group s subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities in the amount of HK$1,340 million for the year ended 31 December 2010 when compared with the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009.
For the reason that the last fi nancial period of the Group being reported on relates to an accounting period of 18 months ended 31 December 2009, it would be meaningful to evaluate the Group s fi nancial performance for the year ended 31 December 2010 against that for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009.
Where relevant and appropriate, such evaluation is referred to in the following paragraphs. It should be noted that the fi gures for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009 referred to in the following paragraphs have not been audited or previously published.
The Group underlying profi t attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the year ended 31 December 2010 of HK$5,042 million represented an increase of HK$417 million, or 9%, over and above HK$4,625 million for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009. Based on the underlying profi t, the Group earnings per share of HK$2.33 for the year ended 31 December 2010 represented an increase of HK$0.18, or 8%, over and above HK$2.15 for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009. Such increase was mainly due to a net gain of HK$1,007 million during the year arising from the Group s disposal of the entire issued share capital of Sin Cheng Holdings Pte Ltd, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary which owns 50% equity interest in Beijing Youyi Shopping City Co., Ltd. Beijing Lufthansa Centre (details of which are referred to in the paragraph headed Hotel and Retailing Operations below); and the gain on disposal of HK$275 million arising from the Group s disposal of self-use properties, which were partially offset by the increase in the Group s share of loss on cancelled property sales attributable to equity shareholders of HK$759 million during the year.
The fair value change (net of non- controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to HK$10,778 million, which represented an increase of HK$1,124 million, or 12%, when compared with the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties of HK$9,654 million for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009. Including the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties, the Group profi t attributable to equity shareholders of HK$15,820 million for the year ended 31 December 2010 represented an increase of HK$1,541 million, or 11%, over and above HK$14,279 million for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009. On such basis, the Group earnings per share of HK$7.32 for the year ended 31 December 2010 represented an increase of HK$0.67, or 10%, over and above HK$6.65 for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009.
At 31 December 2010, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$159,038 million (or HK$73.09 per share), 12% higher than the amount of HK$142,228 million (or HK$66.24 per share) (as restated) at 31 December 2009. Net debt (which includes the amount of HK$12,976 million due to a wholly owned subsidiary of Henderson Development Limited which is controlled by the private family trusts of Dr Lee Shau Kee) amounted to HK$44,818 million (2009: HK$27,710 million (as restated)) with the gearing ratio at 28.2% (2009: 19.5% (as restated)).

Your Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of HK$0.70 per share to Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Friday, 29 April 2011, and such fi nal dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.30 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2010 will amount to HK$1.00 per share (18-month period ended 31 December 2009: HK$1.30 per share).
The proposed fi nal dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed fi nal dividend, but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form will be sent to Shareholders.
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of fi nal dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
Final dividend will be distributed, and the share certifi cates issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to Shareholders on Friday, 10 June 2011.

Driven by ample global liquidity as a result of the second round of quantitative easing by the United States, as well as relaxed monetary policies adopted by a number of European countries, the year under review began with the local property market continuing to ride on the cyclical upturn, whilst the positive land auction results repeatedly achieved during the year had further fuelled market sentiments. In order to curb excessive property speculation and enhance risk management of mortgage lending by local banks, the Hong Kong SAR Government announced a series of cooling measures such as lowering the mortgage loan-to-value ratio and increasing stamp duty, as well as nine rules and twelve regulations which governed the transparency and fairness in pre-sales and show fl ats. New measures further introduced in mid-November 2010, including the levy of Special Stamp Duty of up to 15% on residential properties resold within two years from purchase and the temporary suspension of real estate from the permissible investment asset classes under the Capital Investment Entrant Scheme, were effective in combating short-term speculation.
However, with strong fundamentals such as the prevailing low mortgage interest rates and the tight near-term housing supply outlook, the confi dence of both end-users and investors is still intact with the transaction volume having picked up gradually. Property prices, as a result, have 
The reported transacted prices of some of the other developers luxury apartments and houses, as recently achieved in the primary or secondary market amid the heated market sentiment, are listed below: Some other cities in the Asia Pacifi c region, such as Singapore and Macau, have similarly experienced an infl ux of foreign capital and keen buying response from local buyers and they have separately rolled out cooling measures during the year so as to rein in the soaring property prices.
The Group was active during the year in promoting the sale of a number of residential developments including the project at Headland Road in Island South, Lgende Royale - The Beverly Hills (Phase 3) in Tai Po, Hill Paramount in Shatin, Green Lodge in Yuen Long and Jade Suites in Jordan with satisfactory response from buyers. Some popular residential projects such as 39 Conduit Road, The Beverly Hills (Phase 1), 8 Royal Green, The Sparkle, Cit 33, Grand Waterfront and Grand Promenade were also re-launched for sale. Altogether, a total of 572,507 square feet in attributable gross fl oor area of residential properties were sold. Together with the disposal of approximately 96,410 square feet of industrialoffi ce space, the Group sold an attributable HK$5,423 million worth of properties in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2010 (before taking into account the effect of cancelled sales, including those of the 20 units at 39 Conduit Road, as referred to below).
For the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009, the turnover and profi t after taxation in respect of the sale of 25 units at 39 Conduit Road, a luxury property development in which the Group has a 60% interest, were recognized in accordance with accounting policies of the Group consistently applied and which are in line with accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong. Among these units, completion of the sale and purchase of four units took place in mid-June 2010 and the Group received in full the amounts of purchase price receivable, together with about HK$11 million as interest for delayed completion. There was no reduction in purchase price, nor the provision of finance for those four units. Written requests were received from the respective purchasers for the cancellation of the sale and purchase agreements for the other 20 units. In accordance with the terms of the standard form of sale and purchase agreement under the Consent Scheme administered by the Government relating to pre-sale of residential units in uncompleted developments, the Group agreed to cancel the sale and purchase in respect of these 20 units and forfeited the deposit of 5% of the purchase price with the rest of the payments refunded to the purchasers. A loss of approximately HK$734 million attributable to the Group was recorded as a result of the cancellation of the sale of these 20 units.
The Group agreed to cancel the sale and purchase of these units so as to avoid protracted and costly legal proceedings to claim against the original purchasers and enable the Group to offer them for sale again immediately if it so wished.
It has to be pointed out that property prices depend mainly on the supply and demand at a particular point in time, in much the same way as the price for a commodity is fi xed. In the case of properties, additional considerations, such as the location of the property, the quality of the design, material and fi nish, and the facilities provided, would have a great impact on their pricing.
Other factors that have a bearing are the low interest rate environment and infl ation expectations which would prompt investors to acquire properties for investment or as a hedge against infl ation.
The sale of the 24 units in 39 Conduit Road was normal bona fi de transactions legally conducted with unrelated parties at arm s length. It is regrettable, however, that such sale became the subject of unjustifi ed and incorrect criticisms which could have been prompted by high property prices.
As evidence of the quality of 39 Conduit Road, a semi-duplex apartment (unit B on Level 61) was sold during the year at the price of HK$60,000 per square foot, a record price for luxury apartments. Further evidence of the quality of the Group s developments can be found at 11 and 12A Headland Road, where two houses with gross fl oor area of 13,033 square feet and 10,093 square feet respectively were sold during the year at a price of HK$50,641 and HK$47,360 respectively per square foot. As mentioned above, high prices were also repeatedly achieved by other luxury 
At 31 December 2010, the Group had a land bank in Hong Kong with a total attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 21.3 million square feet, made up as follows: In addition, the Group held rentable car parking spaces with a total area of around 2.8 million square feet.
The Group remains optimistic about the prospects for the Hong Kong property market and has therefore continued to engage in the acquisition of old buildings in the urban areas for redevelopment in tandem with the Government s policy initiative on promoting urban renewal. At the same time, the Group s agricultural land reserve includes signifi cant holdings in the new development areas as designated by the Government. Both of these sources are expected to bring about a signifi cant increase in the Group s development land bank in future years. Since the acquisition cost of old buildings and the premium payable for agricultural land-use conversion compare favourably with the transacted prices of land sites offered at public auctions, such approach to land banking has the advantage of low cost and therefore a higher contribution to earnings.
(I) Redevelopment of old buildings in the urban areas A. Newly-acquired projects As mentioned above, the Group believes that the redevelopment of old buildings in the urban areas will provide a source of land supply which requires lower cost and hence yields higher margin. Since 2009, a number of old building projects have been acquired and efforts are continuing to source additional old properties for redevelopment. A summary of the projects which have been acquired is as follows: The total costs of acquisition for the above 23 urban projects are estimated at about HK$7,000 million, translating into an average land cost of approximately HK$3,900 per square foot of gross fl oor area.
Further acquisitions, involving another 45 projects which are located in various highly accessible urban districts as noted below, are in progress and they are expected to provide an additional total attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 5.5 million square feet upon successful completion of their acquisition and redevelopment: Together with the above-mentioned 23 projects in which majority ownership is already held, the successful acquisition of these additional 45 projects will add to the Group a total of 68 urban redevelopment projects, with an estimated total attributable gross fl oor area of about 7.3 million square feet.
B. Existing projects In addition to the above newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects, the Group had a total of 9 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or conversion into other purposes which would provide about 1.84 million square feet in attributable gross fl oor area for commercial and residential use in the urban areas. With approval having been obtained from the Town Planning Board for the residential development at the site at 14-30 King Wah Road, North Point, the Group has applied to the Government for its land-use conversion. The site is expected to be developed into twin harbourfront towers comprising approximately 224,000 square feet in total residential gross fl oor area. For the large-scale residential joint-venture development project at Yau Tong Bay, Kowloon, a master layout plan has been submitted to the Town Planning Board for review. It is expected that the project will provide a total developable gross fl oor area of approximately 4.4 million square feet, of which about 810,000 square feet is attributable to the Group as shown in the 
(II) Agricultural land With agricultural land reserve of 40.6 million square feet in land area at the year end, the Group continued to have the largest holding of such land among all 
In parallel with the expansion of agricultural land reserve, the Group has taken active steps to apply for the land-use conversion of a number of sites, with signifi cant progress made over the recent years.
Further to the fi nalization of the land-use conversion for the site at Sha Tin Town Lot 502, Wu Kai Sha (with the total land cost of HK$3,509 per square foot, including land premium of HK$3,253 per square foot, of gross fl oor area based on its total developable gross fl oor area of approximately 2.95 million square feet, of which 56.75% or about 1.67 million square feet is attributable to the Group) in the preceding year, the land premium for the residential site at Lot 5369, DD 116 at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long, was also fi nalized with the total sum of HK$2,334.8 million fully settled during the year. Based on the expected total gross fl oor area of approximately 1.175 million square feet in development (of which 79.03% or approximately 930,000 square feet is attributable to the Group), the land premium per square foot of gross fl oor area was approximately HK$1,987 with the total land cost per square foot of gross fl oor area amounted to approximately HK$2,291.
Meanwhile, an adjacent land lot was also in the fi nal stage of land-use conversion and upon fi nalization of the land premium, it will be merged with the above development at Tai Tong Road, improving the scalability and expanding the total gross fl oor area of this residential project to approximately 1.3 million square feet, of which 79.03% or approximately 1.02 million square feet is attributable to the Group.
Construction is underway for both sites at Wu Kai Sha, Ma On Shan and Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long and the Group will expedite their developments, as well as their salespre-sales programs. The project of Wu Kai Sha, Ma On Shan will be completed in phases and its fi rst phase of development of approximately 0.44 million square feet in attributable GFA, which is due for completion in the fourth quarter of 2012, is expected to be launched for pre- sales in 2012. The remaining 1.23 million square feet in attributable GFA from its subsequent phases of development would be available for pre-sales from 2013 onwards. Meanwhile, the whole project of Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long, with the total attributable GFA of approximately 1.02 million square feet upon successful land- use conversion of the above-mentioned adjacent land-lot, would be available for pre-sales in 2012 with scheduled completion by the end of 2012.
For the wetland restoration and residential project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long, which is planned to be developed into a low-density luxury residential development with a total gross fl oor area of approximately 895,000 square feet against a total land area of about 2.3 million square feet, the terms for the land-use conversion have been agreed while the premium offer is the subject of an appeal to the Government.
Meanwhile, the Group will actively work in tandem with the Government s development plans and once they are fi nalized, the Group will pursue land-use conversion of sites situated in the North East New Territories New Development Areas and Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area , with a view to broadening the source of development land: For the Group s 50%-owned residential development at Nam Sang Wai with an approved total gross fl oor area of approximately 3.3 million square feet, the Group will appeal against the recent judgment from the Town Planning Board based on the previous approved development scheme. At the same time, the Group will maintain a close dialogue with the general public, the Government, and environmental groups with a view to achieving an outcome acceptable to all 
(III) Property sales programme In 2011, the Group plans to embark on the sales launch of a number of residential developments including The Gloucester in Wanchai, 58-66 Boundary Street in Mongkok and La Verte in Fanling. Together with the completed stocks and other projects pending sales, a total of over 1.69 million square feet in attributable residential gross area will be available for sale. Meanwhile, signifi cant portions of the attributable GFA of 1.78 million square feet from the above 23 urban redevelopment projects of old buildings in which entire or majority ownership is already held, and of the total attributable GFA of 2.69 million square feet from the projects at Wu Kai Sha, Ma On Shan and Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long, are expected to be ready for pre-sale at the earliest in 2012 and 2013. In addition to the above newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects of old buildings, the Group had a total of 9 existing projects under redevelopment or conversion into other purposes which would provide about 1.84 million square feet in attributable gross fl oor area for commercial and residential use in the urban areas as noted 
At 31 December 2010, the Group held a total attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 9.4 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong, comprising 4.5 million square feet of commercial or retail space, 3.4 million square feet of offi ce space, 0.9 million square feet of industrialoffi ce space and 0.6 million square feet of residential and apartment space. This leasing portfolio is geographically diverse, with 25% in Hong Kong Island, 33% in Kowloon and the remaining 42% in the New Territories (with most of the latter being shopping 
Since the turn of the year, robust recovery has been seen across all property sectors in the leasing market and the Group s attributable gross rental income in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2010, including that derived from the investment properties owned by the Group s associates and jointly controlled entities, increased by 8% year-on-year to HK$4,398 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income was HK$3,147 million, representing a growth of 9% over that for the 12 months ended 31 December 2009.
At 31 December 2010, the leasing rate for the Group s core rental properties (including the portfolio of premium offi ce and industrial premises in Kowloon East) stayed high at 94.5%.
Helped by a robust growth in mainland tourist spending and a revival in local consumption with the improved job market, Hong Kong s retail market staged a strong rebound in 2010 with double digit growth in local retail sales throughout the year. The ifc mall at Central was virtually fully let with a signifi cant increase in rental income. The Group s other large-scale shopping malls in the new towns, including Metro City Phase III in Tseung Kwan O and City Landmark II in Tsuen Wan, were fully let, while Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan, Citimall in Yuen Long, Metro City Phase II in Tseung Kwan O, Fanling Centre in Fanling and Shatin Plaza in Shatin also recorded nearly full occupancy by the end of the fi nancial year.
Against a backdrop of upbeat business outlook, the expansion of existing businesses and new corporate set-ups, as well as buoyant hiring activities lent strong support to offi ce demand in Hong Kong. The Group s quality offi ce developments in the core areas, such as the ifc in Central, AIA Tower in North Point as well as ING Tower and Golden Centre in Sheung Wan, have all performed well with increased rents for both renewals and new lettings in most of the cases during the second half of 2010. The limited offi ce space available for leasing in the central business district prompted some tenants to relocate to fringe areas and the Group s approximately 2,000,000-square-foot portfolio of newly- built premium offi ce and industrial premises in Kowloon East benefi ted from this trend of offi ce decentralization with the overall leasing rate surged from 60% at 31 December 2009 to 87% at 31 December 2010. AIA Financial Centre (formerly known as International Trade Centre) in San Po Kong, was 94% let at 31 December 2010 compared to 74% at 31 December 2009, while the leasing rate of Manulife Financial Centre in Kwun Tong increased from 66% at 31 December 2009 to 87% at 31 December 2010 and to 94% at 1 March 2011.
The sustained infl ux of overseas companies, as well as their expatriate staff, was also a key driver of leasing demand for luxury residences. With such resilient residential demand, coupled with limited availability of quality stock, the Group s serviced apartments and luxury residences have both performed well. The serviced suite hotel at Four Seasons Place, being the preferred choice for newly-arrived expatriate executives from the legal, banking and fi nancial sectors, continued to achieve high occupancy and increased rents, whilst Eva Court at Mid-Levels also recorded satisfactory occupancy with higher rent for both renewals and new lettings. During the year, rental units in 39 Conduit Road, the Group s premier development in Mid-Levels, were launched for lease with very encouraging response.
The Group regularly upgrades its investment properties so as to stay ahead of the market and enhance their rental values.
During the year, the facelift to Kowloon Building on Nathan Road as well as the facility upgrade for Golden Centre in Sheung Wan were completed. In order to further appeal to discerning offi ce tenants with an eye on sustainability, a number of quality buildings such as Manulife Financial Centre are in the process of applying for certifi cations under the globally recognized HK-BEAM. Meanwhile, for the retail portfolio, the Group continued to stage innovative marketing activities and undertake renovation initiatives so as to attract more shoppers. Rentals for Trend Plaza in Tuen Mun, for instance, were bid up considerably following the completion of a major revamp at its South Wing, whilst renovation to the external wall of its North Wing is scheduled to kick off shortly.
Refurbishment of Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan has just commenced, whilst the planning of renovation works for Citimall in Yuen Long and City Landmark I in Tsuen Wan is currently in the pipeline.
Hotel and Retailing Operations The recovering global economy, appreciation of most currencies against the Hong Kong dollar, as well as the further expansion of the scope of the Individual Visit Scheme by the Central Government, have all contributed to the record-breaking visitor arrivals to Hong Kong in 2010 - a signifi cant improvement as compared with the preceding accounting period, when tourism was severely hit by the global fi nancial crisis and H1N1 pandemic.
During the year, The Four Seasons Hotel continued to build its international reputation and win numerous prestigious accolades including Forbes fi ve-star award for hotel and being named one of the top four hotels in the world by Institutional Investor magazine. Its signature Lung King Heen and Caprice restaurants also took two spots out of three restaurants in Hong Kong to have been awarded Three Michelin Stars in the latest Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2011.
With such premier services in an unmatched location at the Central waterfront, The Four Seasons Hotel recorded signifi cant business growth along with the market recovery.
Newton Hotel Kowloon ceased its operation in June 2010 to make way for redevelopment into a residential property, whilst the remaining three Newton hotels owned by the Group, namely, the 362-room Newton Hotel Hong Kong, the 317-room Newton Inn North Point and the 598-room Newton Place Hotel, have all performed well with satisfactory improvement in both average room rates and occupancy. In order to capture the growing business opportunities from the niche market, a boutique hotel, with 92 suites and rooms covering a gross fl oor area of over 66,000 square feet, at 388 Jaffe Road, Wanchai, is scheduled for opening in the third quarter of 2012 and it will be operated by The Mira Hong Kong, a leading hip hotel in Hong Kong. By integrating state-of-the- art facilities and eco-friendly features into its design, this hotel is targeted at discerning travellers seeking individuality, style and 
Established in 1989 as a complementary business to the Group s shopping facilities, Citistore s retailing operation has developed into a network of fi ve department store outlets and two id:c specialty stores in Hong Kong. On the back of positive consumption sentiment, Citistore recorded a satisfactory growth of 29% year-on-year to a total of HK$54 million in profi t contribution during the year. In mainland China, the Group held, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Sin Cheng Holdings Pte Ltd ( Sin Cheng ), interests in the jointly controlled entity, Beijing Youyi Shopping City Co., Ltd.
Beijing Lufthansa Centre which operates and manages department stores. In October 2010, the Group entered into an agreement with Intime Department Store (Group) Company Limited ( Intime , stock code: 1833) in relation to the sale of the Group s entire equity interest in Sin Cheng for a consideration of HK$1,612.5 million (subject to adjustment), which was satisfi ed by the issuance to the Group of 147,664,835 new Intime shares upon completion. The transaction was completed on 22 December 2010, resulting in a net gain on disposal to the Company of approximately HK$1,007 million, with an approximately 7.73% equity interest of Intime held by the Group.
Intime is developing as a renowned department store chain with investment in around 22 department stores and shopping centres across major cities in mainland China including Beijing, Wuhan, Xian, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Wenzhou and Jinhua.
Construction and Property 
The Group aims to develop the fi nest properties, offering unparalleled quality and comfort to the users and their neighbourhoods. As part of this quality pledge, inter-departmental communication and stakeholder engagement are always encouraged so as to ensure that a quality and eco-conscious approach is adopted throughout all phases of a development 
For a development project in the suburban area, the Group during the year worked with the Government, environmental groups and local villagers to conserve the ecology of the neighbouring 4.74 hectares of wetland, which was considered as a promising area for the protected habitats.
Meanwhile, energy-effi cient and sustainable features recommended by the LEED and BEAM Plus have been persistently integrated into the design of the Group s new developments, whilst waste and noise controlling measures have also been adopted during demolition and construction so as to minimize disruption to the surrounding communities. With such a committed approach to environmental protection and stringent monitoring of the whole construction process, the Group received numerous accolades including Considerate Contractors Site Award from the Development Bureau of the Hong Kong SAR Government.
Apart from sustainability, the Group also places great importance on the cost- effectiveness in the procurement of building materials: supplies for most of the projects under development have been largely secured, enabling the Group to contain cost in the prevailing infl ationary 
For the Group s talented workforce, their safety on site and professional development top the Group s priority. During the year, the Group won Proactive Safety Contractor Award from The Hong Kong Construction Association as the accident rate for the Group s construction activities was well below the industry average.
Meanwhile, the Group supported a wide array of construction-related seminars and exhibitions organized by professional bodies such as The University of Hong Kong and The Construction Industry Council Training Academy, nurturing a learning culture to stay current with new 
The Group s professional expertise and quality management have also been extended to its developments in mainland China. In addition to its tight grip over all key aspects of development such as contractor selection and material sourcing, the Construction Department has also maintained an ongoing dialogue with contractors and on-site inspection so as to ensure that all the mainland projects are completed on time, within budget and in line with the Group s stringent quality 
The Group s member property management companies, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited ( Hang Yick ) and Well Born Real Estate Management Limited ( Well Born ), collectively manage over 75,500 apartments and industrialcommercial units and 18,000 car parking units in Hong Kong. Their professional accreditations such as ISO 9001 Quality Management System Certifi cation, ISO 10002 Complaint Management System Certifi cation, ISO 14001 Environmental Management System Certifi cation, OHSAS 18001 Occupational Health & Safety Management Certifi cation and Q-Mark Service Scheme Certifi cation all refl ect their commitment to service excellence and customer satisfaction.
During the year, they received over 600 performance-related accolades including Excellence in Facility Management Award by Hong Kong Institute of Facility Management, Corporate Environmental & Social Leadership of the Year and Customer Service Center of the Year in Asia Pacifi c Customer Relationship Excellence Awards, as well as the Gold Award in the Best Landscape Award for Private Property Development by the Leisure and Cultural Services Department. Meanwhile, their unfl agging efforts in promoting sustainability have paid off with many properties under their management being praised for their excellence in waste separation and indoor air quality. Being named as Caring Company for consecutive years, they were also given the designation of Manpower Developer 1st by the Employees Retraining Board ( ERB ) for its devotion to staff training, in addition to the honours of ERB Excellence Award 
Hang Yick and Well Born also provided their quality property handover and management services to the Group s property developments in mainland China.
Serving a total of more than 5,000 mainland apartments, they have gained growing recognition for their excellent services and Hengli Wanpan Huayuan was recently accredited as a Community Showcase in Guangdong Province , in addition to the honours of Excellent Property Management Community Showcase in Guangdong Province awarded to Hengbao 
Austerity policies advocated by the Central Government during the year of 2010, as anticipated, steered the course of the mainland property market. The build-up in infl ationary pressure within the country resulting from changes in the external economic and political environment, and a prolonged period of negative interest rate have fuelled strong support for housing demand for wealth preservation. In order to avert the risk of an asset bubble forming, and to prevent systemic risk to the banking and fi nancial system caused by such asset bubble, the Central Government has launched a series of suitable policy initiatives to rein in excessive appreciation in housing price. Such policy efforts were intensifi ed throughout the year, with economic and administrative measures, ranging from suppression of investment and speculative demand, increase in supply, to enhancement of supervision and so on, having been undertaken so as to ensure complete control over the mainland property market. As a result, the property market in mainland China showed notable volatility in 2010.
Soon after the introduction of National Eleven Measures in January 2010, and the subsequent National Ten Measures in April, decline in transaction volume was seen across all property sectors. In September, the property market recovered notably with some of the property projects commanding prices comparable to the level prior to the imposition of stringent controls in April. To rein in further upsurge in housing prices which would render tightening measures futile, home purchase and mortgage restrictions were launched on 29 September, in time to cool the country s property market before the National Day Golden Week holiday .
Since November, on the back of genuine demand from end-users and investment needs for wealth preservation, housing prices throughout the country resumed its uptrend, whilst land auctions also became increasingly competitive. In view of such upward momentum regained by the property market, more stringent National Eight Measures , which comprised a wider range of home purchase restrictions and tightened credit on property business, were imposed in early 2011. Although the policy efforts have been intensifi ed, the measures that have been launched are conducive to stabilizing the country s economy and promoting the healthy development of the property sector. The Group is in the mainland for the long haul and is fully confi dent of the vast potential offered by the mainland property market.
Less directly hit by the austerity policies were the second and third-tier cities. In fact, for those second and third-tier cities in which the Group has property development projects, rapid developments were commonly seen in recent years with many large-scale infrastructure facilities currently under planning or construction. The network of express railways, light rails and city ring expressways, in particular, would have profound improvement for industrial developments and job creation in the peripheral areas, leading to further increase in housing demand in the second and third-tier cities. Benefi ting from the Government s heavy investment in infrastructural developments, the Group s property development projects are set to enjoy better transportation convenience and more comprehensive facilities, in addition to the scenic landscaping made possible by large-scale greenery projects.
With careful planning in line with the city s overall development, as well as superb quality and ingenious design by internationally-renowned consultants, the Group s projects refl ect our unremitting pursuit of excellence, which is our competitive edge in the market.
Many of the Group s projects in the second and third-tier cities have completed their innovative design plans, with the construction progress stepped up as well.
For the Arch of Triumph in Changsha, La Botanica and Palatial Crest in Xian and Villa Green in Chongqing, which were all launched during the year, as well as Riverside Park in Suzhou which was launched in early 2011, enthusiastic buying response and enviable market acclaim were drawn. Higher prices were repeatedly achieved when additional units were released to the market. As these residential communities offered value-for-money quality, they were highly sought after by buyers even though the asking price for each project was a new record in the immediate neighborhood. According to feedback collected in the course of offering after-sale service, most of the buyers were local residents purchasing their fi rst fl ats for own use and given their genuine accommodation demand, their primary focus was on the design layout and building quality. With wide support and trust from the buyers, sale performance has been encouraging and the Group will step up its marketing efforts and expedite the 
Turning to commercial projects, following the accomplishment of World Financial Centre in Beijing, the Group during the year completed Henderson Metropolitan, a landmark at the pedestrian avenue of Nanjing Road East in close proximity to the Bund, Shanghai, whilst the Centro in Zhabei District, Shanghai was also completed. Following the success of World Financial Centre in Beijing which received numerous awards, Henderson Metropolitan is also expected to win wide acclaim and 
In order to replenish the land bank, the Group s 90.5%-owned project company acquired two pieces of land in the Gaoling area of the Kaifu District, Changsha, for an aggregate consideration of about RMB130 million during the year. With a total site area of about 1,100,000 square feet, these two parcels of land will be jointly developed with the adjacent land lots, which were acquired previously with a total site area of approximately 4,500,000 square feet, into a large-scale residential community with a total gross fl oor area of about 8,900,000 square feet, of which approximately 8,100,000 square feet is attributable to the Group. Meanwhile, following a previous successful bid for a residential site at Jin Shi Tan, the Group in August 2010 acquired the second piece of land in Dalian at a consideration of RMB1,590 million.
Located at Wolong Bay International Business District at this port city of Liaoning Province, the land parcel boasts a site area of approximately 4,200,000 square feet. Upon completion, this composite development will comprise an offi ce building, a shopping centre, serviced apartments and residential towers, providing a total gross fl oor area of over 8,700,000 
As a result of the above land acquisitions, the Group s land bank in mainland China increased to approximately 150.4 million square feet in attributable developable gross fl oor area by the end of December 2010, of which around 83% would be high-end residences for sale: The fi rst phase of the Arch of Triumph project, which was completed in June 2010, was highly sought after by home- buyers in Changsha due to its outstanding building quality and comprehensive facilities. 684 residential units were released in batches to the market since its launch in October 2009 and over 96% were sold at 31 December 2010.
Meanwhile, market responses for the pre- sale of La Botanica and Palatial Crest in Xian, as well as Villa Green in Chongqing, were equally overwhelming.
La Botanica , which is a 5050 joint venture between the Group and Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited of Singapore, has been immensely popular since it went to market in November 2008 and its Phase 1A of 981 units was fully sold out. Its Phase 1B (South) and Phase 2A, which were both launched for pre-sale in the fourth quarter of 2010, also met with satisfactory response with 652 units and 82 units snapped up respectively by the end of December 2010.
Palatial Crest and Villa Green , which have been a market focus since their launches in the fourth quarter of 2010, were highly sought after by home-buyers with 358 units and 83 units successfully pre-sold at 31 December 2010 respectively. As a result, the Group s attributable property sales in mainland China for the year under review amounted to HK$303 million. In addition, the amount of mainland properties pre-sold attributable to the Group totalled HK$994 million for the year ended 31 
Leasing performance for the Group s mainland completed investment property portfolio was satisfactory. Following the recent completion of the Centro and Henderson Metropolitan in Shanghai, this portfolio comprised a total attributable gross fl oor area of 6.5 million square feet with its major projects increased to a total of seven. During the year under review, the Group s attributable gross rental income and net rental income amounted to HK$477 million and HK$235 million, respectively.
In Beijing, World Financial Centre is the only property in that capital city to have achieved the highest possible Platinum rating from both the United States Green Building Council s LEED and HK-BEAM.
Designed by the world-famous architect Cesar Pelli as twin crystal jewel boxes incorporating special effect faade lighting on the exterior, these two 22-storey, 2.1 million-square-foot International Grade-A offi ce buildings were recently honoured by the nine professional building institutions of Hong Kong with the Quality Building Award 2010 Merit Award for a Project outside Hong Kong, in addition to the Intelligent Building of the Year award in 2009 by the Asian Institute of Intelligent Buildings. Many discerning fi nancial institutions and multinational corporations such as Standard Chartered Bank, Mizuho Corporate Bank, Huaxia Bank, International Air Transport Association, FAW Toyota and Novo Nordisk were therefore drawn to become its tenants since its completion in early 2009, with the leasing rate at 78%. To celebrate its grand opening in June 2010, the Sculpture in Movement from the Louvre Museum, Paris was launched. It was the fi rst time for such exhibition to be staged in a commercial venue, refl ecting World Financial Centre s initiative to bring world-class art and cultural events to the people of Beijing.
Meanwhile, the Group s shopping mall at Beijing Henderson Centre was over 80% let by 31 December 2010. With more food and beverage outlets, as well as forthcoming opening of a large-scale superstore in its basement fl oors, the mix of tenants will be changed remarkably to enhance the attraction of the mall to shoppers.
In Shanghai, Grand Gateway Offi ce Tower II, the home to a good number of multinational corporations such as Microsoft, Adidas, Tesco and Yum! Brands Inc., was over 97% leased by the end of December 2010. The shopping arcade at the Skycity was over 96% let, whilst leasing response to its neighbouring Centro, a Grade-A offi ce building newly completed in January 2010, was also satisfactory as the energy-effi cient features of this 430,000-square-foot development have been highly sought after by cost- conscious tenants. Designed by world renowned Tange Associates and built to the highest construction and environmental standards under LEED and HK-BEAM, Henderson Metropolitan has attracted equally strong leasing interest since its completion in September 2010. Superbly located at the start of the Nanjing Road East pedestrian avenue with direct access to Metro Lines 2 and 10 from the building basement, its 420,000-square-foot Grade-A offi ce space has been largely taken up by multinational corporations such as Oracle Corporation, Mitsubishi Air-conditioning, Deutsche Lufthansa AG and UniTrust Finance & Leasing Corporation, whilst a world-class electronics product fl agship store, as well as the fi nest selection of retailer outlets and gourmet restaurants, will soon open for business in the fi rst half of 2011, making its 410,000-square-foot shopping mall the shopping Mecca in town. In Guangzhou, Hengbao Plaza recorded a 20% year-on-year growth in rental income with over 90% leasing rate by the end of 2010.
Joint-Venture Development in 
In April 2005, the Group entered into an agreement to jointly develop a large-scale waterfront development with a site area of approximately 1.45 million square feet in Taipa, Macau. The project is subject to application for land-use conversion with the total gross fl oor area to be fi nalized.
Henderson Investment Limited 
For the year ended 31 December 2010 this group s profi t attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$163 million compared to HK$156 million for the 18-month period ended 31 December 2009, an increase of HK$7 million or 5%. Nevertheless, for a comparison of this group s profi t attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 with that for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009 which therefore excludes this group s reported profi t attributable to equity shareholders of HK$61 million for the six months ended 31 December 2008, this group s profi t attributable to equity shareholders for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009 was HK$95 million.
On this basis, this group s profi t attributable to equity shareholders of HK$163 million for the year ended 31 December 2010 represented an increase of HK$68 million, or 72%, over and above such profi t attributable to equity shareholders of HK$95 million for the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009. Such increase was mainly attributable to (i) the increased profi t contribution from this group s operating right of a toll bridge in Hangzhou during the year ended 31 December 2010 of HK$29 million compared with the corresponding period of 12 months ended 31 December 2009; (ii) the net gain on the disposal of HIL s entire interest in Maanshan Huan Tong Highway Development Limited ( Maanshan Highway JV ) attributable to equity shareholders of HIL of HK$26 million; and (iii) a dividend income received during the year of HK$11 million in relation to a project which was completed in 2004 and in which HIL had an 8% interest.
After divesting its entire interest in Maanshan Highway JV, this group s core asset is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. During the year, Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge reported a steady year-on-year growth of 17% in toll revenue to HK$317 million, mainly driven by the increase in traffi c volume given its prime location in Hangzhou.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and 
Profi t after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the year amounted to HK$5,584.8 million, an increase of HK$309.7 million compared to the restated profi t of 2009.
Earnings per share for the year amounted to HK 77.8 cents, an increase of 6.6% over 2009. Profi t growth in 2010 was mainly due to growth in profi t of mainland businesses. During the year under review, Hong Kong and China Gas invested HK$4,277.5 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fi xed assets for the sustainable development of its various businesses in Hong Kong and 
Gas Business in Hong Kong The total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong in year 2010 rose by 1.1% compared to 2009, whilst the total number of appliances sold in 2010 was 233,313 units, an increase of 6.1% over 2009. As at the end of 2010, the number of customers was 1,724,316, an increase of 25,593 compared 
Laying of a 15 km pipeline to bring natural gas from Tai Po to Ma Tau Kok gas production plant, to partially replace naphtha as feedstock for the production of town gas, is progressing well. Construction of a 9 km pipeline in the western New Territories is also in progress. In tandem with the government s development of West Kowloon, South East Kowloon and a cruise terminal, network planning, design and construction in these regions are underway. Route planning for a new submarine pipeline from Ma Tau Kok to North Point is progressing well. Meanwhile, construction of the gas supply trunk mains to Ocean Park Hong Kong to support new attractions, facilities and future extensions has been completed.
Mainland Utility Business In mid-July 2010, Hong Kong and China Gas completed the injection of its entire equity interests in six piped city-gas project companies in Liaoning and Zhejiang provinces into its subsidiary, Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083) in exchange for the allotment and issue of 485 million new shares by Towngas China. The transaction raised Hong Kong and China Gas s shareholding in Towngas China from approximately 45.5% to approximately 56.3%. As such, Towngas China has become a majority-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong and China Gas and Standard & Poor s Ratings Services, an international rating agency, has raised its long-term corporate credit rating on Towngas China to BBB with a stable rating outlook.
In mid-November 2010, Hong Kong and China Gas took 250 million Towngas China shares placed by a subsidiary of Enerchina Holdings Limited (stock code: 622), the second largest shareholder of Towngas China, for an aggregate consideration of HK$907.5 million. As a result, Hong Kong and China Gas s interests in Towngas China were further increased to approximately 66.5%.
In 2010, Towngas China acquired eight new projects located in the New Industrial District of Anshan, Dalian Lvshun Economic Development Zone, Kazuo county of Chaoyang in Liaoning province; in the Lingui New District of Guilin in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; in the Nanhai New District of Laiyang and Linqu county of Weifang in Shandong province; and in the Chengdong Harbour District of Jiujiang and the Fubei Industrial Park of Fuzhou in Jiangxi province. In 2010, Towngas China s profi t after taxation attributable to its shareholders amounted to HK$436 million, an increase of approximately 64.4% over 2009.
Hong Kong and China Gas s city-gas businesses progressed well in 2010, with a further new project successfully established in Yonganzhou Industrial Park, Taizhou, Jiangsu province. Inclusive of eight new projects established by Towngas China in 2010, Hong Kong and China Gas had 93 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 17 provincesautonomous regions municipalities as at the end of 2010. During the year under review, the number of gas customers in the mainland reached 11.88 million and total volume of gas sales was 8,540 million cubic metres. Hong Kong and China Gas has now become the largest city-gas enterprise on the mainland.
Hong Kong and China Gas s midstream natural gas projects include high-pressure natural gas pipeline joint ventures in Anhui province, Hebei province and Hangzhou, Zhejiang province; a joint venture that invests in the construction of natural gas pipelines and the exploitation of gas fi elds in Jilin province; the Guangdong Liquefi ed Natural Gas Receiving Terminal project; and a natural gas valve station project in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu province. Hong Kong and China Gas also operates water supply projects in Wujiang, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu, Anhui province, and manages an integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu province. These projects are progressing 
Overall, as at the end of 2010, inclusive of projects of Towngas China, Hong Kong and China Gas had 120 projects spread across 20 provincesautonomous regions municipalities, encompassing upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, the water supply and wastewater treatment sectors, natural gas fi lling stations and emerging environmentally-friendly energy and energy resources projects.

Hong Kong and China Gas s development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (together known as ECO ), is also progressing well. At the end of 2009, ECO established a Chinese holding company in Erdos, Inner Mongolia to increase management effectiveness and fi nancing 
ECO s coalbed methane and non- conventional methane utilisation businesses have been developed based on the technology and operational experience gained from its landfi ll gas utilisation project which has been successfully operating in Hong Kong for several years.
Since 2008, ECO has been developing similar projects on the mainland with an extended scope of application, the fi rst being a phase-one coalbed methane liquefaction facility located in Jincheng, Shanxi province which was commissioned in late 2008. Construction of the phase-two facility was successfully completed during the year under review, and is expected to be commissioned in the fi rst quarter of 2011.
Annual production capacity of the whole facility, the largest liquefaction and utilisation project of its kind on the mainland, will then increase to approximately 250 million standard cubic metres of liquefi ed coalbed methane.
Construction of ECO s coal-mine methane liquefaction project in Chongqing is progressing well; commissioning is expected in the fi rst quarter of 2012. Coal- mine gas, which typically contains about 40% of methane, will be used to produce liquefi ed methane deploying coal-mine gas deoxidization and coalbed methane cryogenic liquefaction technologies. Other than in-situ power generation plants, this project, with an estimated annual production capacity of 91 million standard cubic metres, is slated to become the world s fi rst large-scale coal-mine gas utilisation facility. ECO has also confi rmed its investment in a second coal-mine methane deoxidization and liquefaction project located in Yangquan, Shanxi 
ECO started to develop coal resources and coal chemical processing businesses in 2009 and its construction of a methanol production plant and development of a coal mine in Junger, Erdos, Inner Mongolia are progressing well; both are expected to be commissioned in 2011. With an annual production capacity of 200,000 tonnes, the methanol production plant has already entered the commissioning stage. ECO s coking coal mining and plant project in Fengcheng, Jiangxi province, is also on schedule; commissioning is expected in 2012. This project will provide an additional gas source for Hong Kong and China Gas s Fengcheng city-gas project.
ECO s energy-related logistics and facilities businesses originated from its fi ve dedicated Liquefi ed Petroleum Gas ( LPG ) fi lling stations in Hong Kong which have been operating steadily for several years servicing taxis and minibuses. ECO started to develop its gas fi lling station business on the mainland in 2008. Since then, ECO has been gradually establishing a network of compressed and liquefi ed natural gas fi lling stations used by heavy-duty trucks in Shaanxi, Shandong, Liaoning, Henan and 
ECO s aviation fuel facility in Area 38, Tuen Mun, to service Hong Kong International Airport, was completed and commissioned in November 2010. Jetties and facilities are available for berthing tankers of 80,000 tonnes and 50,000 tonnes and unloading their aviation fuel into eight large tanks with a total capacity of 264,000 cubic metres. After re-certifi cation, the fuel is then transported to the airport via submarine pipelines. The facility has now become a major logistics base for supply of aviation fuel in Hong Kong.

By the end of December 2010, over 99% of the total residential fl oor area of the Grand Promenade had been sold, whilst Grand Waterfront was sold out. In addition to the commercial area of Grand Waterfront, this group also has an approximately 15.8% interest in the International Finance Centre ( ifc ) complex and both of them leased 
HKCG (Finance) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of this group, successfully issued and sold US$1 billion of notes guaranteed by Hong Kong and China Gas (stock code: 4303) in August 2008 and further established a US$1 billion medium term note programme (the MTN Programme ) in May 2009. Since the establishment of the MTN Programme, this group has issued medium term notes with, up to now, an aggregate amount of HK$3,010 million at nominal interest rates ranging from 3.90% to 5.00% per annum and with a maturity of 10 to 40 years. These term notes have included the fi rst ever issue of 30-year and 40-year notes, the longest term corporate papers ever issued, in the Hong Kong dollar bond market. In February 2011, this group concluded a HK$3.8 billion 5-year syndicated term loan and revolving credit facility, the fi rst syndicated fi nancing transaction for this group since 2006.
Hong Kong and China Gas predicts steady growth and an increase of about 25,000 new customers in Hong Kong for 2011, whilst the combined results of its emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and mainland utility businesses will reach the same level as that of its Hong Kong gas business in 2012.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong 
The consolidated profi t after taxation of Hong Kong Ferry for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to approximately HK$483 million, a drop of 56% as compared with the profi t after taxation of HK$1,095 million in 2009 due to the fact that less development properties were sold 
For the year under review, Hong Kong Ferry sold 30 units in Shining Heights and 72 units in The Spectacle with a total profi t of approximately HK$228 million. A profi t of HK$36 million was also realized from the sales proceeds of approximately HK$70 million upon the disposal of MetroRegalia shops. Rental and other income from its commercial arcades amounted to approximately HK$44 million. The occupancy rates of the commercial arcades of Metro Harbour View and Shining Heights were 97% and 82% respectively whereas the commercial arcade of MetroRegalia was fully let for the year with a rental income of approximately 
As regards property development, Hong Kong Ferry acquired at a public land auction in May 2010, Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 177 located at the junction of Ma Sik Road and Sha Tau Kok Road (Lung Yeuk Tau Section) Area 19, Fanling, New Territories with a site area of approximately 95,800 square feet designated for residential cum-commercial use. The development comprises 3 residential towers built on a 2- storey commercial podium with a total gross fl oor area of approximately 540,000 sq. ft. The foundation works of the property has commenced and it is expected to be fi nished by phases before 2014. Also, it has already acquired the entire ownership of the property at 204-214 Tung Chau Street, Shum Shui Po, Kowloon. The property will be re-developed into a commercial residential building with a gross fl oor area of approximately 54,000 square feet. It is expected that the property will be demolished and construction works will commence in the later part of this year.
Hong Kong Ferry realized a profi t of HK$42 million in securities investment and recorded a marked-to-market profi t of approximately HK$4.7 million in equity- 
The ferry, shipyard and related operations recorded a profi t of approximately HK$9.9 million in total, an increase of 230% as compared with last year. The harbour cruise operation achieved an increase of approximately 100% in operating profi t, whilst the defi cit of the shipyard was reduced by 27%.
The travel and hotel operation recorded a profi t of HK$2.4 million with a turnaround result registered by The Silvermine Beach 
The sales proceeds from the remaining 25 units of Shining Heights and 34 units of The Spectacle will remain the main source of income of Hong Kong Ferry in 2011.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited ( Miramar ) For the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2010 (the Reporting Year ), Miramar s turnover amounted to approximately HK$2,112 million compared with HK$1,303 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2009 (referred to as the 2009 Reporting Period ) due to a change of the fi nancial year end date. Profi t attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately HK$784 million (2009 Reporting Period (restated): HK$260 million). Excluding the net increase in the fair value of investment properties, underlying profi t attributable to shareholders for the Reporting Year was approximately HK$378 million (2009 Reporting Period (restated): HK$152 million).
In September 2010, Miramar disposed of the 25% equity interest in a hotel in Shekou.
Miramar currently owns andor provides management services for six hotels and serviced apartments in Hong Kong and mainland China. Miramar is the sole owner of The Mira, and Miramar Apartments in Shanghai, a block of serviced apartments.
In addition, it provides management services for two hotels in Shekou, a serviced apartment complex and a hotel in Hong Kong. Miramar is working on a hotel management project for a 32-storey boutique hotel in Wan Chai, which is currently under construction and expected to commence trial operation in 2013 under the brand name of The Mira .
The Mira achieved a turnaround during the Reporting Year. EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation) reached approximately HK$120 million, compared with a loss of HK$12 million recorded in 2009 Reporting Period. During the Reporting Year, the occupancy rate of The Mira grew from 58% in 2009 Reporting Period to 80%, whilst the average room rate was up 26%.
It also achieved remarkable success in terms of its food and beverage operations with a host of accolades received by its restaurants. Cuisine Cuisine at The Mira has been awarded two Michelin stars in Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2011, whilst Whisk has won the coveted title as a Newly Selected Restaurant.
Miramar s property rental business grew steadily during the Reporting Year, registering a turnover of approximately HK$480 million and rental income derived from Miramar Shopping Centre and Miramar Tower remained as the major income contributor. The average occupancy rate of Miramar Shopping Centre for the Reporting Year was in line with that of the 2009 Reporting Period, and the average unit rate decreased slightly by 2%. The refurbishment work in Basement one was completed on schedule in the second quarter of 2010. As at the end of 2010, occupancy rate of Miramar Shopping Centre exceeded 95%. As at the end of 2010, occupancy rate at Miramar Tower was nearly 100% and the average unit rate dropped by about 5%. Miramar has undertaken refurbishment work in the public areas of Miramar Tower since May 2010 and the work is expected to be completed in early 2011. Basement one to the second fl oor of the shopping centre at The Mira underwent a refurbishment and the work is expected to be completed in mid-2011. Miramar optimised property portfolio and acquired an investment property located at Stanley Main Street at a consideration of approximately HK$64 
Miramar operates three Tsui Hang Village restaurants (one located in the Miramar Shopping Centre, Tsim Sha Tsui; one in the New World Tower, Central; and one situated in Club Marina Cove, Sai Kung), a Sichuan restaurant named Yunyan Szechuan Restaurant at Miramar Shopping Centre, two outlets at the IFC, namely Cuisine Cuisine and The French Window, and a canteen and Green Caf at the Union Hospital. During the Reporting Year, Miramar completed the two-month renovation work at Yunyan Szechaun Restaurant and brought its successful brand Cuisine Cuisine to the mainland China market. The fi rst Cuisine Cuisine restaurant will set foot in Beijing and the restaurant will open in the third quarter of 2011.
Another Cuisine Cuisine restaurant in Wuhan will also open in 2011. In September 2010, Miramar joined hands with Green House Food Co. Ltd. to expand the business network of Saboten Tonkatsu, a chain restaurant specialising in traditional deep- fried breaded pork cutlet, to reach Hong Kong and the fi rst outlet in Hong Kong will open in Causeway Bay in the second quarter of 2011. During the Reporting Year, Miramar also entered into a franchise agreement with Hide-Chan Ramen and the fi rst franchise store is opened in March 2011 near Lan Kwai Fong, Central. In the second quarter of 2011, Miramar will open Assaggio Trattoria Italiana, its fi rst Italian restaurant, located at the Hong Kong Art Centre in Wan Chai.
Turnover of the travel business segment showed double-digit growth, reaching approximately HK$980 million. Double- digit year-on-year growth in operating net profi t was also logged. The number of Japan tours surged, resulting in over 20% increase in revenue.
Miramar commenced apparel retail business at the end of 2010 and has become a distributor of DKNY Jeans in the mainland China. Looking forward to 2011, Miramar will foster collaboration with international fashion brands and set up its own retail network by opening exclusive stores in the mainland China.

In order to provide additional funding resources to the Group to cater for its general funding and working capital requirements, the Group concluded a HK$13,250 million fi ve-year syndicated term loanrevolving credit facility on 28 June 2010 with a consortium of 18 leading international banks and local fi nancial institutions. Riding on the Group s solid credit quality and sound fi nancial position, the facility received an overwhelming response from the banking community.
From an initially planned facility amount of HK$8,000 million, the facility was increased to the fi nal amount of HK$13,250 million indicating the strong confi dence and continuing support of international as well as local banks for the Group.
In addition, the Group also signed up a HK$10,000 million three-year syndicated term loanrevolving credit facility on 10 January 2011 with a consortium of 13 leading international banks and local fi nancial institutions. Again, the facility received an overwhelming response from the banking community, with its size increased from an initially planned facility amount of HK$5,000 million to the fi nal amount of HK$10,000 million.
Further, in light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past year, the Group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms of ten years and fi fteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from fl oating interest rates into fi xed interest rates at levels which are well below the average for the past few years. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefi t to the Group in the long run.

Despite changes in the external economic and political environment, the current low interest rate and infl ationary environment in Hong Kong, rising household income amid an improving job market, should lend support to the local residential property market. Attracted by the positive outlook in the region as mainland China is still expected to experience steady and fast economic development, an increasing number of mainland and international fi nancial institutions have established a presence in Hong Kong, while the prominent growth of offshore Renminbi business and the continued proliferation of the Renminbi fi nancial products have also reinforced Hong Kong s status as an international fi nancial centre.
Turning to mainland China, with the mainland economy continuing to prosper, household income is set to increase in line with the booming economy. As infl ation expectation and negative interest rate linger on, and given the limited availability of investment vehicles, home purchase is regarded as the preferred investment choice. Fuelled by such robust demand, home prices are expected to remain stable in the mainland second and third-tier cities.
For the current year, the Group plans to launch a total of more than 10 projects for sale in the second and third-tier cities and the total sales amount is expected to grow 
The Group has a sizeable asset portfolio.
The Company s stake in Hong Kong and China Gas singly accounted for approximately 45% of the Company s market capitalization on 31 December 2010 based on closing share prices on that date. The other assets also serve as a solid base for the delivery of strong earnings growth in the years to come and include: (i) Continued expansion of the Group s rental portfolio in both Hong Kong and mainland China with an improved property mix: The Group held a total attributable gross fl oor area (GFA) of approximately 9.4 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong with most of them being quality offi ces and large-scale shopping malls in the busiest areas, plus approximately 6.5 million square feet of completed investment properties in mainland China. The recurrent rental income is set to grow 
(ii) Urban redevelopment projects of old buildings and other projects under development: The 23 urban redevelopment projects which have been successfully acquired with ownership of between 80%-100%, together with the further acquisition, currently in progress, of 45 projects, will add a total attributable GFA of about 7.3 million square feet to the Group s land bank upon successful completion of the acquisition of all the 68 urban redevelopment projects of old buildings. In addition, the Group has a total of 9 existing projects under redevelopment or conversion into other purposes, which would provide about 1.84 million square feet in attributable GFA for commercial and residential use in the urban areas.
(iii) Agricultural land reserve: The Group s agricultural land reserve increased to 40.6 million square feet in site area, the largest among all property developers in Hong Kong. In addition to an aggregate attributable GFA of about 2.7 million square feet from the sites at Wu Kai Sha and Tai Tong Road, which are now under construction, the terms (except the land premium) for the land-use conversion of the wetland restoration and residential project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long with attributable GFA of 895,000 square feet have also been agreed with the government.
Meanwhile, the sites situated in the satellite towns of Wu Nga Lok Yeung, Ping Che, Kwu Tung North and Hung Shui Kiu are expected to provide, based on a preliminary estimate, an attributable GFA totalling 17 million 
(iv) The large development land bank in mainland China: Most of the development projects were acquired in previous years at relatively low cost. As the development of a number of projects has gained pace with an increasing amount of residences scheduled for salespre-sales in coming years, the Group s efforts in mainland China will soon bear fruit.
(v) Low cost approach to land banking: As the acquisition cost of old buildings and the premium payable for agricultural land-use conversion compare favourably with the transacted prices of land sites offered at public auctions, it would benefi t the future contribution to the Group s 
(vi) Contribution from the listed associates: The three listed associates (namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, Hong Kong Ferry and Miramar) provide steady income stream to the Group.
Given the above valuable assets with immense potential and the signifi cant contributions they are expected to generate going forward, the Group is confi dent of the creation of abundant value for 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their support and wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and 
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2011 
