TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, Quoting from Chapter 2 of the Sayings of Confucius, At 30, I stood firm; at 40, I had no more doubts. Time has its role to play in one s behaviour and how one conducts himself in society. With the passage of time, we master our lives better and become more refined and polished, step by step. At the age of 30, one can overcome difficulties and stand up amidst adversities. By the age of 40, one has thorough appreciation of and insights into the world and becomes firmly self-assured without being carried away by all those irregularities in life.
Time flies and it is already the 40th anniversary of the Group since its foundation in 1970 when the Hong Kong economy was about to take off and flourish. The past decades have witnessed all those ups and downs in the course of growth of Mainland China and Hong Kong, which surmounted fierce challenges at different points of time, stood firm and forged ahead further.
The Group is now at its no-more-doubts years of age, as if a man in his apex of power. Four decades of growth and evolution have enriched its experience, nurtured the sophistication and maturity of seeing and treating the world and given it peace and composure. Into the future, the Group has a clear vision and looks forward to forging ahead with its continuation of growth, as if bearing fruits following 
Since its establishment, New World Group has been determined to contribute to the economic development of China and has actively grasped the opportunity presented by the reform of Mainland China in the past 30 years before leaping forward into this new era of development hand-in-hand with our motherland. In recent years, being an important player in the international arena of politics and economic performance and the organizer of the global events of Beijing Olympics and Shanghai World Expo, China has made glorious achievements of which we are highly proud. In future, the Group will carry on with its focus of development in Mainland China and continue to maintain its wide spectrum of investments with the view to benefiting the nation and the well-being of its people.
The sovereignty of Hong Kong has been reverted for 13 years. It is our pleasure that One-Country-Two-Systems regime has been put to successful implementation and Hong Kong people are having an increasing positive recognition of their motherland as China becomes stronger and more prosperous than ever. Firmly rooted in Hong Kong and having close emotional connection with China, New World Group advocates viewing and understanding our nation from a wider perspective and will go through the nation s growth and development together with Hong Kong 
Under the new economic landscape featuring globalization and the rapid development of China, New World Group believes that the desire to change and surmount the status quo will be the key to advancement and progression.
Building upon 40 years of solid foundation, it will be of paramount importance for New World Group to maintain a pragmatic approach, keep up with the multitude of trials and strive to remain its level of attainment in order for achieving sound performance and scaling new heights.
It takes a decade to grow trees but a century to nurture human beings . New World Group has gone through 40 years of development in tandem with the growth of the nation as well as its people. We firmly believe that the growth of an enterprise is no different from the selfimprovement of human beings. It is a step-by-step procedure and an ever-lasting course of improvement, which requires staying in line with the era and taking up social responsibility. Not until then can a business considered truly successful and be ready for more decades of glorious continuation.
Dr Cheng Yu-Tung 
Hong Kong, 6 October 2010 
Managing Director s Report On the whole, the Group will keep monitoring the risks affecting our operations and adjust our plans and executions for the best interests of the Group s 
New World Development Company Limited - Annual Report 2010 13 Managing Director s Report TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, In FY2010, NWD recorded a consolidated turnover of HK$30,218.6 million and profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to HK$11,612.6 million. If stripping out the net other gains and changes in fair value of investment properties, the Group s profits amounted to HK$6,081.7 million, an increase of 72.4% compared to the 
The economic rebound, low interest rate, high liquidity and tight supply have led to a robust growth in residential property transaction volume and price. For the year under review, the contribution from property development segment amounted to HK$4,837.1 million. Overall property sales performance in Mainland China was driven by the better market sentiment, with over 120.1% increase in sales volume to a total GFA of 1,039,224 sq m with gross sales proceeds of over RMB7,978.0 million.
In Hong Kong, leasing activities of Grade A office have picked up and limited supply in the prime location has stabilized the rental rates and triggered the improvement in the second quarter of 2010. Retail market in Hong Kong had also been back on track. Strong retail performance has stimulated the leasing demand for retail premises. The Group s gross rental income in Hong Kong amounted to HK$1,197.6 million. All the major projects in the Group s investment portfolio attained satisfactory occupancy.
The performance of the road business was weakened as a result of the disposal of Wuhan Airport Expressway in FY2009 and the closure of a roadway for maintenance during the year. Service segment achieved a substantial increase in revenue contribution, mainly attributable to an encouraging performance from our duty free operation and 
In FY2010, NWDS recorded a total revenue of HK$1,872.9 million, an increase of 8.8% compared with the prior year.
Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$577.6 million, representing an increase of 5.5% compared with the prior 
As at 30 June 2010, the Group s cash and bank balances stood at HK$23,608.7 million and the consolidated net debt amounted to HK$27,113.5 million. The net debt to equity ratio was 24.3%, a decrease of 10.8% as compared 
