Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2014.
Profit and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the year ended 31 December 2014 amounted to HK$9,292 million, representing an increase of HK$354 million or 4% over HK$8,938 million for the previous year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$3.11 (2013: HK$3.04 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2014).
Including the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and deferred tax) of investment properties, the Group s reported profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2014 was HK$16,752 million, representing an increase of HK$804 million or 5% over HK$15,948 million for the previous year. Reported earnings per share were HK$5.62 (2013: HK$5.43 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2014).
At the year end, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$238,150 million, 7% higher than the amount of HK$223,402 million at the end of the previous year. Net debt (including the shareholder loans totalling HK$5,021 million (2013: HK$5,474 million)) amounted to HK$37,420 million (2013: HK$38,344 million) giving rise to a financial gearing ratio of 15.7% (2013: 17.2%).

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.76 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Wednesday, 10 June 2015, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.34 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014 will amount to HK$1.10 per share (2013: HK$1.06 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash, with an option granted to shareholders to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed final dividend, but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form will be sent to shareholders.
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of final dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
Final dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme is expected to be sent to shareholders on Thursday, 9 July 2015.
Issue of Bonus Shares The Board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share for every ten shares held (2013: one bonus share for every ten shares held) to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members on Wednesday, 10 June 2015. The relevant resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be posted on Thursday, 9 July 2015.

The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2014 was up by 4% to HK$9,292 million. Pre-tax profit contribution from property sales (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) decreased by 14% to HK$3,376 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by 7% to HK$5,988 million. Besides, there was a total net gain of HK$662 million arising from the disposal of investment properties (including the shops and car parks at CentreStage ).
Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, GBM Chairman and Managing Director 
The cooling measures imposed by the Government, as well as growing concerns over the tapering of the quantitative easing monetary policies in the United States, led to a stagnant property market in Hong Kong in the first quarter of 2014. However, the Government revised the terms of Double Stamp Duty in May 2014, allowing more time for second-home buyers to sell their original properties. External economic conditions also stabilised and the property market became active. In response to the improving market sentiment, the Group launched new projects almost every month in the second half of the year.
Development projects which were launched during the year to a positive response included Double Cove Starview and Double Cove Starview Prime in Ma On Shan (Phases 2 and 3 of Double Cove ), METRO6 in Hung Hom, H" Bonaire in Ap Lei Chau, as well as High One Grand and High One in Cheung Sha Wan.
Meanwhile, Double Cove Phase 1, 39 Conduit Road at Mid-Levels, The Reach in Yuen Long, Green Code in Fanling, as well as an array of urban redevelopment boutique residences under The H Collection , were also re-launched for sale. Over 93% and 54% of the respective units at Double Cove Starview and Double Cove Starview Prime had been snapped up at the end of 2014. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group sold an attributable total amount of HK$11,692 million of Hong 
Office and industrial developments, including E-Trade Plaza in Chai Wan, Global Trade Square in Wong Chuk Hang and Global Gateway Tower in Cheung Sha Wan, were also put up for sale, whilst the shops at CentreStage and Plover Cove Garden were disposed of during the year. Attributable proceeds arising from the disposals of these industrialcommercial developments and shops totalled HK$2,234 million. Including the aforesaid residential sales revenue, the Group sold HK$13,926 million worth of Hong Kong properties in attributable terms during the year under review.

The Group has made use of multiple channels to replenish its development landbank in Hong Kong. Purely through redevelopment of old tenement buildings in urban areas (excluding conversion of New Territories land, as well as public auction and tender), abundant land resources have been available to the Group for property development. Together with the development projects which are sourced from land-use conversion of New Territories Land and public tenders (with the exception of a few projects earmarked for rental purposes), sizeable areas will be available to the Group for property sales in the coming years (with details shown as follows).
(Table 1) Unsold units from the major development projects offered for sale There are 20 development projects available for sale: (Table 2) Projects pending sale in 2015 In the absence of unforeseen delays, the following projects will be available for sale in 2015: (Table 3) Existing urban redevelopment projects The Group has a total of 5 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion and the dates of their sales launch are not yet fixed. As outlined below, they are expected to provide about 1.3 million square feet in attributable gross floor area in the urban areas based on the Government s latest city planning: (Table 4) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects Ownership Fully Consolidated There are 13 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of these projects are expected to be available for sale in 2016-2017. Their expected attributable gross floor areas, based on the Government s latest city planning, are as follows: (Table 5) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 80% ownership secured There are 27 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with over 80% ownership acquired and their ownership will be consolidated by proceeding to the court for compulsory sale under the Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance . In the event that no court order is granted, the Group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for development. If legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are expected to be available for sale in 2017-2019.
On the basis of the Government s latest city planning, the expected gross floor areas are shown as follows: (Table 6) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 20% but less than 80% ownership secured The Group has other acquisitions in progress, involving 40 projects located in prime urban areas in Hong Kong and Kowloon. Currently, ownership of each project ranging from between 20% and 80% has been achieved. The attributable land area of these projects totals about 300,000 square feet. If and when their ownerships are successfully consolidated, based on the Government s latest city planning, the total estimated attributable gross floor area would be about 2,740,000 square feet upon completion of redevelopment. Based on the respective ownership currently secured by the Group for each project, the total pro-rata attributable gross floor area is about 1,260,000 
Successful acquisitions of the above projects bear uncertainty. The Group may not be able to consolidate ownerships of all projects.
Redevelopments can only be implemented upon acquisition of the full ownership of the relevant projects.

In September 2014, the following commercial site in Tsim Sha Tsui shopping area with easy access to an MTR station and stunning views of Victoria Harbour was acquired through public tender at the consideration of HK$4,688 million. It is planned to be developed into a Ginza-style commercial project, giving an added boost to the Group s investment property portfolio: In respect of residential sites, the Group has chosen to replenish its land bank by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment and applying for land-use conversion for its portfolio of New Territories land, instead of bidding for land at high prices through public auctions or tenders. Although this method of land banking may involve a relatively longer period of time to accomplish as compared to that of public tenders, it ensures a more reliable source of land supply with a lower acquisition cost, which is beneficial to the Group s development returns in the long term. To date, a total of 12 urban redevelopment residences had been put up for sales, providing 1,290 housing units with a total attributable gross floor area of 1.1 million square feet.
The urban redevelopment project of High One at Cheung Sha Wan, which was launched for sale recently, is a manifest example.
In terms of saleable area, the average selling price for the units sold for this project is about HK$17,000 per square foot, whereas the acquisition cost of the land site was about HK$4,400 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses). As for Double Cove Starview Prime (Double Cove Phase 3) at Ma On Shan, which was sourced from land-use conversion, the average selling price for the units sold stands at about HK$13,000 per square foot, whereas its acquisition cost (including the cost for acquisition of New Territories land and the land conversion premium) was merely HK$3,650 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses). Hence, it is evident that profit contributions from urban redevelopment projects as well as New Territories projects are 
The Group currently has a land bank in Hong Kong comprising a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 23.8 million square feet, made up as follows: Land in Urban Areas As aforesaid, there are currently 40 urban redevelopment projects of old tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership acquired, representing a total attributable gross floor area of about 3.4 million square feet, which should be ready for sale or leasing in 2016 or beyond. The total land cost of such projects is estimated to be about HK$21,500 million (inclusive of street shops and the project at the prestigious Seymour Road in Mid-Levels being both of relatively high value), translating into a land cost of approximately HK$6,300 per square foot of gross floor area.
During the year, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire interest in the Queen s Road West project in Western District, King s Road project in Quarry Bay, as well as Kok Cheung Street project and Ka Shin Street project in Tai Kok Tsui, providing a total commercial and residential gross floor area of about 830,000 
In addition to the acquisition of redevelopment projects, the Group regularly evaluates its own properties for conversion into other uses so as to meet the evolving market demand and ensure efficient use of land resources. During the year under review, three industrial buildings (namely, Well Tech Centre in San Po Kong, Dragon Centre in Cheung Sha Wan, Big Star Centre in Kowloon Bay) with a total gross floor area of about 510,000 square feet were approved by the Government to be reconfigured for office use, free of any land-use conversion premium under the revitalization policy. As for the industrial site at King Wah Road, North Point, it is planned to be redeveloped into an office building pending an appeal to the Government on the amount of assessed 
New Territories land At the end of December 2014, the Group held New Territories land reserves amounting to approximately 44.5 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong.
In July 2013, the Government announced the result of the North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , of which Kwu Tung North and Fanling North would be treated as the extension of FanlingSheung Shui New Town. The Government has also decided to adopt an enhanced Conventional New Town Approach and, subject to specified criteria, private land owners are allowed to apply for in-situ land exchange for private developments. Outline Zoning Plans for both Kwu Tung North and Fanling North were already published in the Gazette in December 2013. Of the Group s land holding of 2.8 million square feet in these areas, a total land area of roughly over 800,000 square feet is assessed to be eligible for in-situ land exchange and the Government may resume the other parts of its lands for public use through cash compensation. The Group has earlier applied for in-situ land exchange for two land lots in Fanling North and Kwu Tung. They are expected to provide total developable gross floor areas of approximately 3,730,000 square feet and 270,000 square feet respectively, against their respective site areas of 787,000 square feet and 45,000 square feet. Developable areas for both sites are subject to finalization of land premium.
According to the aforementioned North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , the region at Ping CheTa Kwu Ling will be re-planned, in response to the 2013 Policy Address which put forward an initiative to review the development potential of New Territories North, including new opportunities brought about by the new railway infrastructure. In January 2014, the Government commenced its Preliminary Feasibility Study on Developing the New Territories North on a study area of about 5,300 hectares. In order to increase the land supply for housing, during the period the Government formulated the Preliminary Outline Development Plan for Planning and Engineering Study for Housing Sites in Yuen Long South Investigation and launched its Stage 2 Community Engagement. It also released the Land Use Review for Kam Tin South and Pat Heung . The Group holds certain pieces of land in these Study Areas.
For Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area Planning and Engineering Study , Stage 3 Community Engagement was launched in the second half of 2014 so as to allow the public to discuss the Recommended Outline Development Plan. The Group holds a total site area of 5.5 million square feet in Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area, which covers an area of approximately 826 hectares. Under the Preliminary Outline Development Plan, it was proposed to accommodate a new town of a population comprising about 218,000 and about 60,000 additional flats, of which about 50% are private developments. The Government is now gauging the public s views and has expressed no view on the issues of land resumption or in-situ land exchange in that region. Impacts to the Group arising from these proposals are yet to be seen. The Group will continue to work in line with the Government s development policies and follow up closely on its 
During the year under review, the Group s attributable gross rental income in Hong Kong, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased by 7% to HK$6,424 million. The attributable pre-tax net rental income, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was HK$4,892 million, representing a growth of 8% over the previous year. Included therein is attributable gross rental income of HK$1,812 million (2013: HK$1,711 million) contributed from the Group s attributable interest of 40.76% in The International Finance Centre ( ifc ) project. At the end of December 2014, the leasing rate for the Group s core rental properties was 98%. Besides, the Group held more than 10,000 car parking bays, providing additional rental income.
At the year end, the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 8.9 million square feet of completed investment properties of excellent quality in Hong Kong: In 2014, the value of total retail sales in Hong Kong decreased by 0.2% due to slackening in visitor spending and the lacklustre local consumption. Despite these headwinds, all of the Group s major shopping malls, except those under renovation or re-alignment of tenant mix, recorded nearly full occupancy at the end of December 2014. This was mainly due to the Group s various efforts and initiatives to attract shoppers so as to boost tenants business. In order to maintain the Group s competitiveness, renovation work is now underway for certain regional shopping malls, namely, Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan, Metro City Plaza II in Tseung Kwan O, Citimall in Yuen Long and City Landmark I in Tsuen Wan.
In order to improve the rental values and appeal to discerning tenants, the Group regularly improves the quality of its office developments and enhances their green features. During the year under review, AIA Tower in North Point achieved the highest Platinum rating under the Hong Kong Building Environmental Assessment Method ( BEAM ) scheme. Together with ifc in Central, as well as Golden Centre (which were both earlier accredited with Platinum ratings) and FWD Financial Centre (whose facility upgrades are in progress) both in Sheung Wan, the Group s office developments in Hong Kong Island have all performed well. The Group s portfolio of office and industrialoffice premises in Kowloon East, including Manulife Financial Centre , AIA Financial Centre , 78 Hung To Road and Bamboos Centre , also recorded increased rents with 
The leasing performance of the Group s luxury residences, namely Eva Court and 39 Conduit Road , as well as the serviced suites at Four Seasons Place was satisfactory. Mira Moon , the 91-room designer lifestyle hotel operated by Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited since its opening in November 2013, also performed well during the year under review.
Hotel and Retailing Operations Overnight visitor arrivals to Hong Kong increased by 8.2% to 27.7 million in 2014. Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, which received a five-star designation from the Forbes Travel Guide 2014, further bolstered its leading position in the market with solid growth in both occupancy and average room rate during the year under review. Its Lung King Heen restaurant was again awarded a top three-star rating in the Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2014. The Group s three Newton brand hotels (including the 362-room Newton Hotel Hong Kong, the 317-room Newton Inn North Point and the 598-room Newton Place Hotel), all located in emerging new business districts, also performed well with higher occupancy rates. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group s pre-tax profit from hotel operations, including the attributable contribution from its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased by 9% to HK$326 million.
The disposal of the Company s retailing operation in Hong Kong (which covers six department stores under the name Citistore and a specialty store under the name id:c ) to Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL , a listed subsidiary of the Group) for a consideration of HK$934.5 million was completed on 1 December 2014. For the reason that HIL is also a subsidiary of the Group, the turnover contribution of the retailing operation in Hong Kong for the full year ended 31 December 2014 which amounted to HK$431 million was recognised by the Group (representing a year-on-year growth of 8% over HK$399 million in 2013). Meanwhile, its profit after tax and non-controlling interests of HIL amounted to HK$67 million (2013: profit after tax contribution to the Group of 
Construction and Property 
The Group has been active in acquiring old tenement buildings for urban redevelopment purposes. As a mark of the Group s commitment to urban revitalization and to satisfying the needs of residents and the community, the newly completed The Gloucester in Wanchai was named Merit Winner in the Hong Kong Residential (Single Building) Category of the prestigious Quality Building Award 2014.
Meticulous planning throughout the construction process is the key to the Group s success. Advanced features recommended by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) and BEAM Plus rating systems are adopted in the Group s projects. In addition to the use of self-developed pre-fabricated building components, the Group also contracted for the foundation piling works for its development projects so as to expedite the construction process and minimise disruption to the neighbourhoods of these populous districts. Against the prevailing backdrop of soaring material costs and a shortage of construction workers, all the above measures help raise quality and cost efficiency by reducing construction waste and manpower. In addition, with a large number of projects under development, the Group has implemented a series of measures such as bulk purchases of building materials and outsourcing to more well-qualified sub-contractors, to further reduce construction costs by economies of scale.
In mainland China, a localization policy is being implemented for the construction works of the Group s development projects.
However, throughout the construction process, the Group s Construction Department monitors all the key areas such as tender evaluation, contract execution, development progress and product quality, and gauges them closely against a set of pre-determined standards. It also provides timely feedback, aiming at achieving building quality excellence and consistency for all of the Group s products.
The Group s Property Management companies, namely, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited, Well Born Real Estate Management Limited and Goodwill Management Limited, collectively manage over 80,000 apartments and industrial commercial units, 8 million square feet of shopping and office space, as well as 20,000 car parking spaces in Hong Kong and 
The Group s Property Management team believes that excellent building quality, when supplemented by a comprehensive and meticulous after-sales property management service, generates certain synergies. Double Cove Phase 1 in Ma On Shan, which is already an award-winning development for its building excellence, was awarded Gold in The Best Landscape Award for Private Property Development 2014 during the year under review. An array of residential developments which were also under the Group s management were named Merit Winners, reaffirming the efforts of the Property Management team to promote a green lifestyle and sustainable living environment. For those urban boutique residences under The H Collection , the Property Management team provides unparalleled one-stop home services to the residents enabling them to enjoy hassle-free urban living. The Group s commitment to quality property management services has also been extended to its projects in mainland China.
During the year under review, Hengbao Huating in Guangzhou and The Arch of Triumph in Changsha received the designations respectively as the Leading Enterprise for Property Management Services in Liwan District 2013 and the 1st runner-up in the Property Services Excellence for Housing Community .
Both the Construction and Property Management teams are on the front-line to serve the community and to realise the Group s commitment to corporate social responsibility. During the year under review, the Group s Construction Department received a multitude of commendations in recognition of their contribution to environmental protection and site safety. Following the success of the preceding Year of Care , the Property Management Team launched The Year of Senior so as to raise public awareness of caring about the elderly. Their volunteer team won the Highest Service Hour Award championship, setting a new record by receiving such a top honour for the ninth year.

In the first half of 2014, the property sales volume continued to decline as a result of the then existing restrictions on home purchases and mortgage lending imposed by the Central Government. The downturn of the property market caused repeated postponements and cancellations of land auctions. After the meetings of the National People s Congress and Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference in March of 2014, the Five Central Measures , intended to speed up the granting of home loans for first-time purchasers and to set mortgage rates at reasonable levels, were introduced and the deposit reserve ratio was reduced as part of the credit easing policies to satisfy mortgage demand amongst home buyers. In the latter half of the year, the Central Government continued to relax the restrictions on credit and the announcement of further relaxations on 30 September 2014 emerged as the turning point of the property market. At the same time, the local governments also adopted various stimulus measures for the property market. Benchmark loan and deposit interest rates were subsequently cut by the People s Bank of China.
Property market activities in the first-tier and some second-tier cities rebounded in the fourth quarter of the year, with a notable increase in turnover.
In December 2014, the Group won the bid for a residential site in Gaoxin District, Suzhou, at a consideration of RMB1,400 million. It will provide a total gross floor area of over 4.3 million square feet against the site area of about 1.8 million square feet.
At 31 December 2014, the Group had approximately 2.5 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed property stock.
The Group also held a sizeable development land bank encompassing 16 major cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about 126.1 million square feet. Around 79% of this total was planned for residential development for sale.
Land bank under development or held for future development 
During the year under review, the Group achieved attributable contracted sales of approximately HK$5,203 million in value and 5.8 million square feet in attributable gross floor area, representing year-on-year decreases of 29% and 31% respectively.
Most of the attributable contracted sales were contributed by major projects including Xuzhou Lakeview Development , Riverside Park in Suzhou, La Botanica and Palatial Crest in Xian, Henderson CIFI Centre in Shanghai as well as Grand Waterfront in Chongqing.

The Group s mainland completed investment property portfolio was enlarged by 700,000 square feet to 7.3 million square feet with the addition of Henderson 688 in Shanghai. Leasing performance achieved gratifying results during the reporting year. Driven by higher rents, improved occupancy and added contributions from recently completed investment properties, the Group s attributable gross rental income and pre-tax net rental income from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures increased by 14% to HK$1,480 million and by 2% to HK$1,096 million respectively during the year under review.
In Shanghai, Henderson Metropolitan near the Bund, housing the Apple flagship store and an eclectic mix of retail flagships, has developed into a popular and trendy shopping mall on Nanjing Road East, the busiest pedestrian street in the City. As Henderson Metropolitan has successfully attracted a multitude of tenants to become taxpayers in the Huangpu District, it has been declared a Hundred Million Dollar Building by the Huangpu District Government. The Group will continue its efforts to bring in further flagship stores of other renowned brands in the fashion and entertainment business. The aim is to enhance the turnover and popularity of the shopping mall, increase customer flow and make appropriate adjustments. During the year under review, many unique and innovative marketing events were organised with the result that Henderson Metropolitan was chosen by Wechat News Channel as one of the top three most Innovative Shopping Malls in Shanghai. The Grand Gateway II , a Grade-A office tower atop the Xujiahui subway station, continues to be well received by multinational corporations and its leasing rate stood at 93% at the end of December 2014. A little more than a year after completion, both the office tower and all the commercial space of Greentech Tower in Zhabei District have been fully leased. With its highly efficient property management and success in securing a great number of tenants to become taxpayers in the Zhabei District, Greentech Tower has also earned the honour of being a Hundred Million Dollar Building and has received a significant tax rebate from the District Government for two consecutive years.
Greentech Tower together with Centro in the same district have been selected by the Department of Housing Management as Excellent Buildings in Shanghai for their quality property management services. Henderson 688 was completed in May 2014 and leasing of the office portion of this development is progressing satisfactorily. Despite an adverse market, Henderson 688 has benefitted from its prime location on prestigious Nanjing Road West in Jingan District and from an outstanding building design. The most encouraging aspect of the leasing of Henderson 688 is that all space on the commercial podium has been let ahead of completion of the building. An outdoor gourmet corridor known as My Avenue 688 has been designed to be the latest trendy meeting hub in Shanghai. Unique eateries with distinctive cuisines from different cultures have been attracted to operate in this new landmark.
In Beijing, World Financial Centre is tenanted by many world- renowned financial institutions and multinational corporations such as Standard Chartered Bank, British Petroleum and Shell China. During the year under review, gross rental income for this international Grade-A office complex increased by 15% to HK$588 million with the leasing rate exceeding 96% by the end of December 2014. The leasing rate for the shopping mall at Henderson Centre was also close to 90% at 31 December 2014.
In Guangzhou, Heng Bao Plaza atop the Changshou Road subway station is under realignment of its tenant mix and its leasing rate was maintained at about 90% at the end of December 2014. In the Central Business District of Yuexiu District, Haizhu Plaza will be another iconic integrated development upon completion, with over 1.7 million square feet of gross floor area made up of about 800,000 square feet of high-end retail space and two office towers of over 900,000 square feet. The project sits on the banks of the Pearl River and will be connected to Haizhu Square subway station, which is the interchange of two lines. Construction will 
Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL ) In order to diversify the business and revenue sources, HIL entered into an agreement with the Company on 5 September 2014, pursuant to which HIL agreed to acquire the Company s retailing operation in Hong Kong under the name Citistore for a consideration of HK$934.5 million. Following completion of the acquisition on 1 December 2014, HIL is engaged in both the retailing business in Hong Kong and the infrastructure business in 
During the year under review, no toll revenue was recognised as the toll fee payment in respect of HIL s infrastructure business remained provisionally suspended pending the outcome of its arbitration case over the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. Meanwhile, post-tax profit contribution of HK$21 million arising from the retailing business against its turnover of HK$105 million for the month of December 2014 was recognised following the completion of its acquisition of the Citistore business on 1 December 2014. After taking into account the direct costs of the infrastructure business in mainland China (comprising mainly the amortization of the intangible operating right of the toll bridge and repairs and maintenance costs) and an exchange loss due to the depreciation of the Renminbi against the Hong Kong dollar, a slight loss attributable to equity shareholders of HK$7 million was recorded by HIL for the year ended 31 December 2014 (2013: Profit attributable to equity shareholders was HK$10 million).
The toll fee collection issue of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge is subject to arbitration by China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ). Arbitration proceedings commenced on 14 April 2014 but no conclusion has been reached. The arbitration tribunal considered that both HIL and mg]@SlQqQP4X -|vU-N_ (Hangzhou City Urban Public Carpark Construction & Development Centre, formerly known as mg]W V ] zS}T6e{ tU or Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office) and Hangzhou Municipal People s Government (collectively, the Parties ) should pursue further negotiations to seek a settlement plan. Its joint venture company has already written to Hangzhou Municipal People s Government accordingly. In July 2014, the arbitration tribunal requested the Parties to submit their own settlement plans for mediation. A mediation meeting has been scheduled to be held in Hangzhou on 31 March 2015.
Looking ahead, Hong Kong s retail environment is expected to remain challenging given the continuing rise in operating costs, as well as intensifying competition within the industry and weaker spending by mainland tourists. HIL will try hard to raise the sales performance of this newly-acquired retail operation and strengthen its cost controls.
HIL will also follow up closely on the development of the arbitration case and continue to pursue further negotiations with the relevant PRC authority with a view to achieving a settlement relating to the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge that is in the interests of HIL and its shareholders as a whole.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the year amounted to HK$7,109 million, an increase of HK$255 million compared to 2013. Exclusive of its share of a revaluation surplus from investment properties and unrealised exchange differences on the Renminbi, this group s profit after taxation for the year increased by approximately HK$640 million to approximately HK$7,000 million, an increase of 10% compared to 2013 mainly attributable to a rise in profit from its local businesses and mainland utility businesses. During the year under review, this group invested HK$6,365 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various existing and new businesses in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Gas Business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for the year increased slightly by 1% to 28,835 million MJ whereas appliance sales revenue increased by 6.1% with a total of 252,135 sets sold, both compared to 2013. As at the end of 2014, the number of customers was 1,819,935, an increase of 21,204 compared to 2013, slightly up by 1.2%.
Utility Businesses in Mainland China As at the end of December 2014, this group had an approximately 62.39% interest in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083). Exclusive of unrealised exchange losses on the Renminbi, Towngas China recorded a net profit of HK$1,195 million, an increase of approximately 26% compared to 2013. Inclusive of the losses from the exchange difference in the fair values due to the depreciation of the Renminbi during the year, Towngas China s profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders was HK$1,054 million, a decrease of HK$52 million compared to 2013.
Towngas China acquired eight new piped-gas projects in 2014 located in Xingyi city, Guizhou province; in Siping city, Jilin province; in Guyang county, Baotou city, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region; in Jiajiang county, Leshan city, Sichuan province; in Songyang county, Lishui city, Zhejiang province; in Tongshan district, Xuzhou city, Jiangsu province; in Luliang county, Qujing city, Yunnan province; and in Yangxin county, Binzhou city, Shandong province. In 2014, Towngas China also acquired a vehicular gas refilling station project in Qiqihar city, Heilongjiang province and a gas pipeline assembly project.
In May 2014, Standard & Poor s Ratings Services ( Standard & Poor s ) upgraded its rating outlook on Towngas China to positive from stable , and affirmed its BBB long-term corporate credit rating on the company. As a result of this revision, Standard & Poor s raised its long-term Greater China regional scale credit rating on Towngas China to cnA+ from cnA . In July 2014, Moody s Investors Service ( Moody s ) also upgraded its rating outlook on Towngas China to positive from stable , and affirmed its Baa2 issuer rating on the company.
As at the end of 2014, inclusive of Towngas China, this group had a total of 127 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 23 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. With a total of eight new projects added to its portfolio in 2014, the total volume of gas sales for these projects in 2014 was approximately 15,200 million cubic metres, an increase of 14% over 2013. As at the end of 2014, this group s mainland gas customers stood at approximately 18.98 million, an increase of 10% over 2013.
This group s midstream natural gas projects are operating smoothly. These include natural gas pipeline projects in Anhui and Hebei provinces; natural gas extension projects in Jilin and Henan provinces; the Guangdong LNG Receiving Terminal project; and Towngas China s midstream pipeline project located in Wafangdian, Dalian city, Liaoning province. Construction of its gas storage facility in underground salt caverns in Jintan city, Jiangsu province commenced in November 2014. Upon completion, this facility will be the first of its kind developed by any city-gas enterprise on the mainland. Phase one of this project, with a total storage capacity of 110 million standard cubic metres, is expected to be commissioned in mid-2016.
This group has so far invested in, and operates, six water projects, including water supply joint venture projects in Wujiang district, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu city, Anhui province; wholly-owned water supply projects in Zhengpugang Xin Qu, Maanshan city and in the starting area of Jiangbei Concentration Zone, Wuhu city, both in Anhui province; and an integrated water supply and wastewater treatment joint venture project, together with an integrated wastewater treatment project for a special industry, both in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province. With increasing demand for clean water resources across the country, this group s water projects are progressing well, with steady growth in volume of water sales.
Inclusive of projects of Towngas China, this group had 202 projects on the mainland as at the end of 2014, 29 more than at the end of 2013, spread across 24 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. These projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water sectors, environmentally-friendly energy applications, energy resources exploration and utilisation, as well as telecommunications.
Emerging Environmentally-Friendly Energy Businesses This group s development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and related research and development of new technologies, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (collectively, ECO ), are progressing well.
ECO s major businesses in Hong Kong an aviation fuel facility, dedicated liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) vehicular refilling stations and landfill gas utilisation projects are all operating smoothly. Total turnover for ECO s aviation fuel facility for 2014 was 5.8 million tonnes. The LPG refilling station business achieved good results in 2014. ECO s landfill gas project in the North East New Territories, after operating for several years, is generating noticeable environmental benefits. ECO has recently concluded an agreement for the development of a South East New Territories landfill gas utilisation project.
ECO s coalbed methane liquefaction facility, located in Jincheng city, Shanxi province, is operating smoothly, with an annual production volume of 250 million cubic metres in 2014.
ECO has recently concluded agreements with two coking plants in Xuzhou city, Jiangsu province and in Heze city, Shandong province, to produce LNG by using coke oven gas from these plants; commissioning of both projects is expected in late 2015.
ECO s methanol production plant in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region operated smoothly in 2014. On this basis, construction of a facility, which further upgrades methanol into natural gasoline (a gasoline substitute chemical product) using self-developed technology, was completed at the end of 2014.
ECO is developing new technologies to convert agricultural and forestry waste into natural gas through gasification and methanation. Construction of a plant for this purpose is expected to commence in the second half of 2015.
A network of ECO natural gas refilling stations is gradually taking shape in, amongst others, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, Henan and Liaoning provinces. All in all, ECO had 38 refilling stations in operation, under planning or construction as at the end of 2014, and further expansion into more provinces is in progress.
ECO s oilfield project in Thailand recorded good output in 2014.
After conducting thorough research studying the geological structure of the oilfield, several high-yield wells were subsequently drilled producing a daily output of 6,000 barrels of oil by the end of 2014, four times that of earlier in the year. This high level of output is expected to be sustained in 2015.

This group established a medium term note programme in 2009 and had issued, as at 31 December 2014, medium term notes of an aggregate amount equivalent to HK$10,400 million with tenors ranging from 5 to 40 years under this programme.
In January 2014, this group also issued its first perpetual subordinated guaranteed capital securities (the Perpetual Capital Securities ), amounting to US$300 million. These Perpetual Capital Securities have a nominal interest rate of 4.75% per annum for the first five years, a record low for securities of the same kind issued by corporations in Asia at that time, and thereafter will have a floating interest rate. The Perpetual Capital Securities were rated A3 and A- by Moody s and Standard & Poor s respectively.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong Ferry ) Hong Kong Ferry s consolidated profit after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2014 amounted to approximately HK$1,031 million, an increase of 251% as compared with the profit after taxation of HK$293 million last year.
In 2014, its profit derived from the sale of 699 residential units of Green Code and the rental and other income from the commercial arcade amounted to HK$1,092 million. The commercial arcades of Shining Heights and The Spectacle were fully let whereas the occupancy rate of the commercial arcade of Metro Harbour View was about 98% at the year end.
The sale of residential units of METRO6 at No. 121 Bulkeley Street, Hung Hom has been carried out in phases. The response from pre-sale was satisfactory. More than half of the residential units had been sold. This residential-cum-commercial tower provides a total gross floor area of approximately 56,000 square feet and comprises 95 residential units. The occupation permit was issued in February 2015 and accordingly the sales turnover will be duly included in its unaudited interim financial statements 
Upon obtaining the response on the clarification on the land use under the crown lease from the relevant Government authorities, this group will review the further development of 208 Tung Chau 
The Ferry, Shipyard and related operations recorded a decline of 76% in operating profit to HK$8.2 million this year as compared with last year, largely due to the absence of a one-off gain from the disposal of oil barges. The operating results of Harbour Cruise Bauhinia showed a decrease of 71% to HK$1.1 million this year due to the reduction in marginal profit.
Due to the negative impact of the Occupy Central movement, the operating results of the Travel Operation doubled in deficit to HK$8.1 million this year.
An impairment loss of HK$15.8 million was made against its available-for-sale securities investment during this year.
The proceeds from the sale of the remaining units in Green Code and METRO6 will be the major source of income of this group 
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited 
Miramar s turnover rose by 3% to approximately HK$3,127 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 compared with HK$3,044 million for the last corresponding period. Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 2% year-on-year to approximately HK$1,301 million. Excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, underlying profit attributable to shareholders grew by 19% year-on-year to approximately HK$567 million.
The Hotels and Serviced Apartments business consists of premium hotels, serviced apartments, and hotel management services for top-tier residential properties. EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) of this business amounted to approximately HK$244 million, representing a growth of 9% year-on-year. The Mira Hong Kong this group s flagship design hotel - marked its fifth anniversary with growth in Revenue per Available Room ( RevPav ). With the sustainable increasing income from buffets to various delicacies and drinks, the hotel business enjoyed a 13% growth in revenue. The 91-room Mira Moon in its first full-year of operation recorded satisfactory performance and received a number of international awards, including 2014 Hot List by Conde Nast Traveller, IT List: The Best New Hotels 2014 by Travel + Leisure, 2014 Hong Kong s Rising Star by Expedia, and 2014 The Luxe List by DestinAsian.
For its Property Rental business, occupancy rates in its key properties including malls and office tower remained in the high nineties throughout 2014, with revenue growth of 7% year-on-year and EBITDA growth of 7% year-on-year during the reporting period. Commenced in 2014, the three- year Mall Repositioning Program improves the scale of our retail portfolio, which boasts approximately 500,000 square feet of prime area in Tsim Sha Tsui s golden strip. By the end of 2014, sections already unveiled included a contemporary Kimberley Road faade and entrance, a new link bridge within the mall and dining floors spanning from 4F to 6F named as FoodLoft . Miramar collaborated with the reputable SCAD Hong Kong to transform the adjoining Knutsford Steps into an artistic graffiti space for shoppers to chill and appreciate. Its office tower leasing transactions remained steady.
The Food and Beverage business, with its diverse offerings under Mira Dining Collection, continued to show improved performance. Revenue grew 27% and EBITDA turned profitable at approximately HK$16 million. After the initial launch of School Food in Times Square, Hong Kong Island in 2013, Miramar opened three additional outlets in high-traffic shopping malls in Kowloon and the New Territories. A second Saboten was also opened in Tsim Sha Tsui. The popular Cantonese brand Tsui Hang Village celebrated its 40th anniversary in 2014 with year-round promotions at all three locations. Cuisine Cuisine at The Mira Hong Kong, WHISK and Tsui Hang Village (Tsim Sha Tsui) won 
The Travel business continues to record a steady growth in revenue due to the rise in popularity in the mass cruise and long-haul tours. Its handy on-line booking applications and pioneering on-line video itineraries facilitate customers in selecting their tours and destinations. The number of transactions made via on-line booking increased significantly in 2014.

The Group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles. At the year end, net debt (including the shareholder loans totalling HK$5,021 million (2013: HK$5,474 million)) amounted to HK$37,420 million (2013: HK$38,344 million) giving rise to a financial gearing ratio of 15.7% (2013: 17.2%).
In January 2014, the Group concluded a HK$13,800 million 4-year and 5-year term loan revolving credit facility with a consortium of 19 leading international banks and local financial institutions. It is the largest syndicated credit facility that has ever been concluded by the Group, reflecting the continuing support and trust of the banking community in the Group.
International Finance Centre project, which is owned by a joint venture of the Group, made an approach to the rated bond market again which resulted in the successful conclusion of three Guaranteed Notes issuance transactions in the first half of 2014 for a total amount of HK$3,500 million, following the debut issue of six-year Guaranteed Notes for US$500 million in mid-2013. These three bond issues were rated A (Stable) by Standard & Poor s Rating Services. Issued at a coupon rate of 3.4% with a tenor of six years, the pricing for these transactions were comparable with those prevailing for bonds issued by top credit-rated companies in Hong Kong. In addition, a 5-year term loan refinancing facility for an amount of HK$10,000 million was concluded in August 2014 in the local syndicated loan market with favourable terms.
In light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past years, the Group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms ranging from five to fifteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.

Improvement in the US economy, as well as increased global liquidity following the launch of quantitative easing by Europe and Japan, lent support to the property market in Hong Kong. In view of notable revival in property market, particularly in respect of the small and medium-sized residential units, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority has recently introduced a new round of tightening measures for property mortgages. The Group believes that these measures should be conducive to the healthy and sustainable development of the Hong Kong property market in the long run.
As regards property sales , the Group s efforts in urban redevelopment over the years have started to bear fruit. In 2015, the Group plans to embark on sales launches of 7 urban residential development projects, as well as phases 4 and 5 of Double Cove in Ma On Shan, so as to meet the prevailing keen market demand for small and medium-sized flats. Together with the completed stock, a total of about 3,200 residential units in Hong Kong is estimated to be available for sale this year.
The Group has made use of multiple channels to replenish its development landbank in Hong Kong. There are currently 40 urban redevelopment projects with 80% to 100% of their ownership acquired, representing about 3.4 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area, which is expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2016 or beyond. The Group has also increased its land reserve in the New Territories to 44.5 million square feet, the largest holding among its peers in Hong Kong. Meanwhile, following the previous success in acquiring a residential site in Fanling through public tender, the Group has won the tender again for the commercial site atop the Tsim Sha Tsui East MTR station at HK$4,688 million during the year under review. It is by diversified means of land acquisitions that a stable supply of land is provided to the Group for property development in the long run.
Turning to mainland China, money supply should be relatively relaxed to maintain economic growth. In the first-tier cities, demand for housing is still strong and outlook of the property market remains relatively optimistic. In the second-tier cities, the diversity in the development of the property market will further intensify. The Group will actively look for quality projects in the first-tier cities as well as residential development projects in the second-tier cities exhibiting great potential. Also, the Group will step up its co-operation with mainland property developers.
As regards rental business , the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 8.9 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong with most of them being quality offices and large-scale shopping malls, plus approximately 7.3 million square feet of completed investment properties across the prime cities in mainland China. In addition, the Group has many commercial development projects in the pipeline. With a continually expanding rental portfolio, the Group s rental income is set to report further growth.
The associates , namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, Miramar and Hong Kong Ferry continue to provide the Group with a source of stable and sizeable income. Hong Kong and China Gas, in particular, is Hong Kong s first public utility company. It has 202 projects on the mainland, spreading across 24 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities with the number of customers in Hong Kong and mainland China increased to approximately 20.8 million. Its business coverage has also extended to new energy and water sectors. Its returns are promising given its sizeable customer base in both Hong Kong and mainland China amid rapidly growing business development.
The above three major income pillars (namely, property sales , rental business and associates ) produce stable income for the Group. As at the end of February 2015, revenue from the pre-sales of Hong Kong properties, but not yet accounted for, amounted to approximately HK$6,526 million in attributable terms.
Together with a strong balance sheet, the Group is well placed to seize emerging opportunities to expand its asset portfolio, creating abundant value for the shareholders. Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group s performance in the coming financial year is expected to be satisfactory.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2015 
