CHAIRMAn s LETTER TO sHAREHOLDERs 
For the year ended June 30, 2011, turnover decreased by 54.6% to HK$5,714 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 73.1% to HK$3,529 million.
Earnings per share similarly decreased to HK$2.62, representing a drop of 73.3% from the previous year.
While our major subsidiary, Hang Lung Properties (HLP) did not sell any apartments under the current market environment, property leasing recorded a 12.7% increase in rental income to HK$5,711 million and a 11.7% growth in operating profit to HK$4,574 million.
When excluding revaluation gain and its related deferred taxes and noncontrolling interests, underlying net profit went down by 53.1% to HK$1,733 million. Underlying earnings per share decreased similarly to HK$1.29.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK57 cents per share. If approved by shareholders, both the final and total dividends per share for the full year will be the same as the year before.

Because HLP did not sell any Hong Kong apartments in the past fiscal year, property sales went from HK$7.5 billion a year ago to almost zero. This is the first of two reasons for the fall in net profit. The other is that revaluation gain decreased tremendously. That is a reflection of the overall property market and is a non-cash item. Our finances remain healthy.
Hong Kong rents rose by 8% which was quite respectable. This was considerably better than the year before when they only grew by 5%. Both commercial and offices increased at 7% but residential and industrial buildings went up 14%.
Although the Shanghai market is maturing, we still took in 11% more rent.
Continuing the trend of the past years, retail space did much better. It advanced by 19% while office rent only grew marginally. The luxury shopping center of Plaza 66 again outperformed at 28% as opposed to 13% for the mall at Grand Gateway 66. In the latter property, the three residential blocks garnered 10% 
The one-year-old Shenyang Palace 66 met budget in terms of turnover.
Significant contribution to profit will take some time which is expected of any 
Rental income came 52% from Hong Kong and 48% from the Mainland. A year ago the numbers were respectively 54% and 46%. With the addition of Jinan Parc 66 next month, it is quite safe to assume that in this fiscal year, Mainland rent will surpass that from our home market.
As a result of the placement of HLP shares last November, our shareholding therein has dropped to slightly below 49%. In the past few months we have taken advantage of market weakness and have purchased HLP shares.
Conditions permitting, we will continue to acquire. After all, price movements of the past nine months showed that we had placed shares at the peak - - at HK$37.48 per share.
A year ago I wrote to shareholders mainly about two issues: fundamental problems in the Hong Kong residential market and why I was hopeful to buy more land on the Mainland. I was correct on the former but erred on the latter.
Here is how I see the present situation and how it may impact our business.
Due to Hong Kong government s blunders in land policies over the past several years, we are facing a conundrum today. The implications extend beyond pure economics and have contributed to social disharmony. If not handled correctly and skillfully, the ramifications will accelerate. As the supply of housing was not adequately addressed, our leaders are now forced into meddling with demand.
The same problem exists on the Mainland except that the scale is much bigger and much more complicated.
The Hong Kong problem can be fixed relatively easily. Announce the massive release of land of the right kind, i.e. for mass residential housing, and follow through. Prices will fall. The government must first and foremost care for the society as a whole and not cater to the interests of industry players.
Consider the general ineffectiveness of controlling demand in the past twelve months. The announcement of the levy of Special Stamp Duty (SSD) last November did not stop price hikes. It could even be argued that the problem was exacerbated because many owners resolved to renting their flats, thus taking supply out of the market. This in turn pushed up rents.
After the Financial Secretary s Budget Speech of February which promised more land, people did not believe it and prices kept rising. That forced the hand of government to take tougher measures. Banks were engaged to limit mortgages, but only government s announcement to consider revitalizing the Home Ownership Scheme (HOS) finally tamed market sentiments.
It is obvious that all these blunt actions do not engender a healthy development of the housing market, nor do they address the root problem which is a serious undersupply of land. I have been asked repeatedly about my views on the resumption of the HOS. My answer is that I am neither for it nor against it.
I am not for it because our society should not need to be pushed to a position where we have to face the question. Given the Asian Financial Crisis of 1997 to 2002 followed by SARS in 2003, housing prices fell precipitously. In those years, our government rightly stopped selling land. Ironically that was a tragic way to correct the artificially high prices of 1997 right before Hong Kong s return to her Motherland. But being shell-shocked to such an extent that for some six years to 2010 very little land was sold by the government, was inexcusable. At the latest by around 2005, much more land should have been released to meet market demand. If that had been done, we would not face the HOS issue today.
Records show that in the past several years, the Real Estate Developers Association repeatedly urged the government to sell land. Unfortunately our leaders refused. Now in face of a severe shortage of supply and with society once again clamoring for the return of the HOS, one could hardly object.
Even today, I hold out hope that if the government were to announce that say within the next two years, massive amounts of mass residential land were to be released, market expectation would soon bring home prices down. The policy change as well as the anticipated response would both be rational. However, the populace is more often than not emotional. And given the timidity of the government, the cry for the return of the HOS is perhaps understandable.
Whatever the case, it is useful to examine history and in the process set the record straight. High as housing prices may seem today, it is not as bad as in 1997. According to the Centa-City Leading Index (of home prices), a historic peak took place on June 29 of that year, two days ahead of Hong Kong s return to China. As of July 1 this year, only prices on Hong Kong Island have exceeded such historical peak that while those in Kowloon were still 4% below, with New Territories East 6% below and New Territories West 22% below.
These numbers are in line with an intuitive understanding of the market.
Luxury homes such as many on Hong Kong Island have for many years seen prices shoot up. They have long surpassed the pre-1997 level. But for mass residential, it was only in the past year or two that prices approached those of fourteen years ago. In some cases such as in the New Territories West, there is still much catch up to be had.
It is also interesting to compare overall home prices, the consumer price index (CPI) and average wages since July 1997. CPI has just caught up to the earlier level. In other words, in the past fourteen years Hong Kong s economy basically went nowhere. Overall housing value is still some 6% below that of its peak in mid 1997. As to average wages, there has been a gain of approximately 10%.
Since luxury units rose the most, superficially home ownership today for most Hong Kong citizens is more affordable than fourteen years ago. The problem is that the rise in salary over the same period is by no means uniform - - increases in pay of high value-added jobs such as in the financial services has been phenomenal while the lower strata are left in a worse position than before. This is at the root of much of our city s ills.
Given market conditions, HLP did not have a realistic chance in the past twelve months to part with apartments en masse. Secondary market prices of The HarbourSide and of The Long Beach were only slightly above the last time we sold a few years ago. (One should not be misled by marketing gimmicks and pronouncements of exorbitant transaction prices in the primary market by some developers.) We just have to wait a little longer which is fine.
As to purchasing land on the Mainland, the situation is somewhat troubling.
I began the fiscal year holding out hope to buy but subsequent market evolution has forced me to reconsider as evidenced in my letter to shareholders at mid-year. I wrote, Our efforts are further challenged by ever changing rules and an evolving competitive landscape. Consequently, while insisting on discipline in some areas, management must in other areas adjust periodically to 
In the past six months, much has happened in the market which will change the face of the industry. Premier WEN Jiabao announced in February the building of 36 million apartments by the government in the coming five years. This year alone, ten million of them must commence construction, 40% of which can be for rent. This compares to a total of units sold last year by private developers of 9.3 million. Since the number of developers will unlikely decrease, the average share of business per player has diminished. Such is the severity of policy changes that can be had in Mainland China.
The consequences can be manifold. Some weaker developers may go bankrupt. The outgoing companies and their property portfolio may be absorbed by stronger players. Others will effectively turn themselves into contractors.
Instead of doing just construction, they will become like real estate consultants and contractors rolled into one. After all they are former developers and are supposed to have such expertise. On the other hand, there are always land owners and businessmen who have made money in other industries, who want to enter the property field but without experience. Such development consultants cum contractors will provide the needed capabilities. Strictly speaking, such hybrid firms have already lost as far as the development game is concerned. The profit they will make will be commensurate with the risks they will take - - both will be minimized.
Others will struggle along in a much diminished playground. Those who specialize in luxury housing in major cities will be affected less. Their products are more different from the subsidized kind built by the government. Those who formerly boasted of tens of millions of square meters of land bank may be hurt more. One cannot help but wonder what would happen if one or more of those bigger companies are allowed to enter bankruptcy.
Some stronger players will invade the commercial real estate sector which is already happening. Since it is by nature very different from home building, a number of these will eventually fail. The more fortunate ones may end up holding many substandard and low yielding assets. Those who manage to sell their products and churn their capital will survive, but an unintended consequence is to fill China s cities with visual pollution i.e. ridiculously - - pardon the honesty - - designed and built complexes. Those who are not nimble enough to sell at the right time may get caught in a market down cycle and find themselves in a financial bind. As such, those who escaped Waterloo in the residential market may find their downfall in the commercial sector.
None of us should be surprised by such developments. No real estate industry anywhere in the world does not go through the same cycle. It is in fact odd that in a developing economy like China where the industry is teeming, we have not seen major bankruptcies yet. We would have had many in late 2008 and early 2009 but the government saved them all. But moving forward, such blowups seem inevitable. In fact they will help mature the industry and so are normal and healthy. For China, that day will come.
But for us long time participants in commercial real estate, we are faced with a difficult decision. The proliferation of new players - - including those from Hong Kong who have in recent years turned active - - will inevitably drive up land value.
The question is whether we should chase prices.
The first thing to bear in mind is that rising land prices are a secular trend in China. Developers like us who have been successful in buying cheap land in the past should not allow today s much larger numbers trouble us. Let the past be the past. One should only look forward in deciding what to do today and for tomorrow. If not, we may miss the opportunities. That was a message embedded in my words at mid-year. We were then considering how to tackle the new environment.
Six months have passed and our thinking has evolved further. Two observations convince us that it may be unwise to chase prices now. First, it is still quite possible to find well located plots of land in dynamic cities which are yet to be noticed. The country and its retail markets are simply too gigantic and the number of commercial developers of size, while increasing, is still very limited. Fewer yet are those who can play in our league, financially speaking 
On the other hand, a number of wealthy cities are recognizing that merely bringing in money - - or bearing the promise to bring in money - - is not sufficient.
Some are later found to be not financially solid. Equally unpleasant is their lack of knowhow. Frankly who among the local developers has a track record of building aesthetically and functionally world class complexes? As municipal leaders become more sophisticated - - and they are becoming so by the day - - such issues become increasingly important to them. This development is very favorable to us, for we are among the strongest financially and an unquestioned leader in terms of expertise.
What all this means is that we must cast the net much broader in our effort to acquire land. To thoughtful city leaders, Hang Lung can be the best story in town and we need to broadcast it more widely. Supported by some evidence, I believe that good opportunities should exist; we just need to find them. This is not a time to try harder i.e. pay more, but smarter, i.e. exploit inefficiencies in the system and find those lost pearls.
Whereas the above signals that we do not need to chase prices, the following set of observations seems to indicate that perhaps it is not wise to chase prices now. First we are increasingly concerned over certain social developments.
When we are not sure what may happen, it is safer to be cautious and maintain liquidity. Buying now may diminish our ability to buy better tomorrow. The economic conditions of the country and indeed of the world also do not breed confidence. With China now so integrated into the global economy, untoward developments in the U.S. and Europe will inevitably affect China. Consider the recent event: soon after Bear Stearns failed in March 2008, China s electricity consumption as well as exports fell precipitously within a short period of time.
So together with changes in the commercial real estate sector described earlier, we have come to the conclusion that this is not the time to be overly aggressive.
At Hang Lung, two critical departments are project development and construction, and (property) leasing and management. (These are of course strongly supported by the likes of finance, human resources, IT, etc.) Their activities are very different in nature. Construction and property management are like farming - - one has to persist in it day in and day out. Project development, particularly land acquisition, on the other hand is like hunting.
One labors for months or even years and there are apparently no tangible results. Like a farmer, a hunter must also persist, but gratification comes only sporadically. Moreover, there seem to be seasons even for hunting. When the time comes, one may get double kills in a short period of time. That was indeed our experience in December 2006 and again May 2009.
While hard work is always required, a hunter may not get the best result by constantly running at full speed. That is to always pay the highest price for land.
One day he may run out of strength i.e. financial resources. Rather a hunter must act wisely at all times. Trying smarter will often bring more gratification than merely trying harder. At times he must be patient and do nothing except to wait. Observe, calculate, prepare and conserve and the big kill will sooner or later arrive. That was exactly what we did in the past two decades to great profit. I trust that these experiences will again serve us well today.

Given the economic size differential, Hong Kong can only survive if we can prove our worth to our much bigger neighbor. On the other hand, if we succeed in doing that, then we will thrive beyond measure. Consider this: seven million Hong Kong people serving 1.35 billion Mainlanders. What economic opportunities that represents! Looking at it from the other direction; Hong Kong can find itself in a position where 1.35 billion people need us, say our services.
For example, much of Hong Kong s financial service industry cannot so far be duplicated by the Mainland. Since they urgently need us, we thrive. For the past few years, our annual IPO volume was bigger than that of either New York or London. A decade ago, most people could not imagine that.
But not all industries in Hong Kong will benefit, and real estate is an odd case.
If Mainlanders were allowed to freely purchase homes in Hong Kong, we would be overwhelmed. If that ever materializes, then regulations may have to be introduced to protect our local citizens so they too can buy at reasonable prices.
After all, size matters a lot.
The converse has a very different effect. Even if every Hong Kong family were to buy a home on the Mainland in the coming years, it will not make much of a difference. There are only approximately 1.2 million households in Hong Kong who own their residence. Last year alone, 9.3 million new homes on the Mainland changed hands.
Likewise, it is not easy for Hong Kong developers to make a mark on the Mainland. Arguably Hang Lung is so far the only one. It is useful to understand why Hong Kong players have failed to win big up north. Only so will we have a chance to remedy that situation. And since our target market for the past decade has been over there, the issue is of critical significance to us.
Twenty years ago, there were hardly any developer to speak of on the Mainland.
Many Hong Kong companies on the other hand were already large and strong.
Some were even among the biggest in the world. Since there was to us hardly any barrier to entry - - in fact local governments then welcomed us with open arms - - we could have taken over a sizable chunk of the market. But none of us did that. To my knowledge, only one Hong Kong young man straight out of university who had little possibility of making it big in the mature Hong Kong market, ventured north and greatly succeeded. Last year his firm ranked number ten of all Mainland developers in total assets, sales volume and size of 
What has happened to the established Hong Kong players including ourselves? Some soul searching should serve us well. We must first know what we did wrong. I believe that there are at least seven areas; more I am sure can 
First, even today many Hong Kong developers lack commitment; the Mainland market is secondary to them. It does not matter to them if they win; if they do, it is just icing on the cake. In fact because unit price is so low up north, they may even look down upon that market and their players. That is 
Secondly, whereas some Hong Kong businessmen are well connected with national and provincial leaders, they are probably less familiar with officials below the vice mayor level. Yet with real estate being the ultimate local business, relationships with the underlings can be critical.
Thirdly, it is true that by operating for long years in a well regulated society, Hong Kong businessmen are relatively more ethical. (Nevertheless, much remains to be desired in terms of good governance among our real estate firms.) In China especially in the 1990 s, almost anything went. Hong Kong people were definitely put in a disadvantaged position for being more honest. Fortunately the Mainland has been changing in the right direction although much more needs to be done.
Fourthly, there is no denying that while all are ethnic Chinese, there are differences in culture. At the very least, most major Hong Kong developers do not speak Mandarin adequately. Others may even foolishly harbor an unfounded superiority. Such can hardly understand the political and corporate cultures of the Mainland.
Next, the political, social and economic systems on the Mainland are all very different from ours. Only the humble have a chance to learn. But even if we do, we will be forever outsiders. It is not easy to fully embed ourselves in another system. This is true everywhere but especially in a big country 
Sixthly, having already amassed wealth in Hong Kong, our major developers are no longer willing to be entrepreneurial. Yet it is critical in a developing and so less regulated market like Mainland China. To Hong Kong people, it is a lot of hard work and a lot of travel. The older generation who founded their firms decades ago was once upon a time extraordinarily entrepreneurial.
Neither they nor their children want to be like that anymore.
Finally, unlike our Motherland, Hong Kong is a very small place. Although our unit property price is among the highest in the world, quantity has never been our thing. But in the rest of China, it is a different story. So far it is all about quantity there, and Hong Kong people think too small.
So today on the Mainland, the smallest of the top ten property companies in terms of total assets stands at about HK$90 billion. The biggest is over 2.5 times that. On last year s turnover, the smallest of the top twenty was over HK$15 billion. The largest, which is also number one in the world, sold over HK$130 billion of homes. Towards the end of 2010, the land bank of the least of the top twenty was 12.5 million sq.m. and the most aggressive had about 72.4 million sq.m. All these impressive numbers were achieved when Hong Kong developers were hardly watching.
In face of these seven areas, how does Hang Lung fare and how do we survive and hopefully thrive? Of all the major Hong Kong players, we were probably the first - - and so far still the only - - to publicly declare that our future was on the Mainland. We have not purchased land in Hong Kong for almost eleven years. This was a deliberate effort on our part, although we were also encouraged by the disadvantaged position we were in throughout the 1990 s following two decades of lethargy. We knew that it would be difficult to excel in our home market due to the lack of a cheap land bank.
For that reason, our commitment to the Mainland market was perhaps made 
On relationships with government officials, we unlike many others never proactively develop them unless we are required to. We never like to get too close to the powers that be because there may be undesirable consequences. We only knock on their doors when there is a clear necessity. Fortunately our relatively large size and successful track record in commercial real estate helps to open doors when we need to.
On business ethics, I dare say that we are among the best of Hong Kong property firms. We are culturally sensitive if not savvy when dealing with the Mainland. We respect their system and try as much as possible to understand and work with it without compromising ethical standards.
We believe that it can be done. We are entrepreneurial but stay within the bounds of our strategy. If you will, we are entrepreneurial and disciplined at the same time.
Success in varying degrees in the above six points notwithstanding, the determining factor is I believe the seventh. We refuse to play the game purely for the sake of quantity. We are deeply aware that the only way we can win on the Mainland is to compete on quality. Find a niche where local players big or small do not have the knowhow or means, hence our strategy to build world class commercial complexes for long term hold. We have been doing it for longer than anyone up north has. Experiences gained over long years are invaluable and long years are required to acquire them. After all, the only way to learn in this business is through mistakes - - especially one s own mistakes. Given the long time to complete a project, one to two decades at a minimum are necessary to learn somewhat adequately, if one learns at all. That should give us the time to build up a market lead which would be difficult if not impossible for others to catch up with. We also constantly strive to improve so as to keep a healthy distance between ourselves and our competitors.
Next month Jinan Parc 66 will open. All 171,000 sq.m. of shops have been fully leased since February. Accomplishing this six months ahead of completion is hardly heard of on the Mainland. Contracted rents are rather pleasing and so the initial yield of the project will be quite good. It should outdo by a healthy margin all our existing facilities in Shanghai and Shenyang when they first opened.
Unlike Shenyang Palace 66, construction at Parc 66 was much more smooth.
The competitive landscape in Jinan is also more favorable - - we are the first major mall in the city. Our top location, large size and excellent design should help ensure continued success. There is simply nothing like it in this provincial capital. Once opened, I expect it to quickly become an attraction to citizens near and far.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, increase in the Group s rental income should continue for many years to come as we will on average add 100,000 sq.m. to 200,000 sq.m. to the portfolio annually. Top line growth should be especially strong around 2014 and 2015, when the first office towers of Wuxi Center 66 and Shenyang Forum 66 as well as the shopping centers at Tianjin Riverside 66 and Dalian Olympic 66 are all slated to open.
Indeed the golden era of Hang Lung is ahead of us.
Rental turnover this fiscal year should perform acceptably. It will be due partly to organic growth everywhere and partly to the addition of Parc 66.
Even in the absence of property sales, an overall increase in both the top and the bottom lines can be expected.
Last September 13, we celebrated our jubilee. Whereas no one can foresee what will happen in the next fifty years, I am confident that as long as the global and the Chinese economies hold up reasonably well, our next decade or two should be exciting. We are in a market sweet spot that is the envy of many - - we are as well positioned as anyone to take advantage of the rise of the world s fastest growing economy which may soon become the biggest as well. All we have to do is to build out the land we already own and properly manage the resulting malls and offices. Beyond that, we will cautiously expand our portfolio by buying more land.
Ronnie C. Chan 
