CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT The attributable profit for 2002 of HK$5,404 million was 31% higher than in 2001, despite write-downs on residential property developments of HK$398 million and net restructuring costs of HK$209 million, principally in the Trading & Industrial Division.
This reflects a marked increase in contribution from our aviation interests where there has been a welcome recovery in both passenger and cargo demand. Whilst pressure on Hong Kong office rents has increased, overall property income was well supported by a very resilient retail portfolio and by profits from the sale of units at The Albany. The Beverages and Marine Services Divisions delivered good growth and again made significant contributions to the overall result.

Interim dividends of HK40.0 per A share and HK8.0 per B share were declared on 8th August 2002. Directors have recommended final dividends for 2002 of HK90.0 per A share and HK18.0 per B share. The total distribution per share paid and proposed for 2002 shows a 16% increase over 2001.
Subject to approval by shareholders, dividend payments will be made on 2nd June 2003. During the year the company repurchased 7,804,000 A shares and 55,815,000 B shares for HK$540 million at a weighted average cost of HK$28.51 per effective A share.
Scope of Activities Pressure on office rents has continued unabated, resulting in a marked decline in rental levels. Occupancy levels also declined to 89% at year end. Nevertheless, our retail portfolio continues to significantly outperform the Hong Kong market and remains 100% let. We have continued to invest in the sector with the ongoing construction of Cambridge House and Three Pacific Place, as well as the signing in April of a joint venture to construct a four million square foot mixed use commercial complex in Guangzhou, China, to be called Taikoo Hui. Cash flow from the sale of residential trading properties was again strong and was supplemented by good profits from the sale of 25 Albany apartments. In 2003, we will continue to focus on further sales of the existing inventory of residential apartments. Further investments in the residential property market will be restricted to projects, such as The Orchards in Hong Kong and Jade Residences in Miami, where the group s ability to add value is recognised by the market and where land costs are judged to fairly reflect the risks of such investments.
Cathay Pacific had an excellent year, contributing attributable earnings of HK$1,677 million. Passenger demand fell sharply in the fourth quarter of 2001, but leisure traffic rebounded surprisingly quickly in 2002 stimulated by various successful sales and marketing initiatives. As a result, high load factors in the first half of 2002 were sustained during the second half even as additional aircraft were put into service.
The cargo business performed particularly well throughout the year on the back of strong export growth, and set a new record for tonnage carried. In addition to returning parked aircraft to service, the company also took delivery of two new ultra long- haul A340-600s and placed orders for six more passenger aircraft to expand the regional fleet in 20032004. Cathay Pacific s successful partnership with DHL was significantly deepened with the signing of a joint venture agreement to utilise Air Hong Kong as a vehicle to develop a regional express cargo network; orders were placed for six A300-600F freighter aircraft for delivery in 20042005. Other aviation interests, in particular HAECO and Hactl, also performed well and generated attributable profits of HK$353 million for the group.
The Beverages Division had an excellent year, achieving volume growth of 11%, helped by the successful launch of new products. Coupled with the effect of lower material costs and productivity gains, attributable profits grew 24% to HK$313 million. During the year, the division increased its stake in the Xian bottler to 78.3%.
The Marine Services Division had a satisfactory year with profits rising to HK$657 million.
Results from the Trading & Industrial Division were significantly influenced by restructuring costs in Taikoo Motors, partially offset by gains on the disposal of interests in Schneider Swire and the Hong Kong Spinners Industrial Building. Automobile operations in Taiwan, the sports apparel business in Hong Kong and the industrial joint ventures - Swire SITA, Crown Can and ICI Swire Paints - all recorded 
The group s financial position was strengthened during the year with net cash inflow before financing of HK$5,140 million enabling debt and gearing to fall to HK$14,188 million and 19% respectively. Undrawn committed and uncommitted loan facilities stood at HK$5,277 million and HK$2,069 million as at 31st December 2002, an increase on the prior year.
Our A3 long term debt rating from Moody s was reaffirmed during the year, although in May 2002 Standard & Poor s downgraded our rating from A- to BBB+ .

A commitment to good corporate governance is central to our management philosophy and group culture. The key principles and values to which we aim to adhere and the various measures by which the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders are safeguarded are set out on pages 38 to 41. During the year we appointed two additional independent non-executive directors, formally adopted a Corporate Code of Conduct and continued to expand disclosures in our financial statements.
Social & Environmental Responsibility The group is committed to acting in a socially responsible manner so as to recognise the interests of the community as a whole. During the year the group was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, and made further progress in implementing a project to track key environmental health and safety performance measures across the group.

Rental levels, particularly in the office sector, will continue to suffer from a combination of weak demand and additional new supply in the short term, although we remain confident in the underlying quality and resilience of our retail and office property portfolio. Any improvement in prices in the residential sector can be expected only with the return of consumer confidence.
Notwithstanding the good recovery enjoyed by Cathay Pacific in 2002, prospects for the aviation sector in general are uncertain. Cathay Pacific enjoys considerable financial strength, an excellent route network, a highly dedicated and professional workforce and an outstanding reputation for service excellence. We are confident, therefore, that, despite a planned 14% increase in capacity in 2003 and subject to any major impact stemming from current problems in the Middle East, Cathay Pacific will be able to meet the challenges posed by high fuel prices and the prospect of continued weakness in 
Swire Beverages will continue to leverage its considerable production and distribution capacity with the introduction of new products and packages, supported by tailored marketing and advertising initiatives. Another year of good growth 
Swire Pacific Offshore is currently suffering from a downturn in exploration activity, but demand for production support work has been relatively robust resulting in the successful placement of newly built vessels into term charters.
There will be considerable capacity growth at both Modern Terminals and Shekou Container Terminals during the year.
Whilst this will inevitably have an impact on asset utilisation and rates in the short term, we remain confident in the prospects for continued growth from these port activities in 
The Trading & Industrial Division, following the restructuring carried out over the past three years, is expected to produce a markedly improved result in the year ahead.
In the context of an extremely volatile political situation in Iraq, and elsewhere, of a local economy that is still struggling to recover and of global economic uncertainty it is difficult to predict the future with any normal degree of confidence.
Nevertheless I am very satisfied with the strong performance of our businesses in 2002 and believe that the underlying operating trends of the group are positive and encouraging for 
On behalf of the shareholders I should like to thank our staff who have, once again, demonstrated their ability to achieve good results in the face of the most challenging conditions.

