TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Results and Dividends For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2003, turnover increased 5.1% to $3,421.4 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders was $488 million, 29.5% lower than last year. Earnings per share was 36.9 cents, representing a decrease of 29.4% over last year.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 32 cents per share and total dividends for the year will be 44 cents per share. Both are the same as last year.

In last year s statement, I strongly advocated determined actions by the government to stamp the tide of further property price deterioration. Continued downward pressure has forced the government and related parties to act. For example, sales of Home Ownership Scheme (HOS) flats by the Housing Authority will be permanently halted. KCRC, our railway company, will no longer rely on real estate to subsidize its operation. These, together with other measures, will pave the way for a recovery which I believe is on its way. By that, I mean that transaction volume will pick up, but prices may well remain low. The former is a reflection of better confidence, and the latter, a result of plentiful supply of flats.
Despite last year s extremely tough environment, we parted with about 82% of the 658-unit development, the New Haven, in Tsuen Wan. By the end of June, about 96% of the 2,158-unit Tung Chung Crescent was sold. The sales campaign has been on going for about four years. At Seaview Crescent, we sold in the past fiscal year 1,045 units which account for almost 70% of the total. We own 20% each of these last two projects which are both at Tung Chung next to the Hong Kong International Airport.
Management of our subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) had made a conscious decision to postpone sales of all majority controlled developments with the hope to sell later at higher prices. It now seems that the determination is a correct one as we see market sentiments improving. HLP s rental income and profit in Hong Kong held steady in the past year, while growth rates in Shanghai were encouraging.
A significant development of the past year is the sale of all of our shares in Grand Hotel Holdings (GHH) to HLP. Our independent shareholders, i.e. those unrelated to the major shareholder s family, voted overwhelmingly in October to sell.
The reasons are three-fold.
First, hotel was not the highest and best use for valuable real estate like the two buildings owned by GHH. Converting Grand Tower Hotel to offices and all rooms in Grand Plaza Hotel to service apartments (previously half of the rooms were already service apartments) should yield higher and steadier returns.
This is due partly to the excellent locations which the two facilities command. Less well located properties may not have the luxury as we do.
The second reason is related to the first. We believe that there is a structural problem with our segment of the industry, i.e. three to four star hotels, which cannot be resolved in the coming few years. Namely, room rates that can be generated do not justify the high land and labor costs prevailing in Hong Kong. Most mainland Chinese tourists who are projected to dominate our kind of facilities do not like to pay for expensive accommodations.
The same is in general true of Third World visitors including those from Southeast Asia. It is not necessarily because they are poor, for many of them spend generously on durables such as jewelry and branded fashion goods.
The majority of them come on group tours which bargain room rates to their bare bones. At prevailing or even considerably higher prices, hotels will run at a loss after taking into consideration direct costs, vacancy and depreciation. The many new facilities being built or being converted from other usage will keep a cap on rates. And even if supplydemand of rooms is favorable, it is still doubtful whether hoteliers can raise prices too much. Mainland tourists have alternative inexpensive destinations such as those in Southeast Asia.
Having said that, we of course understand why some Hong Kong people are still constructing hotels. The hardest hit of all real estate sectors is industrial and industrialoffice buildings. Their value, if left empty as so many are, is not positive but negative because there are expenses such as taxes (including rates which are fees for urban services), maintenance and insurance. By converting them into hotels which new building regulations allow, at least land and structures become productive there is hope of enough cash flow to cover outgoings. Whether over a longer period the owners can make a profit is a different matter. We suspect that even if they do, the return will be meager. This analysis does not apply to those premises which have the possibility of being turned into condominiums and sold off unit by unit. Some are indeed playing that game. They should be careful, however, for the government may soon close the 
Finally, by selling GHH shares, we receive cash. Although we are financially comfortable, no one should turn down cash especially in uncertain times like these. Moreover, because we control about 62% of HLP which now owns these properties, we will still benefit from their future earning capacity.
Another important development in the past year relates to our Shanghai project The Grand Gateway. The joint venture company which owns it and which we together with HLP are the biggest shareholder, has essentially sold one of the two office blocks being built. The purchaser which is a former partner in the development will among other things pay US$124 million cash which should be sufficient to complete the project. The buyer would also relinquish all its shares in the joint venture holding company. Those shares have already been distributed to the remaining shareholders (i.e. the sellers) on a pro rata basis, resulting in our shareholding rising from 47.25% to 66.28%. This outcome is very much welcomed by your management.
Your board has taken steps to further strengthen corporate governance. We have established a Nomination and Remuneration Committee comprising only non-executive directors. Board meetings are held more frequently than ever. It is interesting to observe that in the 1970 s and 1980 s, the board only met twice a year to coincide with interim and final result announcements. In the 1990 s, it convened about four times per annum, but has now increased to about six. The board is also in the process of identifying an additional non-executive director.
Lastly, the Company has lifted its shareholding in Hang Lung Properties from 60% at the beginning of the past fiscal year to 62% towards the end. Recognizing that the property market will sooner or later recover, and the delay of HLP s sales campaigns for projects may in fact increase the eventual amount of profits, we believe that buying the stocks is prudent. Beside reasonable expectation of making money therefrom, we are also preparing for the eventuality that the conversion of outstanding HLP convertible bonds will dilute our shareholding. It is important that management should maintain flexibility so as to be able to take full advantage of opportunities be it in the real estate or in the capital markets. As history shows, such opportunities can 
It is now almost a consensus that the SAR government s policy of building 85,000 homes per annum, is the main cause of our market blight. The real story however was not so simple. It was a fact that in the pre-1997 days, the then government already had a target of building 81,000 flats per year. Moreover, those who condemn the SAR government now should not forget that when the policy was first announced on July 1, 1997, almost all segments of society including most if not all the accusers applauded the decision. Perhaps only a few developers including the present writer had the inkling that things would never be the same again. Like many at the time, I supported the policy believing that the city s exceptionally high real estate prices were seriously eroding our competitiveness.
Why then the freefall in prices? The primary reason was the Asian Crisis which turned the anticipated soft landing into a painfully hard one. This was certainly not the fault of the government. If the government were to be faulted, it was in the fact that the policy, unlike the previous annual target of 81,000 units, was boldly pronounced on the first day of our return to Chinese rule. With a new team eager to demonstrate leadership, that is understandable. If not for the totally unexpected financial onslaught, the government may well be now credited for a bold and prudent initiative.
Some people say today that the government was too slow to recognize the problem. That too is unjustifiable. Even after residential prices fell by over 50%, society, including most if not all of our Legislators, was still pressuring the government to prevent the return of real estate speculation. Demands by developers to control land supply and to relax anti-speculation measures were chided as self-serving. Under those circumstances, could the government have contradicted popular demand and taken measures to support prices? The fact was that many of today s accusers were exactly the ones clamoring then for more land supply. It was precisely because certain quarters within government and that I believe included Mr. Tung Chee Hwa were beginning to realize the seriousness of the price drops that the government appeared to be wavering. It had to balance what they intuitively knew against uninformed and irrational voices of society.
Fortunately, in the past year or so, societal consensus had finally been forged. That gave the government the ground to take determined actions. As a result, the market began to improve.
Transaction volume has picked up as we await price stabilization if not appreciation. That should be good news for us, for our subsidiary HLP has almost 5,000 units to sell starting next 
In the longer run, many fundamental changes must take place in the property sector. In particular, the roles of critical players such as Housing Authority, Housing Society, the Urban Renewal Authority, and the two railway companies MTRC and KCRC which are big land owners and developers, must be redefined. Since new legislations will inevitably have to be enacted, let us hope that our Legislators who have been so wrong in recent years will do better in the future. It is always easy for politicians to condemn the government while conveniently exonerating themselves of blunders.
For now, we will concentrate our efforts on selling flats. The land costs of our projects are relatively low, and their locations, without exception, excellent. Consequently, they should bring good profit. As to our Hong Kong rental portfolio, I expect steady to slightly better results for the coming year. Shanghai should once again be the star performer and its relative importance to the group will grow further.
Ronnie C. Chan 
