To Our Shareholders, Many a time, the key to success depends on the interplay between decision-making and timing. It has long been the hope of mankind that any decisions can generate or bring forth positive outcome. In their co-published Theory of Games and Economic Behaviour in 1944, mathematician John von Neumann and economist Oskar Morgenstern proposed an interactive model based on mathematical theories to study how a rational person makes his most rational decision under intricate interactive behaviours. This analysis laid a foundation upon which Game Theory, a key tool for modern-day economic analysis, is based.
Life is, indeed, a game of choices. By intuition, experience or even emotion, people make their decisions, deriving success from correct choices and negative experience from ill-thought ideas. Whilst scientific calculation provides the best choice which is considered more appropriate, wideranging elements determine the behaviours of human decisions. Instead of employing common assessment standards to distinguish good decisions from bad ones and right decisions from wrong ones, sometimes it is merely a matter of discussions from different viewpoints and perspectives. Even for the same issue, the same entity may make bad choices for the first time and reach completely different decisions for the second time, with the application of experience, correction of methods, or even emergence of opportunities coming into play.
For decision-making in operating a modern-day enterprise, it is always contemplated in a leader s mind as to how to lead the team to step forward and bring them from their original points to a new horizon, making improvements and achievements together. Apart from detailed planning and adequate preparation, in order to achieve such a goal, the key is whether a leader possesses the commitment and boldness in making forward-looking decisions, and the decisiveness and flexibility in promptly correcting himself when facing hindrances and obstructions.
A battle is, in effect, a contest between two wills your own and that of the enemy general. The matter of decision is vital. The modern tendency is to avoid taking decisions, and to procrastinate in the hope that things will come out all right in the wash. , said Bernard Montgomery, a famous militarist, in his remarks on decision-making, which pinpointed bold decisions as the only elements enabling first-mover advantages and distinguished positions, and leading to greater foresight and greater steps ahead of 
Annual Report 2014 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 5 The Group has been under innovative development in recent years. The sound collaboration of the team has contributed to obvious accomplishments in uplifting the efficiency in operation, management as well as brand equity continuously. The bold decision-making and the great foresight of the management has also led the Group in establishing many of its milestones. For property sales in Hong Kong, for example, the Group managed to comprehend users preferences and grasp opportunities at different points of time by boldly launching a number of quality residential projects successively in response to market needs. That included Park Signature , which was the first large-scale residential project with more than 1,000 residential flats launched to the market after the implementation of the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance on 29 April 2013; and also included The Austin , a high-end project in South West Kowloon, which was completely sold within one month of its launch in the midst of a prevalent bearish market outlook on the property 
The management s outstanding execution capability and possessing of pioneering qualities have brought tremendous breakthroughs to the Group s market share in local residential property sales in Hong Kong. For FY2014, the Group s attributable contracted sale of residential properties reached an industry-leading amount of HK$20.6 billion, while its product quality and general quality attainment were highly recognised by professionals in a number of occasions.
The One Step Forward notion of New World has become intrinsic to the Group s core values as well as the working attitude of the team. Boldness in decision-making and flexibility in its management will enable the team to embrace each and every opportunity for development in future. Adhering to its creative and flexible mindset, the Group will work on the sound brand name of New World, deliver new living experience for residents, and maximise the interests of our stakeholders.
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry 
