Chairman s Statement Swire Pacifi c reported an attributable profi t in 2007 of HK$26,260 million compared to HK$22,566 million in 2006. Underlying attributable profi t, which primarily adjusts for net property revaluation gains, was HK$10,283 million, an increase of 18% on 2006, despite a HK$317 million reduction in capital profi ts. The increase in underlying profi t was driven by increased property rental income and exceptionally strong performances from the Group s aviation interests and Swire Pacifi c Offshore.
2007 has been a year of consolidation, with focus placed on developing our property footprint in key cities in Mainland China and integrating aviation interests following their reorganisation in 2006.
Swire Pacifi c Offshore and the Beverages Division both enjoyed signifi cant expansion in activity, with Swire Pacifi c Offshore reporting record profi ts on exceptionally strong demand for its services. Total investments of over HK$15,500 million were made in the year and a further HK$18,254 million was committed as at the year-end across all key areas of the Group.

The Directors have recommended fi nal dividends of HK233.0 per A share and HK46.6 per B share, which together with interim dividends paid in October 2007, amount to full year dividends of HK323.0 per A share and HK64.6 per B share.

In February 2007 Swire Properties completed the acquisition of a 1.3 million square foot retail development and a 99-room hotel under construction in Sanlitun, Beijing, for a consideration of RMB4,800 million.
In June 2007 agreement was reached with the Hong Kong Government to pay a lease modifi cation premium of HK$807 million to allow redevelopment of a site owned by the Group on Stubbs Road in Hong Kong as a 12-storey 
In November 2007 Swire Properties acquired the Tai Sang Commercial Building in Wanchai, Hong Kong, for HK$1,360 million.
In Feburary 2008 Swire Properties acquired a 50% joint-venture interest in a retail-led mixed-use development near Jiang Tai in the Chaoyang District of Beijing. The total investment by Swire Properties in the development is estimated to be approximately 
In August 2007 Swire Pacifi c Offshore acquired the trade and assets of Salvin Far East Pte Limited ( SFE ) resulting in an immediate and signifi cant expansion of its seismic exploration business.
Including those acquired with SFE, fi ve vessels were added to the fl eet in 2007 and four older vessels were sold.
In February 2007 the Group completed the sale of its interest in Shekou Container Terminals, realising a gain of HK$1,078 million.

Property rentals and occupancy levels in Hong Kong remained high during the year as a result of continued strong demand and the absence of signifi cant additional new supply. Swire Properties underlying attributable profi t grew by 7% as a result.
The Cathay Pacifi c group performed strongly in 2007, as additional frequencies and capacity coupled with continued robust passenger demand offset a weaker than expected cargo market. Synergies from the acquisition of Dragonair in September 2006 supported Cathay Pacifi c s results and added signifi cant connectivity benefi ts to users of the Hong Kong hub.
The HAECO group had a strong year, with robust demand fi lling expanded 
The Beverages Division recorded strong volume growth in Mainland China but high raw material costs continued to depress margins. However, a strong performance from the USA, with improved pricing, resulted in a small increase in overall earnings.
Swire Pacifi c Offshore had another outstanding year with record high charter rates and strong vessel 
Profi t from the Trading & Industrial Division fell by 10% in 2007. This was attributable to continued weak consumer sentiment in Taiwan which depressed sales at Taikoo Motors.

Net debt at the year-end was HK$22,492 million, an increase of HK$10,562 million from the start of the year as a result of new investments in property, vessels and repurchases of the Company s shares. Newly arranged debt facilities included a fi ve-year HK$10,000 million syndicated loan and HK$3,600 million of bilateral revolving credit facilities. Gearing rose during the year by 6.1 percentage points from 10.4% to 16.5%.

Swire Pacifi c s governance principles and the processes adopted to safeguard the interests of shareholders are set out on pages 53 to 65.

It is Swire Pacifi c s policy to adopt best practice in its relations with its stakeholders, including employees and the communities in which we are involved. We also acknowledge the need to protect the natural environment in which we operate. During 2007 the Group has formalised its framework around those areas, previously reported under corporate social responsibility , through the adoption of a Sustainable Development Policy. This is discussed on pages 75 to 81.

In Hong Kong Swire Properties will open the 70-storey One Island East offi ce building in Quarry Bay in the fi rst-half of 2008. The 350-room EAST hotel adjacent to the site is scheduled to be completed in 2009.
Re-development of 53 Stubbs Road has begun with completion expected 
Swire Properties retail and hotel development at Sanlitun in Beijing, its fi rst major development to be completed in Mainland China, will be opened progressively during 2008.
Construction of the mixed-use 3.6 million square foot development at TaiKoo Hui, Guangzhou, is progressing well, with completion expected in 2010.
In Shanghai, our joint-venture development at Dazhongli is at site- clearance stage, with completion expected in 2012.
Swire Hotels has been formed to create and manage small luxury hotels in Hong Kong and Mainland China, where the hotels will be an integral part of Swire Properties retail and offi ce developments, and in the United 
On completion of current developments, Swire Properties will have a property portfolio of over 15.5 million square feet in Hong Kong and 7.9 million square feet in Mainland China.
Cathay Pacifi c expects further synergies to be realised from its acquisition of Dragonair and opportunities arising from its cross-shareholding relationship with Air China continue to be explored.
Fuel prices are expected to remain high and the Aviation Division s profi tability remains sensitive to further increases.
Cathay Pacifi c and Dragonair are committed to signifi cant capacity expansion over the next fi ve years, with 51 aircraft currently on order.
Cathay Pacifi c is the subject of anti- trust investigations by competition authorities in various jurisdictions and is cooperating fully with the relevant authorities. Given the uncertainties surrounding these issues, no reliable estimate of any potential liability can be made at this time. Accordingly the matter is disclosed as a contingent liability in the accounts (see note 38c on page 134).
The HAECO group s prospects are good given expected robust demand for its core services and its capacity expansion programme in Hong Kong 
The Beverages Division is expected to continue to benefi t from sales growth in Mainland China. However, the division s margins will remain sensitive to pressure from high raw 
Swire Pacifi c Offshore is ideally placed to benefi t from continued robust demand for its services from the offshore oil and gas sector. The company has a total of 24 new vessels on order of which eight will be delivered in 2008.
The Trading & Industrial Division expects strong performances from its investments in ICI Swire Paints and CROWN Beverage Cans and a steady performance from its other businesses in 
Despite increased uncertainty about the strength of the global economy, the fundamentals of the Hong Kong and Mainland China economies remain strong. The Group is well placed to benefi t from this.
The continued prosperity of the Group could not have been achieved without the drive and dedication of our employees and I take this opportunity to express my gratitude to them.

Hong Kong, 6th March 2008 
