CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am honoured to have been appointed as Chairman and a non-executive director of the
Company in May 2008 and am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.
RESULTS
Profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2008 was
HK$27,602 million. This is an increase of 30 per cent over last year. Earnings per share
were HK$10.87, an increase of 27.6 per cent over last year. The profit attributable to the
Company’s shareholders for the year includes a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation)
on investment properties of HK$15,851 million (2007: HK$9,778 million). This unrealized
valuation gain represents 57 per cent (2007: 46 per cent) of the reported profit attributable to
the Company’s shareholders.
Underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders, excluding the effect of
fair-value changes on investment properties, was HK$12,186 million, an increase of six per
cent over last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$4.80, an increase of four per
cent over last year.
DIVIDEND
The directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.70 per share for
the year ended 30 June 2008. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.80 per share, the
dividend for the full year will be HK$2.50, an increase of nine per cent over last year.
PROPERTY SALES
Revenue from property sales for the year as recorded in the accounts, including revenue from
joint-venture projects, was HK$11,510 million, as compared to last year’s HK$16,883 million.
The Group sold and pre-sold an attributable HK$14,151 million of properties during the year,
as compared to HK$20,930 million in the previous year. Of this, sales in Hong Kong
contributed HK$13,074 million, mainly from Harbour Place in Kowloon, The Arch and
Harbour Green in West Kowloon and Severn 8 on The Peak. It also included HK$542
million from sales on the mainland, mainly from The Woodland in Zhongshan and Taihu
International Community in Wuxi, and HK$535 million from The Orchard Residences in
Singapore.
Land Bank
Four residential sites were added to the Group’s development land bank in Hong Kong during
the year through land use conversions and private negotiations. The total attributable gross
floor area was 420,000 square feet.
The Group had a Hong Kong land bank of 43 million square feet as at 30 June 2008,
consisting of 25.6 million square feet of completed investment properties and 17.4 million
square feet of properties under development. The Group holds more than 24 million square
feet of agricultural land in terms of site area. Most of the agricultural land is along rail lines
in the New Territories and is in the process of land use conversion. The Group will replenish
its development land bank through various means when appropriate opportunities arise.
Property Development
The residential market in Hong Kong remained relatively resilient despite volatilities in
financial markets. While the volume of transactions moderated in the past few months,
investors became less active. Strong affordability, negative real interest and attractive
mortgage rates relative to rents continued to support home purchases by end-users.
New supply in the primary market remained limited and inventory was close to record-low
levels. New land supply has also been limited so far this year, which will result in the tight
supply of new residential units continuing over the next few years.
In addition to developing high-quality projects with efficient layouts, deluxe clubhouses and
premium customer service, the Group is responding to an increasingly diverse homebuyer
profile by constantly introducing new ideas to a wide range of products to suit their evolving
needs and aspirations. The Cullinan at Kowloon Station will set a new standard for luxury
residences. The low-density Peak One in Sha Tin and the extensive greenery at La Grove in
Yuen Long are designed to give residents a relaxed lifestyle integrated with the natural
environment. The Group’s commitment to quality has earned widespread recognition from
the industry. It won prestigious grand awards in the residential and non-residential
categories of the Quality Building Award for the second time in a row with The Arch and the
Four Seasons Hotel from nine building-related professional bodies. The constant striving for
excellence has continued to strengthen the Group’s premium brand and its market leading
position.
The Group completed six projects in Hong Kong during the year with 2.5 million square feet
of attributable gross floor area. International Commerce Centre (ICC) Phase 1 and Kowloon
Commerce Centre Phase 1 are being kept as long-term investments.
Property Investment
The Group’s gross rental income for the year, including its share from joint-venture properties,
increased by 14.5 per cent to HK$8,262 million. Net rental income for the year was up 14.2
per cent to HK$5,992 million. Occupancy of the Group’s rental portfolio remains high at 94
per cent. Overall rental income growth was driven by higher lease renewals in the office
portfolio and stable growth in the retail portfolio.
The first phase of ICC was completed in late 2007 and the entire project will be finished in
2010. The excellent location and unparalleled transport connections are sure to make ICC a
prestigious business address in Hong Kong. ICC is above Kowloon Station on the Airport
Express. It offers exceptionally convenient access to Central and the airport, as well as to
the mainland via planned cross-border rail lines. In addition to the Elements shopping mall
that has become a major attraction since opening, the two deluxe hotels, Ritz Carlton and W
Hong Kong, together with the HarbourView Place serviced suites also complement ICC's
position as a new business hub.
The Group secured renowned international investment banks Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse
and Deutsche Bank to move their headquarters from Central to ICC. This will be the first
time Hong Kong has seen major investment banks based in Kowloon, making ICC an
extension of Central. In addition to the three banks, a number of other respected firms in
the financial sector have committed to taking up space.
Most of Millennium City 6 in Kowloon East is leased and other companies are near to
concluding negotiations for the remaining space. Superior quality and intelligent
infrastructure set the building apart as a premium office project in Kowloon. The first phase
of Kowloon Commerce Centre in Kwai Chung is leasing well with a number of well-known
companies having committed to taking up space. Construction of the second phase is under
way. The gradual completion of these new projects will take the Group’s total grade-A space
beyond ten million square feet by 2010, making it the largest prime office landlord in Hong
Kong.
The local retail sector continued to do well and the Group’s shopping centres attracted more
visitors, benefiting retail tenants with higher traffic and turnover. Occupancy of New Town
Plaza, APM and IFC mall remains high and they continue to be popular spots for locals and
tourists. The Group ensures that its shopping malls remain attractive by carrying out regular
renovations and refinements to tenant mixes. The first phase of converting offices in World
Trade Centre to retail space is finished and the second phase renewal of the facade is
scheduled for completion by the end of 2008. The expansion and renovation of the mall
added a substantial number of new retail tenants and enhanced its attraction. Other
refurbished malls include East Point City in Tseung Kwan O and Tsuen Wan Plaza.
The deluxe HarbourView Place serviced suites have attracted intense interest. The initial
release will be 70 units for lease. Its convenient location and range of unit sizes will meet
the high demand for luxury suite accommodation.
Land Bank
The Group added four new sites in Guangzhou, Suzhou, Nanjing and Chengdu to its mainland
land bank since July 2007, adding 12.4 million square feet of attributable gross floor area.
The Group’s mainland land bank currently has an attributable 56 million square feet. This
includes 53 million square feet that will be developed as high-end residences, serviced
apartments, top-grade offices, shopping malls and premium hotels. The remaining three
million square feet of completed investment properties, mainly offices and shopping centres
in prime locations, are being held for investment.
Property Development
Continued macro-economic control measures, including tight credit for the property sector,
weighed on the mainland residential market over the past year and market activity shrank.
High-quality projects in prime locations or close to city centres showed resilience.
The initial phase of Taihu International Community in Wuxi has been very popular since it
went on sale in 2007, and about 700 units have been sold to date. MIXC Residence in
Hangzhou is now on sale and the response has been encouraging.
A deluxe 1.7-million-square-foot residential development being planned in Wei Fong will set
new standards for luxury residences in Shanghai. Construction of other residential projects is
progressing smoothly, and work on Jovo Town in Chengdu has resumed following the
earthquake in May.
Property Investment
The Group’s mainland investment property portfolio showed good performance. Shanghai
Central Plaza was over 96 per cent let with reasonable rent increases, and Arcadia Shanghai
recorded further rent increases and satisfactory occupancy during the year.
The renovated Beijing APM has a large collection of modern international retailers and food
and beverage choices. It offers a new lifestyle and has become a prime choice for shoppers.
Rents have improved significantly after the renovations. The office towers have also been
renovated recently and they now offer a premium business environment for large corporations
and multinationals.
Major projects in prime cities are progressing on schedule. Shanghai IFC will have over
four million square feet of gross floor area and is set to be a spectacular new addition to the
city’s skyline with its cutting-edge architecture and construction quality. The first phase of
the development will have 900,000 square feet of offices and will house the mainland
headquarters of HSBC, a W Hotel and a prime shopping mall. Completion is scheduled for
the middle of 2009. The mall will be the finest shopping destination in Shanghai and market
response has been encouraging with interest from leading international retailers. The second
phase, which comprises the second office tower and a Ritz-Carlton Hotel, is scheduled for
completion by 2010.
Another major project on Huai Hai Zhong Road in the centre of the commercial and retail
zone in Puxi is under construction. It will contain 2.5 million square feet of attributable
gross floor area taken up by a mega-shopping mall, offices and deluxe residences.
Completion is planned in phases from mid 2010 to 2011. Marketing of the mall has started
and response has been very positive among international retailers.
The world-class ION Orchard shopping mall on Orchard Road in Singapore is expected to
open in mid 2009. Its prime location and innovative retail concept have attracted great
market interest. Pre-leasing has been encouraging, with numerous renowned international
retailers having committed to taking up space. The Group has 50 per cent interest in this
project.
Hotels
The Group’s Four Seasons, Royal Garden, Royal Plaza and Royal Park hotels recorded an
average occupancy of 92 per cent during the year, and room rates continued to rise. The
Royal View Hotel on the Ting Kau waterfront has been operating satisfactorily since it opened
in June last year. The W Hong Kong at Kowloon Station will offer guests a full range of
deluxe facilities and a chic style, while the luxury Kowloon Station Ritz-Carlton will be
completed in 2010. Construction of a hotel project in Tseung Kwan O and two premium
hotels in Shanghai IFC to be run by Ritz-Carlton and W Hotel is progressing smoothly.
Telecommunications and Information Technology
SmarTone
SmarTone registered an increase in service revenue and profit during the year, reflecting its
improving customer profile and average revenue per user. Data revenue showed
encouraging growth with the increasing popularity of multimedia services. The company
expanded beyond mobile during the year to provide innovative new services in the fixed-line
and broadband markets. These new moves are establishing the company as the
premium-quality provider of total communication services in Hong Kong. Though
competition is intensifying in the market, the Group is confident in SmarTone’s prospects
over time and will continue to hold the company as a long-term strategic investment.
SUNeVision
SUNeVision saw further revenue growth and profitability during the year. iAdvantage kept
strengthening its leading position in carrier-neutral data centre operation in Hong Kong and
on the mainland, achieving good occupancy. With its sound financial strength,
SUNeVision’s business performance for the coming year will be good.
Transportation and Infrastructure
Transport International Holdings
The bus operations of Transport International Holdings Limited (TIH) have faced a
challenging environment in Hong Kong as a result of intensifying competition from the
railways and rising fuel prices, wages and tunnel tolls. Sales of the Manhattan Hill
residential units helped strengthen TIH’s financial position. The TIH group will continue to
look for investment opportunities on the mainland in view of the positive outlook.
RoadShow Holdings, the TIH subsidiary in the media sales business, achieved satisfactory
results.
Other Infrastructure Businesses
The Wilson Group performed well during the year, while both the River Trade Terminal and
Airport Freight Forwarding Centre operated smoothly. Traffic on the Route 3 (Country Park
Section) remained steady. All the Group’s infrastructure projects are in Hong Kong, and
given their potential to generate strong cash flows over time, the Group will continue holding
them as long-term investments.
CORPORATE FINANCE
The Group has always been prudent in its financial policies, maintaining high liquidity and
low financial gearing. As at 30 June 2008, its net debt to shareholders’ funds stood at 15.3
per cent.
The Group placed 72.5 million shares in October 2007 at HK$150.75 per share, raising net
proceeds of HK$10,884 million. This put the Group in a better financial position for future
expansion both in Hong Kong and on the mainland.
A three-year RMB4,700 million syndicated term loan self-arranged by the Group at the most
competitive interest rate in January 2008 will help finance the construction of its Shanghai
IFC project. The Group also issued HK$1,940 million worth of bonds under its Euro
Medium Term Note Programme with terms of five to seven years in the past year, to diversify
its funding base and lengthen debt maturity profile. The Group has substantial undrawn
committed facilities that enable it to meet its current funding needs and future business
expansion.
The Group has minimal exposure to foreign exchange risk as most of its borrowings are in
Hong Kong dollars. The Group has not entered into any speculative derivative or structured
product transactions and has no collaterized debt obligations, off-balance-sheet or contingent
liabilities, except for borrowings by joint-venture companies. The Group has consistently
earned the highest credit ratings among Hong Kong developers; currently A1 with a stable
outlook from Moody’s and A with a stable outlook from Standard & Poor’s.
CUSTOMER SERVICE
An ongoing commitment to constantly improving standards of customer service sets the
Group apart. Its property management subsidiaries Hong Yip and Kai Shing provide the
finest customer care; surpassing the expectations of modern homebuyers and international
businesses. The two companies won numerous accolades during the year, and as they
expand on the mainland they will replicate this same high standard of service to reinforce
their reputation for quality.
The Group’s SHKP Club provides an effective link to the community and a channel for
two-way communication. The Club has over 270,000 members who have access to a variety
of property-related offers and shopping privileges, leisure and recreational activities, plus a
new SHKP Club Academy programme that encourages a healthy family life. The Club’s
co-brand VISA card also offers members a wide range of discounts and services.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
A reputation for high standards of corporate governance is one of the keys to the Group’s
success. The Group has a comprehensive set of mechanisms to ensure sound corporate
governance practices.
The board comprises directors who are respected leaders from various industries with
extensive professional and management expertise. There are sub-committees with
independent non-executive directors to monitor audit, remuneration and nominations. All of
the Group’s executive directors sit on its Executive Committee, which oversees business
operations supported by an experienced team of managers. Decisions are made in the best
interests of the Group and its shareholders after detailed discussion and study. This
decision-making mechanism, together with an effective internal control system, sets the
Group apart as a leading company.
To maintain a high level of transparency, the Group puts great emphasis on its proactive
investor relations programme and timely disclosure of information to the public and
shareholders through various channels.
The Group’s sophisticated management and good corporate governance are widely recognized
by the investment community. Some of the accolades received during the year included a
Best Corporate Governance in Asia award from Corporate Governance Asia magazine for the
third year running, Best Company for Corporate Governance in both Hong Kong and Asia
award from Asiamoney magazine and being named the Best Managed Property Company in
Asia and Hong Kong by Euromoney magazine and Hong Kong's Best Managed Company by
FinanceAsia magazine. The Group was also named number one Global Developer and
number one Developer in Hong Kong and Asia in the 2007 Liquid Real Estate awards. The
Group will continue its efforts to stay at the forefront of best corporate governance practices.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILTY
A well-entrenched sense of corporate social responsibility motivates the Group’s dedication to
community involvement and concern for the environment. The Group encourages staff
members to join its volunteer team to participate in various activities benefiting society. The
Group also contributes to a wide variety of charitable organizations and supports education.
It established the SHKP Book Club to promote a culture of reading in Hong Kong, and
continues to host its Nobel laureates lecture series. The Group acts on its concern for the
environment by following green practices in all aspects of its business from design and
sourcing to construction and property management, and these efforts have garnered extensive
praise.
The Group created a public City Art Square with a collection of pieces by artists from all over
the world in an initiative to boost Hong Kong’s standing as cultural centre in Asia. It was
also one of the two Beijing 2008 Olympic Games equestrian events supporters, and its Royal
Park Hotel served as the Olympic Village.
Believing that staff are the Group’s most valuable asset, it recruits top graduates from
respected universities and offers a broad range of training and development courses to all
employees to help them reach their full personal and professional potential and ensure the
continuity of its high-calibre management and corporate culture.
PROSPECTS
The year ahead is likely to remain challenging for the global economy in light of the
continuing credit crunch, high oil prices, concerns about inflation and weakness in the US
housing market. Coordinated policy responses by relevant authorities in the US and Europe
should help cushion the downside risk facing the global economy.
On the mainland, although downside risks to growth increase as a result of credit tightening
and moderation in exports, the Central government is expected to continue to strike a balance
between maintaining steady growth and keeping inflation under control. The success of the
Beijing Olympic Games has showcased China’s economic prosperity and reinforced its
position as a major player in the world economy. Given continuous inflows of foreign
investment, ongoing infrastructure spending, a competitive labour force and a huge consumer
market, the mainland economy will continue to grow at a relatively fast pace over the longer
term.
The Hong Kong economy is likely to advance modestly despite a challenging external
macro-environment. Consumer spending should hold steady amid a tight labour market and
the government’s relief package, and the tourist sector will benefit from increasing numbers
of mainland visitors.
Prospects for Hong Kong’s residential property market remain promising over the medium to
long term due to strong fundamentals and favorable demand and supply conditions.
Continuous economic growth, strong affordability for homebuyers, low mortgage interest
rates and higher rental yields relative to mortgage rates will underpin the demand for
residential properties. The supply of new private housing will also remain tight in the
coming years.
The Group will replenish its land bank in Hong Kong via various channels including
agricultural land conversion and private negotiations. New residential projects will go on
sale as planned.
The Group’s rental portfolio in Hong Kong should continue to do well, given anticipated rises
in rents on renewals and new leases. It currently has five million square feet of investment
property under development in Hong Kong, and these new projects, along with others on the
mainland, will substantially boost rental income over the medium to long term. The Group
will consider disposing of some non-core investment property assets to optimize the rental
portfolio.
The Group will maintain its consistent and focused approach to mainland business, with
emphasis on the prime cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen, as well as other
selected major cities. It remains confident in the prospects for the mainland’s property
sector and will continue to stick to its strategy of raising its committed investments on the
mainland to 30 per cent of total assets. With its strong financial position, the Group will take
advantage of current market conditions to look for attractive investment opportunities as
appropriate.
Major residential projects in Hong Kong to go on sale in the next nine months include Peak
One in Sha Tin, The Cullinan at Kowloon Station and La Grove in Yuen Long. Barring
unforeseen circumstances, the results for the coming financial year are expected to be
satisfactory.
Walter Kwok Ping-sheung ceased to be Chairman and Chief Executive of the Company
during the year and has been redesignated a non-executive director. As the new chairman, I
have full confidence in the Group, given its fundamental strengths and outstanding
management team. I would like to reaffirm that the Group will adhere to its current business
strategies and continue progressing with high standards of corporate governance. I believe
that by building on these solid foundations, the Group will reach new heights in the future.
APPRECIATION
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for
their guidance, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Kwong Siu-hing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 11 September 2008