Chairman s Statement 8 SUN HUNG KAI PROPERTIES LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 201314 We are pleased to present our report to the shareholders.

The Group s underlying profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2014, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, amounted to HK$21,415 million, compared to HK$18,619 million last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$7.95, compared to HK$7.05 last year.
Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company s shareholders were HK$33,520 million and HK$12.45 respectively for the year under review, compared to HK$40,329 million and HK$15.28 last year. The reported profit included an increase in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and non-controlling interests of HK$12,838 million, compared to HK$23,281 million last year.

The directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$2.40 per share for the year ended 30 June 2014. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.95 per share, the dividend for the full year will be HK$3.35 per share, the same as last year.

Property Sales and Rental Income 
Revenue from property sales for the year under review as recorded in the financial statements, including revenue from joint-venture projects, was HK$36,330 million. Profit generated from property sales was HK$10,511 million, as compared to last financial year s HK$7,190 million. Contracted sales for the financial year amounted to HK$27,778 million in attributable terms, versus last year s HK$32,905 million.

The Group s rental income kept growing steadily during the year. Gross rental income, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose 15% to HK$18,489 million, and net rental income increased 17% to HK$14,272 million.
The healthy growth was driven by continuing positive rental reversions, both in Hong Kong and on the mainland, and contributions from new 
Property Business Hong Kong 
E i g h t s i t e s were added t o t h e G r o u p s development land bank during the year and the sites aggregate gross floor area amounted to about three million square feet in attributable terms. These include seven sites primarily for residential development and a site for data centre acquired by the Group s subsidiary SUNeVision.
Site details are shown in the following table.
The Group s total land bank in Hong Kong amounted to 46.9 million square feet as at the end of June 2014, comprising 28.7 million square feet of completed investment properties and 18.2 million square feet of properties under development. In addition, the Group also held about 27 million square feet of farmland in terms of site area in the New Territories, most of which are along existing or planned railway lines and under various stages of land use 
In July this year, the Group won the tenders to develop two sites adjacent to the Hong Kong Wetland Park in Tin Shui Wai. These large-scale developments will together provide over 2,500 residential units with a gross floor area of about 2.3 million square feet, mostly small- to medium-sized apartments with a number of town houses. Following these acquisitions, the Group s total land bank in Hong Kong further increased to 49.2 million square feet.

Performance of the residential market in Hong Kong has been improving since the second quarter of 2014. While primary market transactions remained at a healthy level, activity in the secondary market rebounded meaningfully. This improvement was underpinned by solid end-user demand with continuing income growth, positive demographics, reasonable homebuyer affordability and low mortgage interest rate.
The Group achieved contracted sales of over HK$20,000 million in Hong Kong during the year. Major residential projects sold included The Cullinan at Kowloon Station, Century Gateway II in Tuen Mun, Riva in Yuen Long, Mount One in Fanling, Imperial Kennedy in Kennedy Town and The Seafront in Tsing Lung Tau. The first batch of offices in the 64.3%-owned One Harbour Square in Kwun Tong up for sale in April this year has been well received by the market. Another office building recently launched, W50 in Wong Chuk Hang, saw overwhelming market response with virtually all office space already sold out.
The positive sales response to the Group s projects has reflected the market s appreciation of its commitment to quality and excellence.
Persistent efforts to add values to projects by optimizing layouts, design, flat mix, and synergy among projects, have a l l served to boost customer satisfaction and increase profit margins for developments. Meanwhile, measures have been taken in recent years to reduce the impact of rising construction costs while maintaining the quality of developments.
Nine projects were completed during the year, with 2.8 million square feet of attributable gross floor area in Hong Kong. These comprised 2.5 million square feet of residential properties and close to 200,000 square feet of quality offices for sale, together with some 110,000 square feet of 
The Group s investment properties in Hong Kong with a gross floor area of over 28.7 million square feet continued to contribute significantly to its recurrent income. The majority of these quality developments are strategically located along railway lines across the territory, catering to the distinctive needs of a wide range of tenants. This well-diversified portfolio continued to deliver healthy performance with positive rental reversion and sustained high average occupancy rate at 95%. The Group s gross rental income from Hong Kong, including contributions from join-venture projects, was up 10% to HK$14,673 million for the year under review.

The Group has maintained a leading role in Hong Kong s retail leasing market, owning and managing over ten million square feet of premium retail space.
The portfolio s extended reach covers both populous and tourism-focused areas. Mall upgrades and tenant mix refinements have consistently helped to better serve the changing spending pattern of shoppers. These coupled with tactical marketing campaigns have enabled the Group s major malls to outperform the overall market in terms of retail sales growth despite a slowdown in the sector. Positive rental reversion was also achieved with occupancies remaining firm at high levels for the year under review.
Over the years, the Group has developed highly regarded regional malls in Hong Kong, serving neighborhood communities and visitors. With sustained local demands, these malls performed well during the year under review, including New Town Plaza, Tai Po Mega Mall and East Point City. The Group has also developed iconic developments with meaningful retail leasing exposure in Hong Kong s traditional shopping districts. Situated at the heart of Central, IFC Mall on Hong Kong Island is the preferred destination of premium spending for locals and tourists and recorded satisfactory rental growth. In Tsim Sha Tsui, The Sun Arcade facing the famed Canton Road has continued to see good performance.
V City along the West Rail was opened in August 2013, strengthening the Group s retail leasing portfolio by further penetrating the populous New Territories West. This fully-leased shopping mall with 270,000 square feet of retail area experienced stronger-than-expected growth in traffic and tenant sales, leveraging not only on its easily accessible location, but also on its appealing lifestyle concept. Tenants including eateries, flagship stores and other retailers, many of which are new to Tuen Mun, have attracted many young local people and families as well as tourists to this fresh stomping ground in Tuen 
Considerable efforts have been made to upgrade shopping malls and thereby enhance shopping experience. The second-phase reconfiguration of Grand Century Place in Mong Kok is underway and is scheduled for completion in 2015. The re-positioned retail hub with a new style will offer clustered fashionable stores on dedicated theme floors, and is expected to drive up rental income upon the completion of the renovation. A large-scale upgrade has been planned to sharpen the competitive edge of APM in Kowloon East.
This regional mall presents a promising prospect, since Kowloon East is being transformed into another core business district for the territory. Another major renovation, at Metroplaza in Kwai Fong, will commence later this year, further optimizing its interior layouts.
The Group s collection of shopping centres in the pipeline will reinforce its status as a leading retail landlord in Hong Kong. A mall at YOHO Midtown scheduled to open in 2015 is one of the core parts of YOHO Mall, the largest shopping complex in the northwest New Territories upon full completion.
The YOHO Midtown mall will be positioned as a premium shopping centre with duplex features and al fresco dining areas. Around 135,000 square feet of retail space to be developed at North Point waterfront with unobstructed harbour views will synergize with the residences on top and an adjacent hotel under development by the Group. The Nam Cheong Station project with about 300,000 square feet of retail space to be constructed at a transportation interchange hub for West Kowloon will strengthen the Group s shopping mall portfolio on completion.

The Group s large variety of premium office properties, mostly located in close proximity to railway lines and totalling around ten million square feet, generated a satisfactory result for the year under review. Occupancies stayed at high levels with healthy, positive rental reversions. With decades of experience, the Group strives to maintain its leading role in the Hong Kong office leasing market through sustainable, long term relationships with 
The office leasing market in Central has stabilized, with increased interests from mainland financial institutions. The Group s world-renowned International Finance Centre with superior building specifications and excellent management services remains the prestigious choice for corporate headquarters and recorded a rise in occupancies for the year under review.
Across Victoria Harbour, International Commerce Centre is another prestigious office tower in Hong Kong, served by comprehensive auxiliary facilities in the neighborhood. Robust rental reversion was seen during the year under review. This high-grade building will continue to see growth potential for rental income amid keen interests from international and mainland financial institutions, some of which arising from relocation and expansion demands.
The Group s office portfolio in decentralized areas performed well during the year with positive rental reversion, undeterred by modestly increased competition in Kowloon East. New tenants joining the Millennium City portfolio in Kowloon East include both multinationals and local enterprises, contributing to the good performance of the grade-A office cluster for the year under review. The distinction of offering single-owned and professionally managed offices has proved to be favoured by valued tenants.
Other prime office properties in decentralized areas, including Grand Central Plaza in Sha Tin and Metroplaza in Kwai Fong, continued to attract quality tenants from diversified industries.
The Group continuously evaluates and devises upgrading plans for its office portfolio to enhance its competitiveness and to better serve its tenants.
The latest initiative finalized is to renovate Central Plaza in Wan Chai North, the iconic skyscraper that houses multinational companies and financial institutions, and this will further strengthen its preeminent position in the district.
Property Business Mainland 
During the year, the Group acquired a site in Shanghai with 7.6 million square feet of gross floor area to develop the Xujiahui Centre integrated project. The Group held an attributable 84.3 million square feet of land bank on the mainland as at the end of June 2014. Properties under development amounted to 74.8 million square feet, of which over 60% will be high-end residences and serviced apartments. The Group also held 9.5 million square feet of completed investment properties on the mainland, comprising mainly premium offices and shopping centres at prime locations in first-tier cities.

Following strong growth in prices and transactions for 2013, the residential markets on the mainland entered a consolidation period in early 2014 with notable drops in activity due mainly to tight mortgage credit conditions.
Home prices in first-tier cities remained relatively resilient in the first half of 2014 on the back of low inventory level and solid end-user demand, but home prices in lower-tier cities saw more signs of softening.
Despite the challenging market environment on the mainland, the Group achieved property sales of over RMB5,600 million, equivalent to over HK$7,000 million, in the year under review. This was contributed mainly by the sales of the wholly-owned luxury units in Shanghai Arch in Lujiazui, the 70%-owned Phase 1B of premium homes in Forest Hills and the 33.3%-owned grade-A office space in Top Plaza in Guangzhou. The 80%-owned Oriental Bund in Foshan was put up for sale in April 2014, with its shops at the commercial street quickly 
The Group completed ten residential projects on the mainland during the year, with about 4.3 million square feet of attributable gross floor area.

Rental income from mainland investment properties continued to achieve solid growth and became a meaningful contributor to the Group s rental business. For the year under review, the Group s gross rental income from the mainland, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 51% to HK$3,113 million, mainly driven by positive rental reversions, higher rents for new leases and new contribution from Shanghai IAPM mall.
As part of the Group s flagship Shanghai ICC integrated project in Puxi, the 1.3-million-square-foot IAPM mall is fully let. The mall promotes a new lifestyle and late-night shopping concept in Shanghai, and houses popular brands and fine restaurants over eight levels, some of which are new to the mainland and Shanghai. The mall has attracted large numbers of patrons looking for a new shopping experience and enjoyment. Tenant sales performance has been picking up satisfactorily since opening. Offices at Two ICC are scheduled to be completed in 2015 and pre-leasing has started with positive responses from noted multinational corporations, professional firms and high-end cosmetic brands. Occupancy at One ICC stayed high with many reputable international 
Shanghai IFC in Pudong, another flagship integrated projects of the Group, has established its outstanding brand recognition among tenants, shoppers and tourists. The fully-let Shanghai IFC Mall offers a comprehensive and unique brand mix within different themed shopping zones. With the mall connecting to Lujiazui metro station, high pedestrian flows have been recorded. Encouraging rental reversion has been achieved throughout the year despite a slowdown in the retail market, particularly the luxury segment.
Renovation work on the open area is scheduled to be completed by the end of this year to provide customers with a better shopping experience.
The two office towers registered high occupancy as they remain one of the most prestigious business addresses for major financial institutions, being advantageously located in the Lujiazui finance and trade zone.
The Group s 7.6-million-square-foot Xujiahui Centre project in Xuhui district in Shanghai, with direct access to Xujiahui metro station connecting three major transit lines, will be developed into an integrated project with concept and scale comparable to Shanghai IFC and Shanghai ICC. The project consists of about four million square feet of premium offices, around three million square feet of high-end retail space and a luxury hotel across four land lots, of which the biggest piece is situated along the bustling Hongqiao Road and will house a large-scale premium shopping centre. The majority of the floor area, including the shopping centre, will be held as a long-term investment to contribute rental income growth for the Group in future. Based on the finalized master layout plan, the project will be developed in phases and the quality offices located at the core of Huashan Road will be the first batch of office space put up for sale. Following the success of Shanghai IFC and Shanghai ICC, Xujiahui Centre project will become another iconic, integrated development in Shanghai and help further bolster the Group s strong presence in the city upon completion.
Beijing APM is at the heart of Wangfujing with connection to a planned metro station exit. New fashion brands and popular restaurants have been introduced to the mall, leading to the further enhancement of footfall. The next phase of facelift will include the addition of new beauty zone and kid s zone to attract young shoppers.
Sun Dong An Office Tower was virtually fully leased and solid rental growth was achieved during the year under review.
The Group is building on its experience in Hong Kong of extensive mall development to enhance its expanding retail network on the mainland. In Guangzhou, the 50%-owned Parc Central on the vibrant Tianhe Road will be served by a comprehensive transport network. The 900,000-square-foot mall is scheduled to open in 2015 and has received an encouraging preleasing response. The mall at the 33.3%-owned Tianhui Plaza with one million square feet of retail space is expected to open in 2016. Located in the central business district of Zhujiang New Town and adjacent to the Liede metro station, the shopping mall will have a wide selection of the latest luxury goods under one roof to attract executives, business travellers and high-spending residents. The mainland rental portfolio will give an added boost to the Group s recurring income as those shopping malls are gradually completed.
Going forward, the investment property portfolio on the mainland will be a more notable growth engine for the Group.

The Group s hotel portfolio in Hong Kong saw its average occupancy and revenue per available room climb further amid a healthy operating environment with rising visitor arrivals during the year under review.
The Group s luxury hotels in Hong Kong, including Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong and W Hong Kong, delivered encouraging performances with increased room rates and occupancies during the year under review. Entering the maturation period after three years of operation, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong performed particularly well. The Group s four Royal brand hotels witnessed their combined occupancy rate sustain at a high level and their total revenue rose from the past financial year as Royal Plaza Hotel resumed its full operating capacity after the completion of internal renovation. Into the second year of operation, Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East and Holiday Inn Express Hong Kong Kowloon East saw respectable growth in their businesses, underpinned by growing number of guests on repeated visits.
The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong posted decent business growth with steadily increasing occupancy during the year under review and its revenue per available room has risen to among the highest in the city. The hotel s food and beverage business continued to perform well and the wedding business also saw satisfactory growth.
The Group will continue to expand its hotel portfolio in the coming years. In Hong Kong, the foundation work has commenced for a waterfront hotel in North Point, while the construction of a premium hotel in Sha Tin is set to begin soon. Construction of a hotel in Guangzhou as a part of the Tianhui Plaza integrated project is proceeding well and is slated for completion in financial year 201516.
Telecommunications and Information Technology 
SmarTone registered a modest increase in local mobile service revenue net of handset subsidy amortization amid fierce market competition in the year under review. However, this was not sufficient to offset the continuing structural decline in the roaming business, increases in operating costs and depreciation and lower profit from handset business. To improve its offerings to customers, the company has introduced innovative services and re-entered the fixed broadband market. The Group remains confident in SmarTone s prospects and will continue to hold the company as a long-term investment.

SUNeVision maintained a stable growth in profitability during the year with its data centre as a core business. A site was acquired in Tseung Kwan O with a view to building a new high-tier data centre. Scheduled for completion in 2017, the data centre is expected to further enhance business growth and generate better returns for shareholders. The new centre will enhance its capacity to meet customer needs in location, space and service quality.
SUNeVision will continue to seek business development opportunities to bolster its position as a major carrier-neutral data centre service provider in 
Infrastructure and other business The Group s infrastructure and transport businesses continued to see decent performance. The performance of the Wilson Group remained satisfactory, while Route 3 (Country Park Section) benefitted from a steady increase in traffic throughout the year. Similarly, the growth of business travel was reflected in the healthy performance of the Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre. Growth in air freight and sustained domestic demand for warehouse space resulted in continued revenue growth at the Airport Freight Forwarding Centre, although throughput at the River Trade Terminal was affected by sluggish maritime trade.

The Group continues to abide by its prudent financial discipline and is in robust financial position. After full payment of the land premium for the Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai, the Group s net debt to shareholders funds as at 30 June 2014 stood at a healthy level of 15.7%.
The Group maintains long and established relationship with banks as evidenced by encouraging responses to its syndicated loans.
During the year under review, the Group raised a RMB4,900 million three-year syndicated term loan on the mainland in December 2013 and a HK$14,000 million five-and-a-half-year term loan revolving syndicated credit facility in January 
Supported by the Group s strong credit profile and solid performance, the Group continues to attain credit ratings of A1 with stable outlook from Moody s and A+ with negative outlook from Standard & Poor s. These credit ratings are the highest among Hong Kong property companies.
Leveraging on the high credit ratings, the Group successfully extended its debt maturity profile by issuing a SGD320 million seven-year bond, a HK$300 million ten-year bond and a US$400 million ten-year bond that will be callable in February 2019 and every six months thereafter. All these bonds are issued under the Group s Medium Term Notes Programme, with overwhelming 
A majority of the Group s borrowings was denominated in Hong Kong dollars, while the remainder was primarily in US dollars and Renminbi. As in the past, the Group has not entered into any derivatives or structured-product transactions for speculative purposes.

A commitment to high standards of corporate governance has allowed the Group to grow from a solid foundation. This has been achieved through an effective Board of Directors, a sound and effective internal control system, prompt disclosure of information, as well as particular emphasis on its proactive investor-relations programme.
The Board comprises 20 Directors, seven of whom are Independent Non- Executive Directors (INEDs). The Board directs and oversees the Group s strategies with the support of Board Committees. All Executive Directors and three senior executives sit on the Executive Committee that formulates business policies and makes key business decisions. The Audit, Nomination and Remuneration Committees are all chaired by INEDs to ensure the Group s strategies are duly implemented. The Board also maintains and assesses the effectiveness of the Group s internal control system through regular reviews conducted by the Audit Committee, the management team and both internal and external auditors.
The Group takes a proactive approach to maintaining interactive communications with stakeholders, including investors, analysts, credit agencies and the media. Corporate information is disseminated on a timely basis to ensure transparency. In addition to regular meetings and conference calls, the Group also hosts overseas non-deal road shows and participates frequently in large-scale investor conferences to further enhance communication with both equity and fixed income investors worldwide.
The Group s quality management and good corporate governance are widely recognized by the investment community. Accolades received during the year include an award for Best Overall in Hong Kong and Asia at the Corporate Governance Poll of Polls by Asiamoney magazine and Best Managed Company in the Real EstateProperty Sector in Asia from Euromoney magazine. The Group was named Overall Best Real Estate Company in Asia by FinanceAsia magazine, and received recognitions for Best Investor Relations, Best Corporate Social Responsibility, Best Environmental Responsibility and Best Corporate Communications Team in Hong Kong from Corporate Governance 
The Group s belief in Building Homes with Heart has always transcended quality construction projects, aiming to also work for the betterment of society as a whole. Customers are the priority while an emphasis is placed on staff care. The Group s three-pronged approach to corporate social responsibility reading and holistic development, healthy and sustainable living, and care for the underprivileged provides a positive force encouraging the whole community s wellbeing.
The Group published the 201213 SHKP Sustainability Report, following the latest G4 guidelines from the Global Reporting Initiative, an organization that develops the internationallyrecognized standard for sustainability reporting.
The Group is the first Hong Kong developer to follow this new international standard. While it continues to be a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index launched in 2010, the Group is progressing well in developing a data management system for more efficient and effective data tracking, monitoring and analysis related to its sustainability commitments.
With customers central to its business, the Group s dedication to quality extends beyond the construction and delivery of possession, to comprehensive after-sales services. Property management subsidiaries Hong Yip and Kai Shing offer premium customer care, while constantly exploring new ways to enhance service quality.
Meanwhile, shopping mall and office tenant care programmes and concierges services continue to play a key role in ensuring an excellent retail, commercial and shopping experience.
The Group values two-way communication with customers. Members of the management team visit residents and commercial tenants to listen to their views. The SHKP Club, Hong Kong s largest property membership club, maintains close and long-term relationships with its over 330,000 members, and offers property-related services and privileges through its hotlines, digital platforms, events and workshops.
With over 37,000 employees, the Group believes its most valuable asset is its talent. The SHKP Quality Academy was launched in 2013 as part of its Quality Campaign aimed at ensuring the delivery of top quality products and services by its high-calibre teams. The Academy provides a continuous training and development opportunity for staff through tailor-made courses delivered by experts from diverse disciplines. The Group also maintains ties with retired staff through regular activities organized by the SHKP Evergreen Club, which celebrated its tenth anniversary this year.
In March 2014, the Group hosted its first career expo offering over 1,000 employment opportunities for young people with candidates from different backgrounds. Also in March, in collaboration with the Hong Kong Federation of Youth Groups, the Group launched the SHKP SDU Trainee Programme to offer one-year placement opportunities to sub-degree graduates. The Group has also continued with its Modern Apprenticeship Programme and the Apprentice Training Programme.
Established in December 2013, the SHKP Reading Club s mission is to promote appreciation and joy of reading in the community. It is a free platform for the Hong Kong public to participate in seminars with celebrity speakers, reading and writing workshops and guided tours aimed at making reading a fun and 
With greater emphasis on healthy and sustainable living, the 2013 Race to ICC-100 SHKP Vertical Run for the Chest was elevated to the international sporting stage as the grand finale of the 2013 Vertical World Circuit. The event attracted 23 world-class elite athletes racing for the world title and drew heavy public participation with over 1,000 runners. The Group considers protecting the environment essential to sustainable living. The sustainability message is encouraged not only for staff, families and friends, but also for students through different educational materials and through tours under the Love 
With care for the underprivileged a core focus of its corporate social responsibility efforts, the Group launched a new community programme in collaboration with a number of NGOs, providing the underprivileged with complimentary visits to Sky100 Hong Kong Observation Deck and Noah s Ark Hong Kong. Meanwhile, the Building Homes with Heart Caring Initiative continued to spread love and care to over 20,000 individuals, including seniors, new immigrants, ethnic minorities, the disabled, single parents, and low-income families during the year under review.

The global economy is expected to proceed on a firmer footing for the year ahead on the back of broadening recovery in the US and stabilizing growth in the mainland economy. Although the US Federal Reserve is poised to end its asset purchase programme soon and geo-political risks in some regions are likely to linger, relatively loose monetary conditions are widely expected to be maintained in major developed economies for an extended period, lending support to a more solid recovery in the world economy.
The growth of the mainland economy i s expected to stabilize further with the help of a series of easing measures on a selective basis.
The economy will also show more balanced growth with the focus of economic development shifting from speed to quality. Consolidation in residential markets in mainland cities that started in the first half of 2014 is expected to continue in the coming months, but transaction volumes are likely to improve on the back of loosening mortgage credit conditions and selective relaxation of property measures. In addition, growing household income and a shift to a more consumption-driven development model will bode well for premium retail space demand over time. The Group remains confident in the prospects for the mainland economy and its property sector over the medium to long term.
Hong Kong s economic fundamentals are expected to stay healthy despite the recent slowdown in retail sales and public debate over the future political system. A mildly improving export outlook, continuing infrastructure works and solid consumption demand underpinned by low unemployment should steer the economy to show modest growth. In Hong Kong s residential sector, solid end-user demand for small- to medium-sized units and the prevailing low interest rate environment coupled with reasonable affordability should help sustain transactions at healthy levels, particularly in the primary market. However, the stringent housing measures in place will continue to restrain demand from investors and non-local purchasers. Private residential completions are likely to remain limited in the near future, as gradually increasing land supply will take time to translate into completed housing 
With adequate saleable resources including more small-to medium-sized units available for sale both in Hong Kong and on the mainland, the Group will continue to launch projects on the market when they are ready. In addition to the recently launched The Wings IIIA in Tseung Kwan O which received positive market responses, major residential projects in Hong Kong to be launched in the next nine months include The Wings IIIB, Phase 1 of the Tung Chung project and Deauville in Tsuen Wan West. Major mainland projects to be offered for sale include quality offices in Forest Hills in Guangzhou near the Guangzhou-Hong Kong through-train station, luxury units at Shanghai Cullinan as part of the Shanghai ICC integrated project and a batch of new units with spectacular views of the Bund at Shanghai Arch in Lujiazui.
The sizable investment property portfolio of the Group is expected to fare well in the coming year with continuous positive rental reversions and sustained high occupancies, both in Hong Kong and on the mainland. The portfolio will also be further enhanced with the continuous additions of new projects. The Group will constantly review its investment properties and institute various improvements including repositioning tenant mixes, and renovating and upgrading buildings to optimize its portfolio. At the same time, the Group will continue to review options for the disposal of non-core properties.
The Group s shopping mall network will continue to expand. In Hong Kong, a mall at YOHO Midtown is scheduled to open in 2015, as part of a mega mall in Yuen Long. In addition, shopping malls under development include a waterfront retail project beneath a residential development in North Point and a shopping centre underneath a large-scale residential project at the Nam Cheong Station. In Guangzhou, Parc Central, a shopping mall in the core business district of Guangzhou, will be completed in 2015. This, together with a mall at the Tianhui Plaza in the Zhujiang New Town, will help the Group establish a strong foothold in the retail leasing market in the Pearl River Delta.
In Shanghai, the shopping mall being planned as part of the large-scale Xujiahui Centre project in Xuhui, upon completion, will further enhance the area as a premier shopping destination in the city.
The mainland investment property portfolio will be an increasingly important source of growth for the Group in the foreseeable future. The Xujiahui Centre project in Shanghai, when completed, will further boost the Group s leadership role in the commercial leasing market in this financial hub, given that the Group already has two very successful flagship projects Shanghai IFC and Shanghai ICC operating in the city. Over the next few years, the Group s total floor area of completed investment properties on the mainland is likely to increase markedly, particularly in Shanghai. The share of rental income from the mainland in the Group s overall rental revenue will also increase over time.
The Group s hotel business is expected to continue to grow with the projects opened over recent years continuing to see their business pick up. The hotel portfolio of the Group will further strengthen as there are a number of projects being planned and developed both in Hong Kong and on the mainland, including a waterfront hotel in North Point in Hong Kong that has recently begun construction. This expanding hotel network will create more synergy with the Group s other property businesses and enhance the Group s recurring income over time.
The Group is committed to achieving a balance between earnings from property sales and investment properties. The continuing cash flows from property sales and rental income will help the Group capture appropriate business opportunities while maintaining the gearing at a healthy level. With a large land bank sufficient for at least five years development, the Group will be able to increase production volume over time. The Group will continue to acquire land particularly in Hong Kong where there is a gradually increasing land supply, and adhere to a selective approach when expanding on the mainland, focusing mainly on first-tier cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. The Group will continue to produce premium products that best suit customer preference, particularly small- to medium-sized units both in Hong Kong and on the mainland. Greater effort will be applied to controlling construction costs while maintaining the quality of its products and services. Savings will be achieved through more cost-effective designs while maximizing the economies of scale resulting from the Group s extensive 
Over the past several decades, the Group has built its businesses on increasingly strong foundations. A strong balance sheet with high liquidity, a well-respected brand that has earned the trust of customers, and a corporate culture that emphasizes Building Homes with Heart and continuous learning, are the central characteristics. Time-tested strategies, in particular prudent financial management discipline, enable continuous business development in times of both prosperity and downturn. The seasoned, professional and longserving management team working together with the stable and devoted staff has continued to strengthen the Group s competitive advantage. The Group also maintains a high level of corporate governance and sound management structure. With these robust foundations, the Group is well positioned to secure business opportunities and overcome challenges even in the face of uncertainties.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group s results for the coming financial year are expected to be satisfactory.

