Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the year ended 30 June 2008.

The Group remains committed to expanding its business in Hong Kong and mainland China concurrently over the long term, with an important portfolio of iconic development projects steadily coming on line in both markets in the years ahead. Our expanding and popularly received portfolio of iconic development projects in both markets attests to the Group s tried and tested mix of innovative design, high quality construction and property management, and community 
In Hong Kong, completed projects which have received wide acclaim include the ifc complex in Central, Th e Beverly Hills, Grand Promenade and Grand Waterfront.
In addition, new projects such as 39 Conduit Road and Sha Tin Town Lot 539 are coming on stream. Th e Group holds the largest agricultural land bank of all property developers in Hong Kong and the land use conversion of two of these land parcels located at Wu Kai Sha and Tai Tong, Yuen Long respectively is also expected to be completed in the 
In mainland China, the Group has injected substantial resources into expanding its property development activities, with a development portfolio of landmark projects in many major cities.
Th ese include the soon-to-be completed Beijing World Financial Centre, the international Grade-A offi ce buildings 688 Nanjing Road West & 155 Nanjing Road East in Shanghai and Northeast China s tallest building, Shenyang International Finance Centre, which are now in the pipeline. Large-scale residential projects are being built across various provincial cities, among which, project in Xian is planned for pre-sale by the end of this year, with a number of other projects in Changsha, Suzhou, Yixing and Xuzhou to follow suit in the fi rst half of 2009.
This strategy of ongoing, concurrent expansion of the Group s business in Hong Kong and mainland China has resulted in further diversification of the Group s stable and growing income source, positioning the Group to face the future with confi dence.
During the year, the Group was again very actively committed to community initiatives in both Hong Kong and mainland China. In a year when the world was gearing up to focus attention on celebrating the 2008 Beijing Olympics (which the Group strongly supported), special mention must be made of the tragic and sudden earthquake in Sichuan Province and the neighbouring regions of mainland China. Th e Group, its employees, and those of our associated company, Th e Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ), played an active role among Hong Kong organizations in urgently mobilizing signifi cant resources in cash and in kind, as well as materials and personnel to support the disaster relief work.
Profi t and Net Assets Attributable to Shareholders The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 30 June 2008 amounted to HK$15,472 million, representing an increase of HK$5,654 million or 58% over that for the previous year. Earnings per share were HK$7.54 
The underlying profit for the year, excluding the revaluation surplus of investment properties (net of deferred tax), was HK$5,707 million, a decrease of HK$176 million or 3%. Based on the underlying profi t, the earnings per share were HK$2.78 (2007: HK$3.11).
Included in the results for the previous year was a total non-recurrent income of HK$938 million made up of the excess, amounting to HK$352 million, of the fair values of net assets comprised in the companies acquired from Henderson Investment Limited during that year over the consideration paid, and the Group s share of gain of HK$586 million arising from the disposal of ten piped-city gas projects by an associate. After excluding such non-recurrent income, the adjusted underlying profit for the previous year was HK$4,945 million, while the adjusted earnings per share were HK$2.61. A comparison of the underlying profit for the year with that for the previous year (adjusted as above mentioned) shows an increase for the year of HK$762 million or 15% in underlying profit and of 7% in earnings per share. The improvement in underlying profit was the result of higher profi t contributions from property development as well as the steady increase in net rental income from investment 
At 30 June 2008, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$121,220 million (or HK$56 per share), 31% higher than the amount of HK$92,219 million a year earlier. Net debt amounted to HK$19,951 million and the gearing ratio was at a prudent level of 16.5%.

Your Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of HK$0.70 per share to Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 8 December 2008. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.40 per share already paid, the total distribution for the full year will amount to HK$1.10 per share (2007: HK$1.10 per share). Warrants for the fi nal dividend will be sent to Shareholders on or before 10 December 2008.
Business Review Hong Kong 
Consecutive interest rate cuts, improved housing affordability and the influx of mainland buyers resulted in a property price rally in Hong Kong in the run-up from the fourth quarter of 2007 to early 2008, after which the overall market sentiment was dampened by stock market volatilities and the uncertain outlook for the global economy.
During the year, the Group succeeded in releasing both of its luxurious developments at Th e Beverly Hills (Phase 1) and King s Park Hill, as well as its large- scale residential projects such as Grand Waterfront, Grand Promenade, The Sherwood and Royal Green, at opportune moments with overwhelming response.
Thus, an attributable HK$9,892 million worth of properties in Hong Kong was sold, an increase of 25% as compared with HK$7,895 million for the year before.
Some projects such as CentreStage, CentrePlace, Scenic Horizon and Paradise Square, were virtually sold out by the year end. Taking into account the Group s share of profi t contributions from associates and jointly controlled entities, the total profi t contribution of property development in Hong Kong to the Group amounted to 
In November 2007, the Group launched The Sparkle, with approximately 80% of the total of 400 residential units pre- sold by the year end. Meanwhile, two houses of The Beverly Hills (Phase 3) had been sold through private sale by the year end although Phase 3 was not yet formally released for pre-sale. Th eir profi t contributions will be refl ected in the results for the forthcoming year when they will be ready for occupation.
Kowloon East, covering the areas from San Po Kong through Kwun Tong, is being progressively transformed from a traditional industrial district into a modern vibrant community supported by many upcoming facilities such as a new cruise terminal and the Sha Tin to Central cross-harbour railway line. Following the successful completion of Newton Place Hotel in the last fi nancial year, the Group continued to expand its presence in this distinctive commercial hub by completing another four prime buildings there during the fi nancial year, a refl ection of its vision and forward thinking.
Midas Plaza was completely sold out within four months after its launch in August 2007. Win Plaza, also located in San Po Kong, where there have been virtually no newly-built industrialoffice developments for years, was completed in time to capture the pent-up demand for quality space. Kwun Tong 223 was hailed as a landmark offi ce development in Kowloon East soon aft er its completion in late 2007 because it embodies not just state-of-the-art facilities but also an environmentally sustainable design.
Th e urban waterfront location of Kwun Tong 223 allows tenants to enjoy breathtaking Victoria Harbour views, whilst its open portal design enables a free passage of sea breeze to the whole neighbourhood. 78 Hung To Road, to be linked up to the Kwun Tong 223 by an exclusive footbridge, is a 23-storey quality industrial development with various transport modes, including the Eastern Harbour Tunnel, Kwun Tong Bypass, MTR station, bus terminal and ferry pier, just footsteps away.
A low-density luxury residential project in Tong Yan San Tsuen was also completed during this financial year. Comprising two garden houses, 11 low-rise apartment blocks and a recreational clubhouse, this project will soon be put on sale, off ering the exquisite lifestyle and tranquil ambience that many city dwellers are now 
At 30 June 2008, the Group had a land bank in Hong Kong with a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 18.4 million square feet, made up as follows: 7.4 million square feet of properties held for or under development, 1.0 million square feet of stock of unsold property units, 9.0 million square feet of completed investment properties, and 1.0 million square feet of hotel properties. In addition, the Group held rentable car parking spaces with a total area of around 2.7 million square feet.
During the year, the Group acquired the entire interest in Sha Tin Town Lot 539 development project and a 60% interest in 39 Conduit Road development project.
Th e Sha Tin Town Lot 539 development project comprises mainly two blocks of 33-storey residential towers together with four blocks of low-rise residential buildings and ancillary parking spaces and other facilities. For the development at 39 Conduit Road, a single block 46-storey residential building will be built, providing 66 residential units, parking spaces and clubhouse facilities. For the Group s acquisition of these two projects, a feature of the transaction is the guarantee by the vendor which provides that, for each of the developments, upon the expiry of two years from the date that the occupation permit for the development is issued, the gross sale price of the units sold together with the value of the unsold units at such date shall be not less than a sum representing a 25% premium over the discounted development value.
In order to meet the evolving market demand and ensure effi cient use of land resources, the Group s development sites are regularly evaluated for conversion into other purposes. During the year, land premium for land use conversion was fi nalized with the government for the site at 24 Lee Chung Street, Chai Wan.
Demolition of the existing industrial building on the site is in progress and it will be developed into an offi ce tower with a total gross fl oor area of about 173,000 square feet. Meanwhile, the Group is also pursuing land-use conversion for the site at 8 Wang Kwong Road, Kowloon Bay, as well as a joint-venture site at 19- 21 Wong Chuk Hang Road, Aberdeen, of which 50% is attributable to the Group.
Upon finalization of the land premium with the Government, the site at 8 Wang Kwong Road will be developed into offi ce or hotel, whilst the site at 19-21 Wong Chuk Hang Road will be developed into offi ce building with attributable gross fl oor area of approximately 258,000 square feet and approximately 107,000 square feet 
The Group also remained active in the acquisition of agricultural land with high development potential. With the addition of about 2.3 million square feet in site area of agriculture land during the year, the Group s agricultural land reserve has increased to approximately 34.0 million square feet, which is the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong.
During the year, encouraging progress was made in land-use conversion for two agricultural land sites, with the basic terms for land exchange having been finalized with the Government. The site in Wu Kai Sha, Sha Tin is expected to provide a total developable gross floor area of approximately 3.0 million square feet upon completion, of which approximately 53.75% or about 1.6 million square feet is attributable to the Group. Th e other site at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long is expected to provide approximately 1.17 million square feet in gross fl oor area, of which 79.03% or approximately 0.9 million square feet is attributable to the Group. The land- use conversion for these two sites will be completed upon finalization of the land premium with the Government.
Meanwhile, the land premium for the site in Chuk Yuen Tsuen of Yuen Long, which is next to the Fairview Park, with approval for conversion into a residential development comprising a total gross fl oor area of 28,000 square feet, is currently under negotiation with the Government.
For the comprehensive residential development in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long, environmental impact assessment has been approved and environmental permits have been obtained from the Director of Environmental Protection. Th e Group has applied to the Town Planning Board for the necessary approval before negotiating with the Government for land exchange and land conversion premium.
Th e site, covering a total land area of about 2.3 million square feet, is planned to be developed into a low-density residential development with a total gross fl oor area of approximately 890,000 square feet.
FanlingKwu Tung North and Hung Shui Kiu were both designated by the Government as New Development Areas in the Chief Executive s Policy Address and the Hong Kong 2030 Study in October 2007. In each of these two areas, the Group held approximately 2.6 million square feet and 2.3 million square feet of land lots respectively. Th e Group will actively work in line with the Government s development plans so as to broaden the source of development sites. Meanwhile, the Group will continue its eff orts in land- use conversion of other agricultural land lots so as to provide a steady pipeline of development sites in future years.
The Town Planning Board completed its review on the Yau Tong Bay Comprehensive Development Area zone and amended the Outline Zoning Plan.
Th e Group will proceed to apply for land exchanges and finalization of the land premium. A master layout plan will also be drafted for the redevelopment of the old shipyard sites at Yau Tong Bay, which is expected to provide a total developable gross floor area of approximately 5.35 million square feet, of which about 800,000 square feet is attributable to the Group.

In Hong Kong, at the year end date of 30 June 2008 the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.0 million square feet in completed investment properties, comprising 4.4 million square feet of commercial space, 3.2 million square feet of offi ce space, 0.8 million square feet of industrialoffice space and 0.6 million square feet of residential and apartment space. 25% of this investment portfolio is located in Hong Kong Island, with the remaining 30% and 45% located in Kowloon and New Territories respectively.
Benefiting from higher rents for new lettings and lease renewals, the Group s gross rental income for the year, including those derived from the investment properties owned by the Group s associates and jointly controlled entities, rose by 10% to HK$3,602 million, while the total net rental income contribution was also up by 11% to HK$2,550 million. At the year end, the leasing rate for the core rental properties held by the Group s subsidiaries (which excluded Kwun Tong 223 as it was only just completed) remained high at 
ifc mall, which is host to some of the world s most respected luxury brands making their debut in Hong Kong, has established a unique position locally and it was almost fully let during the year. Th e Group s other large-scale shopping centres, which are mostly located right above or near to the MTR stations in new towns with populous captive customer bases from nearby housing estates, also performed well. By the year end, Metro City Phases II and III in Tseung Kwan O, Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan, City Landmark I and City Landmark II in Tsuen Wan, Citimall in Yuen Long, Flora Plaza in Fanling, Shatin Plaza and Shatin Centre each recorded high leasing rate of 97% or above.
During the year, the Group continued to actively optimise the tenant mix, engage in marketing and promotional activities and upgrade the facilities of its shopping centres. All these initiatives were directed at meeting the ever-changing needs of the Group s clientele by providing an unrivalled shopping experience.
In the North Wing of Trend Plaza, the conversion of its cinema to retail use was completed, with this additional 20,000-square-feet retail space almost fully let at a much better-than-expected rate by the year end. Metro City Phase II also underwent a face-lift during the year. On completion in 2009, its attractiveness as a regional shopping and entertainment hub will be further enhanced because its cinema, with a letting area increased from 30,000 to 50,000 square feet, plans to add three more high-quality cinema houses to become an eight-screen cinema. In the coming year, major upgrade projects will commence at Sunshine City Plaza and at the South Wing of Trend Plaza.
Renovation works for City Landmark I and Citimall are also in the pipeline.
The office leasing market stayed active, with rental increases in some business districts helped by strong demand particularly from multinational corporations which were keen to expand or set up regional head offices in Hong Kong in view of the booming economy of mainland China. Th e International Finance Centre, the most prestigious offi ce complex in Hong Kong, was almost fully let with a very satisfactory rental performance due to limited supply in Central. AIA Tower in North Point and Golden Centre in Sheung Wan also recorded high leasing rates at 95% and 96% respectively, with over 100% rental growth on renewal of some leases. Kwun Tong 223, a Grade-A offi ce tower of the Group off ering over 1.0 million square feet of quality space, was newly completed and tenants, including a big 4 accounting fi rm which has leased an area of up to about 100,000 square feet, have started moving in. Further, an international shipping company has leased an area of over 60,000 square feet, whilst leasing confirmation with some other multinational corporations have also been secured. In order to meet the growing demand for quality offi ce space, Kowloon Building on Nathan Road has been undergoing a major renovation and facility upgrade which is scheduled for completion 
The residential leasing market remained robust with expatriates from the banking and financial sectors continuing to be the major source of tenant demand for luxury properties on Hong Kong Island.
Th e serviced suite hotel at Four Seasons Place, located within the International Financial Centre complex and setting a new benchmark for personalised services and lifestyle living, continued to achieve high occupancy and room rates. Eva Court in Mid-Levels was fully let by the year end, with a 30% rise in rental for renewals and 
The Four Seasons Hotel, which opened for business in September 2005, reported further growth in occupancy and average room rate. It is home to a number of acclaimed restaurants and unique features such as a deluxe spa. Its 399 luxury rooms also feature breathtaking views of the city and world-famous Victoria Harbour.
During the year, its amenities received high praise for their outstanding performances, with the hotel being named the Best Hotel in Asia by many travel magazines.
Newsweek Japan even named it as the Best Business Hotel in the World.
The Group has four Newton hotels operating in Hong Kong, with a total of 1,445 guest rooms. Newton Place Hotel in Kwun Tong has reported steady business growth since it commenced operations in July 2007, whereas the Group s other three Newton Hotels, namely Newton Hotel Hong Kong, Newton Hotel Kowloon and Newton Inn, maintained a stable occupancy of around 80% with impressive rises in room rates during the year.
Construction and Property 
The Group is committed to delivering quality throughout the construction process with vertical integration spanning planning, design, material sourcing, construction and property management, all 
The Group s reputation as a quality property developer was reinforced when Four Seasons Hotel and Four Seasons Place won the Quality Building Awards 2008.
Th e Union Hospital Extension, a project under the Group s project management, was also awarded with a Certificate of Merit in the same Awards. The Awards are presented biannually by a panel of judges drawn from nine professional industry organizations, giving the honours unrivalled credibility and prestige.
The Group s talented workforce is the driving force behind such remarkable successes. In order to ensure their safety on the construction sites and achieve the goal of raising quality ever higher, training and seminars are regularly provided, whilst advanced devices and technology (such as a self-developed construction information system to monitor operational efficiency and cost effectiveness) are also being constantly introduced. During the year, numerous accolades were received in recognition of the unwavering commitment of the Group s construction arm to site safety. These included Proactive Safety Contractor Award 2007 and Safety Achievement Award 2007 . The General Manager of Construction Department of the Company was appointed Chairman of the Construction Industry Council Training Academy, sharing the Group s experience in construction training and setting the standard for craft accreditation in the industry.
Comprehensive after-sale property management service is as important as building quality. The Group s member property management companies, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited and Well Born Real Estate Management Limited, currently manage 184 property developments throughout Hong Kong, comprising a total of over 70,000 residential, commercial and industrial units and shops, and more than 17,000 car 
These two property management companies received 219 performance- related accolades this year including the Q-Mark Service Scheme certifi cation and a Customer Relationship Excellence award for the Group s Customer Satisfaction Quality System. Being each individually named as a Caring Company consecutively for six years, the two companies again demonstrated their serious commitment to community services and their staff once again won the the Highest Voluntary Service Hours Award . All these honours have resulted in a brand name that local families associate with quality and hence, the two companies received Certificate Award for the Best Brand Enterprise from the Hong Kong Productivity Council. Well Born also became the first property management company to be awarded Hong Kong Top Service Brand by the Hong Kong Brand 
The Group s strong brand name and reputable property management services were also recognized in mainland China. Hengbao Garden, a residential development in Guangzhou under the Group s management, was recently named as the Housing Community Showcase in Guangdong Province 2007 , in addition to its honour as the Housing Community Showcase in Guangzhou 2005 . Following the success of Hengbao Garden, the Group will further extend its experience in providing quality property management services to other customers in mainland China.
Business Review - Mainland China and Macau Underpinned by solid economic fundamentals, increasing infrastructure investment, upbeat consumption sentiment as well as the general increase in corporate earnings, mainland China reported successive GDP growth, leading to a greater demand for quality housing units in a quest for better living conditions.
Th e real estate market in mainland China, however, experienced a dramatic change during the past year. In the second half of 2007, transacted prices in many cities had been repeatedly bid up to all time highs as a result of fi erce competition at land auctions. Th e subsequent upsurge in housing prices, which were beyond the aff ordability of the general public, resulted in an overheated property market. With the implementation of a series of new macroeconomic controls and tightened credit policy in late 2007, as well as the substantial adjustment in the mainland equity markets since early 2008, less financing sources became available.
Sentiment became cautious at land auctions and incidents of calling off were recorded. For those land lots which were successfully sold, transactions were mostly recorded at the reserve price.
As disclosed in the previous annual report, the Group had a development land bank in mainland China with an attributable developable gross fl oor area of approximately 101.5 million square feet at the end of August 2007, whereas another 50 million square feet of developable fl oor area was under negotiation. In light of the dramatic change which took place in the mainland property market during the year, further land acquisitions by the Group have been slowed down to enable revised terms to be negotiated. At the end of June 2008, the Group had a land bank in mainland China of approximately 115.7 million square feet in developable gross fl oor area, of which around 78% was earmarked for residential development for sale, 9% for commercial space, 11% for office space and 2% for clubhouse and other communal use. The balance of the total land cost payable for such development land bank amounted to 
Despite the reduced turnover in mainland China s property sales and price competition in the fi rst half of this year, market demand for quality housing units in the mid to high end segment is expected to be strong as they provide a hedge in the current infl ationary and negative interest rate environment. Additionally, most of the Group s residential projects in the second-tier cities are located in the high- growth and populous provincial capitals, municipalities and provinces such as Jiangsu, where there is strong purchasing power. Coupled with the low land cost of the projects, their prime locations, quality design and fi nish, as well as the provision of comprehensive facilities, this will ensure handsome profi t for the Group s property development business in the 
As previously reported, the Group adopts a two-pronged strategy in its business development in mainland China. In the prime cities, the Group targets those prime sites with heavy pedestrian fl ow and easy access for development into large- scale complexes of exceptional design and quality. In the second-tier cities, which are mostly provincial capitals or municipalities with a preponderance of middle class residents, the Group focuses on large- scale developments so as to achieve an effi cient use of land as well as long-term appreciation in property value. In line with this strategy, the Group has identifi ed and purchased the following development sites: In July 2007, a commercial land parcel of about 1,200,000 square feet in Xiangcheng District of Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, was bought for RMB669 million, whilst its adjacent commercial land lots totalling 400,000 square feet in site area were also added to the Group s land bank in December 2007 at a consideration of RMB153 million. With an aggregate gross fl oor area of over 10,000,000 square feet, these two recently acquired sites will be jointly developed with their neighbouring 3,200,000-square-foot residential land lot, which the Group acquired in the previous financial year at a consideration of RMB865 million with a planned gross fl oor area of about 6,800,000 square feet, into a large-scale self-contained community. Th e project enjoys excellent accessibility as it is situated along the city s main thoroughfare of Renmin Road North Extension, which upon its due completion by the end of 2008 will emerge as another new town centre.
Th e City s planned subway line also runs along Renmin Road and is expected to be operational by 2012. The whole project calls for a contemporary water-themed planning design and Aedas Limited has been appointed as the design architect for its residential development, which is scheduled to be completed in four phases from the second quarter of 2010 onwards.
Th e construction for its Phase 1 residential development will commence by the fourth quarter of 2008, providing a total gross floor area of about 650,000 square feet for 540 families; pre-sale is targeted to be launched in June 2009.
In Yixing, another city in Jiangsu Province, a land lot of about 400,000 square feet was acquired in July 2007 at RMB158 million. Its serene location in an island of busy town centre has created both a convenient and relaxing living ambience.
Th e site foundation work will commence in November 2008. With its single-phased completion by August 2010, there will be townhouses, mid and high-rise apartments and a residents clubhouse, all providing a total gross fl oor area of about 700,000 square feet. Th is project is planned to make its fi rst foray into the market in mid-2009.
A project located at Lot No. 155 Huangpu District in Shanghai, abutting Nanjing Road East, with an approved gross fl oor area of approximately 730,000 square feet was acquired by the Group in August 2007 at HK$1,357 million. Located right at the famous walking street in close proximity to the Bund, this prime site will be developed into a Grade A office building and shopping arcade with a 17-storey tower over fi ve levels of podium, with its faade designed by the world-renowned Tange Associates. Its four-level basement, with an additional gross fl oor area of about 300,000 square feet, will house an interchange for two major subway lines, as well as some car parking spaces and commercial areas. It is due for completion in late 2009, in time to capture the opportunities off ered by World Expo 2010. An international property consultant has been appointed for its pre- 
In August 2007, a parcel of land of about 3,730,000 square feet on the northern banks of Pu River in the Shenyang New District Development was also purchased for about RMB525 million. Together with the land lot at the other side of the river with the total site area of about 4,100,000 square feet acquired earlier, a large-scale residential and commercial community will be developed. Upon completion, it will have a total gross fl oor area of about 15,500,000 square feet comprising town houses, low rise apartments and residential towers. Planning of the development is 
In September 2007, the Group acquired another piece of land of about 5,600,000 square feet in Yixing at about RMB1,016 million. Benefi ting from the city s strategy to develop the eastern suburb, this land parcel in Donggui New District is fronting and embracing the fascinating scenic beauty of the Donggui Lake and is earmarked for a comprehensive community with a total gross fl oor area of about 9,000,000 square feet comprising of luxury residences with low and high rise apartments. This will be a multi-phased development and construction work for the fi rst phase of this project, comprising 800,000 square feet of residences, will commence by early 2009. Pre-sale is expected to be launched in August 2009 with scheduled completion in the second quarter of 2010.
In September 2007, the Group also won the bid for a land parcel of about 190,000 square feet in the downtown area of Shenyang Finance and Trade Development Zone at a consideration of about RMB282 million. This, together with the adjacent land lot with a site area of about 310,000 square feet acquired in April 2007 at about RMB334 million, will be jointly developed into Shenyang International Finance Centre. The groundbreaking ceremony in May 2008 was used as an opportunity to unveil the iconic and experiential architectural concept for this ancient capital of Liaoning Province. Th e whole project, located near the subway station in the proximity of the railway terminus, will comprise three mega towers for offices, serviced apartments and a hotel resting on a five-level retail podium, providing a total gross floor area of about 5,700,000 square feet. Pei Partnership Architects, a firm closely associated with the world-renowned architect, I.M. Pei, was appointed as the design architects for the 89-storey office tower, which will be the tallest building in northeast China upon completion in 2012. Aedas Limited, the world s fourth largest architectural practice, is tasked with designing the master plan for the rest of 
In October 2007, the Group made a successful bid for a land lot of about 500,000 square feet in Qixia District of Nanjing, the capital city of Jiangsu Province, at a consideration of RMB558 million. Located in the downtown area within walking distance from the Maigaoqiao subway station, this prime site is earmarked for a luxurious residential development with a total gross fl oor area of about 900,000 square feet.
It will be complemented by commercial area and community conveniences such as healthcare, cultural facilities and a sports centre. Following the commissioning of its nearby road network, construction will commence by the third quarter of 2009 and part of its Phase 1 development is planned for completion by the second quarter of 2011.
The Group, through a 55%-owned joint venture, also acquired in October 2007 a land lot of about 3,900,000 square feet in the Gaoling area in Kaifu District of Changsha at about RMB350 million.
In Changsha, the capital city of Hunan Province, Kaifu District has benefited from the city s development strategy to push northward. Its Gaoling area boasts superb air-sea-land transportation links including the Beijing-Guangzhou railway line, Changsha international airport and deepwater terminal. Planning of the development is now underway.
In June 2008, the Group acquired the second piece of land in Nanjing at a public auction at a reserve price of RMB600 million. Located at the north-eastern part of the city, the land parcel in Xianlin New District boasts a site area of about 1,600,000 square feet and off ers gross fl oor area of 1,700,000 square feet. Planning is underway to develop the site into a high- end residential project, complemented by facilities such as a nursery, amenities and a community centre. With the relocation of colleges and universities into the district and the completion of Xianlin subway station in the near future, this well-known university town s community facilities and transportation network will be further enhanced. Construction for its fi rst phase of development will commence by the second quarter of 2009 and the whole project will be completed by the fourth quarter of 2011.
Shortly aft er the end of the fi nancial year, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement with Sun Hung Kai Properties and Wharf on a 30:40:30 ownership basis to jointly develop a composite development site of approximately 1,860,000 square feet in Dongda Avenue in Chengdu, the capital city of Sichuan Province. Superbly located in Jinjiang District with easy accessibility from two subway lines, which are either under construction or under planning, the Dongda Avenue development is planned to provide an offi ce tower of over 280 metres rivalling the prestigious International Financial Centre in Hong Kong, a five- star hotel, a high-end shopping centre offering international retailers, serviced suites and residential apartments. Th ere is an adjoining site of approximately 350,000 square feet which will be sold to the project company at the same unit price at a later stage; this piece of land will therefore be included in the overall planning of the development. Upon completion, a total gross fl oor area of over 13,000,000 square feet will be provided.
In addition to the acquisitions of the above land lots, the Group has also made satisfactory progress in the following development projects during the year.
World Financial Centre, an international Grade-A office complex in the Chao Yang Central Business District of Beijing with the world-renowned Cesar Pelli as its design architect, is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2008.
Pre-leasing has commenced and it has already secured the commitment of a renowned multinational corporation, while negotiations with a host of top-notch international fi nancial services groups and professional fi rms are near the fi nal stage.
In Shanghai, both development projects at 130-2 Tianmu Road West and 147 Tianmu Road West progressed well with targeted completions in mid-2009 and early 2011 respectively. In aggregate they will provide approximately 700,000 square feet of prime office space and 100,000 square feet of retail area in the busy Zhabei District. Meanwhile, the project at Lot 688 Nanjing Road West whose quartz-like faade is designed by the world-renowned Tange Associates, comprises a 22-storey offi ce tower plus a 2-level retail podium.
Foundation work has commenced and it will provide an aggregate gross floor area of approximately 700,000 square feet upon completion in 2011. It will be held for rental purposes and many famous multinational corporations have expressed their interest by submitting off ers to lease.
Pre-leasing work is being planned.
In Xingsha Town of Changsha, the Champion Arch is planned to have extensive water features and greenery, making it a desirable residential community. Th ere will be approximately 7,800,000 square feet of deluxe apartments, community facilities and amenities to be built in three phases, providing homes for over 4,000 families. Construction of the first batch of residential units with a total residential gross floor area of about 1,300,000 square feet, together with commercial area, clubhouse and kindergarten, will commence works in September 2008 with scheduled completion in late 2009.
Superbly located in the city centre close to the Kaifu District Government Offi ces, the Group s other site in Changsha is planned for residential development with a total gross fl oor area of about 2,480,000 
In Xuzhou of Jiangsu Province, Xuzhou Lakeview Development is located within the new administration centre of the city and construction work has already begun following the relocation of all major municipal government departments into this district in late 2007. Fronting and embracing the scenic views of Dalong Lake, the development plan calls for a water-themed design for this residential community project and it will be completed in four phases with an aggregate gross floor area of about 5,300,000 square feet. Pre-sale of Phase 1 development of 342 residences with a total gross fl oor area of about 480,000 square feet is planned to be launched in May 2009. Phase 1 is slated for completion in the second quarter of 2010.
La Botanica, the largest development ever approved by the Xian City Government of Shannxi Province, is a 5050 joint venture formed by the Group and Temasek Holdings (Private) Limited of Singapore.
Located within the scenic Chan Ba Ecological District with easy access to the city centre via the Th ird Ring Road East and by subway-which are both under construction, this riverside community project will have a total gross fl oor area of over 33,000,000 square feet upon completion in late 2016, of which 90% is designated for residential use providing homes to 30,000 families. Foundation works for part of its Phase 1 development commenced in July 2008 and upon completion in 2010, it will provide a total gross fl oor area of approximately 1,200,000 square feet for about 1,000 households.
Pre-sale for this phase of residences is scheduled for October 2008.
The Group s other residential project in Xian is located on the main artery of Second Ring Road East (also known as Jin Hua North Road) in close proximity to the planned subway system. A grouping of 16 to 33 storey apartment towers will be built around its spacious greenery and residents clubhouse, allowing unhindered views to 3,000 households. Together with the street-level shops along the Second Ring Road East, the entire project will have a total gross fl oor area of 4,200,000 square feet upon the single-phased completion by late 2010. Construction will commence soon and pre-sale will begin in the fi rst half of 2009.
In Chongqing, one of the four provincial- level municipalities in mainland China, a prime site on the banks of Yangtze River in Nan an District is designated for luxurious residential development, supported by a shopping centre, kindergarten and clubhouse facilities together with a scenic park nearby. To echo the government s call for improving cityscapes under the new Two-River and Four-Shore policy, the development plan for this riverside project has been revised and it will be completed in three phases, providing a total gross fl oor area of about 3,750,000 square feet. Site works in respect of Phase 1 development will commence in the second quarter of 2009 with scheduled completion in the fourth quarter of 2010. Part of Phase 1 with a total gross fl oor area of 800,000 square feet for 430 households will initially be launched for pre-sale.
Th e project in Erlang Phoenix Area, the Group s other comprehensive community development in Chongqing, is located on a site next to the Chengdu-Chongqing Expressway with scenic attractions such as Caiyun Lake and Taohua Brook in the proximity. In order to allow effi cient use of land resources, the development plan has been revised and this comprehensive community, comprising residential apartments, clubhouse, a kindergarten and shopping facilities, will be built in three phases providing an aggregate gross fl oor area of about 2,800,000 square feet.
Construction for its Phase 1 development will commence by the fourth quarter of 2008 with scheduled completion by the fi rst quarter of 2010. Out of Phase 1, units providing homes for 155 families with a total gross fl oor area of about 280,000 square feet will fi rst be off ered for pre-sale.
To sum up, the annual square footage of developable fl oor area to be completed by the Group in mainland China is expected to be approximately 2.1 million square feet, 4.8 million square feet and 14.2 million square feet for the three years ending 30 June 2009, 30 June 2010 and 30 June 2011 respectively. For the year ending 30 June 2009, World Financial Centre in Beijing with a developable gross fl oor area of 2.1 million square feet will be completed. For the year ending 30 June 2010, two prime office developments in Shanghai will account for a total developable gross fl oor area of approximately 1.1 million square feet, whilst the remaining 3.7 million square feet will be residential premises. For the projects to be completed in the year ending 30 June 2011, the remaining two prime office developments in Shanghai will make up 8% of the annual completion, whilst the residential premises will account for the remaining 92%.
During the year, property sales in mainland China attributable to the Group amounted to HK$1,271 million, mainly from Hengli Bayview in Guangzhou which was completed in February 2008 with about 11% out of its 2,090 units remaining available for sale by the year end. Meanwhile, the Group increased its stake in some of the completed investment properties in August 2007, expanding the portfolio to 3.1 million square feet. The leasing performance of these investment properties remained satisfactory and the Group s attributable gross rental income grew by 33% to HK$270 million for the year. Along with a new look for the atrium in the shopping mall, Beijing Henderson Centre was repositioned with a new tenant mix which includes a zone specially dedicated to trendsetting sportswear retailers, in addition to a full range of food and beverage outlets. Grand Gateway Tower II in Shanghai was over 98% let by the year end, with close to 30% rental increase on lease renewal and new lettings.
Shanghai Skycity commanded over 100% rise in rental for a new letting to an anchor tenant occupying almost the entire shopping arcade, whereas Hengbao Plaza in Guangzhou also recorded a 57% growth for its monthly rental income in June 2008 compared with June 2007.
Joint-Venture Development in Macau In April 2005, the Group entered into an agreement to jointly develop a waterfront site with a land area of approximately 1.45 million square feet in Taipa, Macau. Th e project is still under application for land- use conversion with the total gross fl oor area to be fi nalized.
Acquisition of Henderson Investment Limited s Entire Interest in Th e Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited During the year, the Company acquired Henderson Investment Group s entire interests in 2,366,934,097 shares of The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited, representing approximately 39.06% of its total issued share capital, so as to streamline the Group s corporate structure. Following completion of the transaction, approximately 39.06% eff ective interest of Hong Kong and China Gas is held directly by the Company and Henderson Investment Limited ( Henderson Investment ) remains as a listed company focusing on the infrastructure business in mainland China.
Henderson Investment Limited (67.94%-owned by the Company) For the year ended 30 June 2008, the profi t of this group attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$35,390 million, representing an increase of HK$29,999 million over the previous year.
Excluding the profit for the year from discontinued operations of HK$35,265 million (following the disposal of its entire interest in 2,366,934,097 shares of Hong Kong and China Gas to the Company), the profi t attributable to equity shareholders of this company for the year ended 30 June 2008 from continuing operations, which comprised mainly the infrastructure business in mainland China, amounted to HK$125 million, representing a decrease of HK$97 million or 44% from the previous year. This was mainly attributable to a reduction in bank interest income during the year following its cash distributions to shareholders of approximately HK$15,237 million (or HK$5 per share) in June 2007, approximately HK$3,139 million (or HK$1.03 per share) in December 2007 and approximately HK$3,687 million (or HK$1.21 per share) in January 2008, despite a higher profi t contribution from its infrastructure business.
This group s infrastructure business comprises interests in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge and Maanshan City Ring Road, which are both held through China Investment Group Limited except for certain shareholdings in the toll bridge which the Henderson Investment Group holds directly. In September 2007, the Henderson Investment Group acquired the remaining 35.94% interest in China Investment Group Limited for a cash consideration of approximately HK$145 million, making it a wholly-owned subsidiary. The Henderson Investment Group s effective interests in Hangzhou Qianjiang Th ird Bridge and Maanshan City Ring Road have thus increased to 60% and 
During the year, toll revenue for Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge rose by 57% to HK$216 million reflecting the increased traffic volumes following the completion of major repair and maintenance work in October 2006, whilst toll revenue for Maanshan City Ring Road also grew by 10% to HK$56 million.
As announced by Henderson Investment on 27 August 2008, it is currently negotiating with the joint venture partner of Hangzhou Henderson Qianjiang Th ird Bridge Company Limited (the Third Bridge JV ) to sell the Company s entire 60% equity interest in the Third Bridge JV to the joint venture partner, although no agreement has been entered into; and, subject to the entering into of an agreement for the disposal of the interest in the Th ird Bridge JV, it is considering the acquisition of new assets.

Th e Hong Kong and China Gas 
(39.06%-owned by the Company) The unaudited profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the six months ended 30 June 2008 amounted to HK$2,524.3 million, a decrease of HK$2,945.6 million compared with the same period last year. During the fi rst half of 2007, non- recurrent gain amounted to HK$3,506.1 million due to a one-off gain resulting from the acquisition of shares in Panva Gas Holdings Limited ( Panva Gas ) by way of asset injection, profi t from the sale of properties and a revaluation surplus from the ifc complex. In comparison, during the fi rst half of 2008, non-recurrent gain arising from the sale of properties and a revaluation surplus from the IFC complex amounted to only HK$496.7 million.
(I) Gas business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for the first half of 2008 increased by 2.0% compared with the same period last year, mainly resulting from an increase in residential gas sales. As at 30 June 2008, the number of customers was 1,655,774, an increase of 24,472 since the end of June 2007 which represented over 90% of the market share of customers living in new fl ats in Hong Kong. Total appliance sales also grew by 5.9% over the same period last year.
As at 30 June 2008, the total net fi xed asset value relating to its Hong Kong gas business, which included gas production plants, network system, buildings and land, were revalued at HK$33 billion by American Appraisal 
(II) Business development in 
The acquisition of Panva Gas in March 2007 injected an additional 25 piped city-gas projects into Hong Kong and China Gas. Panva Gas was subsequently renamed as Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China, stock code: 1083) with its 45.63% interest, or approximately 893 million shares, currently held by Hong Kong and China Gas. During the first half of 2008, Towngas China s profit increased by 100% to HK$101 million with its credit ratings respectively upgraded by Standard and Poor s Rating Services ( Standard and Poor s ) in August 2007 and by Moody s Investors Service ( Moody s ) in April 2008.
In 2008, Towngas China has set up a new piped city-gas joint venture in Huangshan city, Anhui province, increasing the number of Hong Kong and China Gas s piped city- gas projects to 67 in mainland cities spread across 14 provinces 
Th e midstream natural gas projects, which include high-pressure natural gas pipeline joint ventures in Anhui province, Hebei province and Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, and a joint venture that invests in the construction of natural gas pipelines and the exploitation of gas fields in Jilin province, are making good progress and underpin the downstream joint venture projects.
Hong Kong and China Gas operates water supply projects in Wujiang, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu, Anhui province, and manages an integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture in Suzhou Industrial Park, Jiangsu province.
Including the piped city-gas projects of Towngas China, Hong Kong and China Gas currently has a total of 80 projects spread across 17 provinces 
encompassing upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, the water supply and wastewater treatment sector and ECO s emerging 
(III) Environmentally-friendly energy businesses of ECO Since January 2008, Hong Kong and China Gas has formally taken ECO as an investment vehicle to develop clean and emerging energy projects.
Revenue from ECO s dedicated liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) fi lling stations increased during the first half of 2008 compared to the same period last year. ECO s North East New Territories ( NENT ) landfill gas treatment facility wascommissioned in early 2007 and is connected to Tai Po gas production plant via a 19 km pipeline. Treated landfi ll gas is now partially replacing naphtha as a fuel for town gas 
In 2002, ECO signed a 40-year franchise agreement with the Hong Kong Airport Authority to design, construct and commission a permanent aviation fuel facility at Tuen Mun Area 38 for the supply of aviation fuel to Hong Kong International Airport. The facility, which will become a major logistics base for supply of aviation fuel in Hong Kong upon commissioning in late 2009, will consist of a large- scale tank farm for storage of aviation fuel served by tanker jetties. ECO has recently concluded an agreement with the Hong Kong Airport Authority to develop a second phase facility comprising another bunded area for additional tank storage capacity so as to cope with increasing demand from the air transport industry; commissioning is expected by the end of 2010.
On the mainland, Hong Kong and China Gas s first coalbed methane gas liquefaction facility is now under construction in Shanxi province. Phase one is expected to be commissioned within this year. Construction of phase two is projected to commence during the fourth quarter of this year; commissioning is anticipated by the end of 2009. ECO is also making plans to run a coal-based chemical project in Erdos, Inner Mongolia. In Shanxi province, ECO is conducting an in-depth study regarding development of a methanol production project using coke gas as feedstock. In Fengcheng, Jiangxi province, ECO has signed an agreement to invest in a coal mining project and is studying the feasibility of participating in a coal mine coking plant. In addition, ECO is now managing an experimental energy- saving and emission-minimising project in Shaanxi province involving the construction and operation of compressed natural gas filling stations for heavy duty trucks, which are expected to be commissioned by the end of September 2008.
In mid 2008, ECO successfully negotiated the first overseas oil and gas resource project by entering into an agreement with Madagascar Energy International Limited ( MEIL ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sino Union Petroleum & Chemical International Limited ( SUNPEC ), to jointly invest and manage the exploration, exploitation and operation of Madagascar Oilfi eld Block 3113 in Africa. Prior to this, a similar agreement had been signed between MEIL and Shaanxi Yanchang Petroleum (Group) Limited ( Yanchang Petroleum ), the fourth largest petroleum enterprise on the mainland, relating to this project. A new tri-party agreement later confirmed that Yanchang Petroleum, MEIL and ECO would invest 40%, 31% and 29% respectively in this project.
(IV) Property developments By the end of June 2008, about 95.6% of the total residential floor area of the Grand Waterfront property development project at the former Ma Tau Kok south plant site had been sold with its commercial area of approximately 150,000 square feet commenced leasing in the second half of 2007. For the Grand Promenade property development project at Sai Wan Ho, about 96% of its total residential fl oor area had been sold by the end of June 2008. Hong Kong and China Gas also has an approximately 15.8% interest in the IFC complex with the overall business remaining 
Inaugural off ering of US$1 billion 
In August 2008, HKCG (Finance) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hong Kong and China Gas, issued and sold US$1 billion (HK$7.8 billion) Reg SRule 144A Guaranteed Notes (the Notes ). Listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 8 August 2008 (stock code: 4303), the Notes are guaranteed by Hong Kong and China Gas and were issued at a fi xed coupon rate of 6.25% per annum at an issue price of 99.319% with a maturity of 10 years. Th e transaction is the largest investment grade corporate debt issue to-date from Asia in 2008 and a credit rating of A1 (stable) was assigned to the Notes by international rating agency Moody s and A+ (stable) by Standard and Poor s. The net proceeds will be applied towards refinancing part of the existing indebtedness of the Hong Kong and China Gas Group, funding its capital expenditure or for general corporate purposes.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) 
(31.36%-owned by the Company) Th e unaudited consolidated net loss aft er taxation of Hong Kong Ferry for the six months ended 30 June 2008 amounted to HK$62.2 million which arose mainly from its investment in equity-linked notes 
In compliance with the current accounting standards, Hong Kong Ferry s investments including ELN are required to be marked- to-market for ascertaining the profi t and loss for each reporting period, irrespective of upward or downward movements. As at the last fi nancial year ended 31 December 2007, its ELN investment recorded a gain of approximately HK$310 million under a robust stock market, comprising approximately HK$104 million of realised gain and HK$206 million of marked- to-market unrealised gain. Due to the downturn of the stock market in 2008, the ELN depreciated in value and recorded a marked-to-market loss of HK$223 million for the period under review. Up to 30 June 2008, the realised and unrealised gain of Hong Kong Ferry s investment in ELN, including currency exchange gain was, however, still higher than its cost, showing a net cumulative gain of HK$110 million.
Hong Kong Ferry will continue to hold the portfolio as an investment.
During the period under review, Hong Kong Ferry recorded a profi t of HK$46.7 million from the sale of the remaining six residential units of Metro Harbour View and the remaining twelve residential units of MetroRegalia. On the property investment front, rental income from Metro Harbour Plaza increased by 8% to HK$16.7 million with the occupancy rate at approximately 96% at the end of June 2008. Rental income from the shopping mall of MetroRegalia amounted to HK$0.6 million with the occupancy rate at 96%.
Despite increase in turnover for the Ferry, Shipyard and Related Operations comprising the harbour cruise, vehicular ferry and shipyard operations, a loss of HK$1.6 million was recorded due to the increase in fuel oil price. For the Travel and Hotel Operations, the turnover decreased by 5% with a defi cit of HK$2.2 million as a result of the closure of the Old Wing in Silvermine Beach Hotel for renovation.
The superstructure of the Shining Heights at 83 Sycamore Street (formerly known as 222 Tai Kok Tsui Road) has been completed. This residential-cum- commercial project, which is regarded as one of the landmarks of West Kowloon with a total gross floor area of approximately 320,000 square feet comprising approximately 270,000 square feet of residential space and approximately 50,000 square feet of non-residential space, will be off ered for sale by the end of this year. Good progress has been made in the construction of No. 6 Cho Yuen Street in Yau Tong. The total gross floor area of the project is approximately 165,000 square feet, comprising approximately 140,000 square feet for residential use and approximately 25,000 square feet for non- residential use. Th e project is scheduled to be completed in mid-2009.
Miramar Hotel and Investment 
(44.21%-owned by the Company) For the year ended 31 March 2008, Miramar s turnover was approximately HK$1,588 million. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately HK$783 million, representing an increase of 14%. Profit before tax from its core businesses, after excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties and contributions from its US land sales project, was HK$420 million (HK$404 million for the previous year).
Hotel Miramar on Nathan Road in Kowloon is currently undergoing a major renovation programme and the makeover, which began last year involving closure of its Grand Ballroom and the lobby Caf, significantly reduced the hotel s capacity during the year under review.
Miramar also operates seven other hotels and serviced apartments in Hong Kong and mainland China and, during the year, they performed steadily with strong occupancy rates. Performance for this business segment as a whole fell below that of last year but it remained a signifi cant contributor accounting for 25% of its total profi ts for the year.
For the property business, Miramar in the year under review was able to increase rents and enhance the quality of its tenant mix to refl ect the improved facilities and environment resulting from the renovations made to its shopping mall during the past few years. Th e land sales project in Placer County, California, however, remained inactive with no transaction recorded for its 80 acres of residential land and 70 acres of commercial land. It intends to keep this land sales project on hold until the US property market stabilises. Th e property business as a whole contributed around 74% of its total 
Its food and beverage performance has remained stable, whilst revenue from its travel business increased by around 36% with a turnaround resulting primarily from its successful eff orts to expand the mass- market tour business.
In the coming year, it will continue with the planned initiatives to revamp the faade of Hotel Miramar, recently renamed Th e Mira and its guest rooms by phases.
These initiatives, which began in April 2008, are expected to be completed by early 2009. Together with the ongoing renovation of its adjacent Miramar Shopping Centre and Office Tower, as well as the planned direct connection with the Tsim Sha Tsui MTR station, the profi le of these properties will be boosted significantly. With the positive synergies being created amongst its range of related businesses, Miramar expects all its businesses to continue to thrive, and is set to build a highly recognisable hospitality brand identity that will project a sense of unique corporate style and quality.

Th e Group has always adhered to sound and prudent financial management principles. At the end of the year, the Group maintained a gearing ratio of net bank and other borrowings to shareholders funds of 16.5%. Th e Group does not make use of any derivative instruments for speculative purposes.
In respect of the Group s operations in mainland China, apart from its capital contributions and, in some cases, loan contributions to projects which are denominated in Renminbi and are not hedged, the Group endeavours to establish a natural hedge by maintaining an appropriate level of external borrowings in Renminbi. Apart from this, the Group does not have any material foreign exchange 
To diversify the source of its funding, the Group made an approach to the debt private placement markets in the United States and Europe which resulted in the successful conclusion of a debut note issuance transaction in July 2007 for a total transaction size equivalent to US$425 million, with tranches carrying maturities of 7 years to 15 years. Pricing for this transaction, which carries a weighted- average maturity of just over ten years, was benchmarked against the interest rate levels prevailing for comparable public bonds issued by Hong Kong top credit-rated companies. The transaction has contributed to lengthening the debt maturity profile of the Group. Except for these notes totalling US$425 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,312 million) which bear fixed interest rates, the Group s borrowings bear floating 
Th e fallout from the US sub-prime issue, turbulence on global financial markets and the resulting credit tightening, slow-down in the global economies and increasing inflationary pressure all threaten to pose a drag on the economic growth in Hong Kong. Aft er experiencing a price rally in the run-up from the fourth quarter of 2007 to early 2008, the local property market has shown a moderate consolidation. However, the prevailing low mortgage rate, reasonable affordability and the low completion volumes for private residential units in the coming few years should lend support to the local residential property market.
With the property fundamentals largely intact, the Group plans to launch the sale of a number of residential projects including Th e Beverly Hills (Phase 3), 11, 12, 12A, 12B Headland Road, Cit 33, 39 Conduit Road, as well as the projects in Tong Yan San Tsuen, Sha Tin Town Lot 539 and Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot 231. Non-residential projects including Win Plaza and 52 Hung To Road, following the successful sale of Midas Plaza in the same district of Kowloon East, will also be marketed. They are expected to generate considerable revenue to the Group.
The local property leasing market is expected to perform steadily in the year ahead. The recent announcement by a multinational retail giant to set up its regional headquarters in Hong Kong is testimony to the territory as the preferred venue from which leading global companies manage their businesses in mainland China and elsewhere in Asia.
International Finance Centre, which attracts plenty of interest due to its prime Central location, is expected to continue to achieve the current buoyant market rent for new lettings and lease renewals.
Kwun Tong 223, a landmark development in a new commercial hub providing over 1.0 million square feet of Grade-A offi ce space, was also completed in time to meet the demand for quality space. With the expanded offi ce portfolio, coupled with the Group s shopping malls which are mostly located close to MTR stations in new towns, rental income in Hong Kong is set to increase further.
In mainland China, the existing rental properties such as Grand Gateway Offi ce Tower II in Shanghai and Hengbao Plaza in Guangzhou are also expected to report positive rental reversion, whilst World Financial Centre, an international Grade-A offi ce complex in the Chao Yang Central Business District of Beijing, is scheduled for completion in the fourth quarter of 2008 with commitments secured with several tenants. Rentals from these top grade office and prime commercial properties, which largely increase in line with economic growth, will give an added boost to the Group s recurring income base in mainland China.
In order to curb speculation in the mainland and stabilise housing prices, the Central Government announced a new series of macroeconomic policies in late 2007. Th e Group welcomes these developments as being conducive to long- term sustainable growth for the mainland property market. Meanwhile, due to a much moderate rise in property price in the past, second-tier cities are so far found relatively less affected by the austerity policies. For second-tier cities that are located in the high-growth and populous provincial capitals and municipalities with strong purchasing power, demand for quality housing units is still intact, particularly given the trend of growing urbanization. The Group s residential property development projects are all located in these second-tier cities. The Group will continue to push ahead with the development plans for these projects.
At the same time, the Group will seek to capitalize on buying opportunities in the land market as may be presented by market 
During the year, the Group s corporate structure was further streamlined following the completion of the group reorganization. In addition to the rising recurrent income from the expanding rental portfolio in both Hong Kong and mainland China, the direct contributions from our listed associate, Hong Kong and China Gas, will serve as another pillar to support and complement the Group s property development business.
Such diversified businesses with a well- established presence in both Hong Kong and mainland China will enable the Group to face the future with confi dence. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the Group s performance in the coming fi nancial year will be satisfactory.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
