Chairman s Statement Results and Dividend Starting this year, new accounting standards dictate that revaluation surpluses or deficits of investment properties together with related deferred taxes, if applicable, must be recognized in the income statement. These are non-cash items. In the past, the former goes into a reserve account on the balance sheet so there is no issue with the latter. Given these changes, last year s accounts are restated accordingly so comparisons with latest results are meaningful.
For the fiscal year ending 30 June 2005, we reported an increase in turnover of 37.1% to HK$7,472.2 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders grew by 83.9% to HK$4,677.5 million, and earnings per share was 352.2 cents, a rise of 83.7%.
The underlying net profit, which excludes the revaluation gain and the related deferred tax, shot up 92.9% to HK$1,903.0 million from the HK$986.6 million of a year ago. The underlying earnings per share rose by 92.6% to 143.3 cents.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 40 cents per share which is an improvement of 11.1 % over last year. If accepted by shareholders, total dividends for the year will be 54.5 cents per share, representing an increase of 13.5%.

In early 2004, Hong Kong s property market finally recovered after some six years of weakness due mainly to the Asian Financial Crisis. In the past twelve months or so, all doubts regarding the sustainability of that recovery have apparently been dispelled. Transaction volume and prices have both reached their highest levels since the Crisis began. Rents from all sectors grew and in some cases quite strongly. There are several phenomena worth observing.
Whereas prices for mass residential have been rising in the past year, the number of transactions for the primary market has ebbed and flowed. This is due perhaps to the speed at which luxury apartment prices have gone up, which has had a psychological effect on the market as a whole. Potential buyers do not seem convinced where the market will go.
The past year witnessed a surge in the volume of the secondary market while that of the primary market shrank.
This may be due to the high prices of new apartments.
Prices for older units which had not moved much began to look cheap. In the longer run, the primary market must be supported by transaction volume in the second-hand market.
Society is unclear about the future of land supply. Is the government bent on driving up prices and therefore holding supply tightly? If not, why did repeated efforts by developers to apply for land fail? The fact that almost all applicants have fast diminishing land banks does not support the suspicion that they are low balling bids.
One point, however, seems certain: government officials are afraid of being accused of selling land cheaply. Insinuations about the government s wrongdoing in this regard are, in my opinion, unreasonable if not ridiculous. In the twenty- five years that I have been in the industry, I do not recall the government ever selling land below market. Whatever the case, many people today worry that there may soon be a shortage of supply.
Nevertheless, of late the government seems to be taking steps to address the potential problem. Recent changes in the land application process should help release more sites into the market. Other government initiatives should increase transaction volume. For example, the Mortgage Corporation relaxed the mortgage ceiling to 95%. Owners of Home Ownership Scheme (HOS) units can now dispose of them after three years of ownership, instead of five.
The relaxation of security of tenure for domestic tenancies should also help.
As for developers, they are hungry for land and are bidding aggressively whenever there is the chance. While expensive land does not automatically translate to higher apartment prices, the former may nevertheless have a psychological effect on potential home buyers.
Through careful timing and planning of marketing campaigns, our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties has been able to sell apartments at progressively higher prices. According to an investment banking report which came out late last year, our profit margins rank number one in the industry. I will not be surprised if this leadership position will continue for a few more years as predicted by the same report.
For the rental market, retail space led the recovery almost two years ago, followed by offices. Now all sectors are performing well. Your Company together with Hang Lung Properties are prime beneficiaries. Although benefits have not yet been fully reflected in our bottom line, vacancy is down. As can be expected, retail districts where mainland tourists congregate do better. Likewise, core central offices outstripped outlying ones.
Our Shanghai operations have performed very well. Part of the sales proceeds from one office tower at The Grand Gateway has been booked with more to come in the next few months. The other office block retained by the Company has been completed and is fully let. Committed rents are rather satisfactory.

Barring unforeseen circumstances, the next few years should be promising ones. The staged completion of The Grand Gateway in Shanghai will boost income. Both sales proceeds of one office tower and rental from the other will begin to come through in the present fiscal year. In early 2006, the serviced apartments should be ready, and the second residential block (the first was finished several years ago along with the mall which is owned by Hang Lung Properties) is expected to be completed by July 2006.
Plaza 66 in which we have a 10% interest (with Hang Lung Properties owning 79%) will see a jump in income at the beginning of 2007 when the second office tower will be available for leasing.
Things in Hong Kong look promising. Completed projects of Hang Lung Properties will be gradually sold. With probably the best profit margins of all major real estate companies, there should be billions of dollars of total profit.
Investment properties are also expected to perform well.
The effects of the all-round rising market, if sustained, will take about three years to come through. These past twelve months saw the beginning of it, and there should be more positive results to come.
The longer term future of the group will rest on the mainland. Hang Lung Properties is embarking on an ambitious strategy to build at least ten more sizeable commercial complexes in that many cities. The primary task for the coming three years will be to nail down huge sites in major population centers that have vibrant economies and consumer spending power. So far we have succeeded in Tianjin and are close to fruition in two other cities. In 2006 and 2007, I hope to seal another seven or eight transactions.
If successful, we will gradually transform ourselves into a group with two foci of activities--Hong Kong and the mainland. Specifically, the brand name Hang Lung Plaza which is already well-known in Shanghai will become ubiquitous in mainland China.
Ronnie C. Chan 
