CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Results and Dividend For two reasons we have done well in the past fiscal year: first, we sold completed residential units in Hong Kong through our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties Limited (HLP) and second, our investment properties in both Hong Kong and Shanghai have performed well. Underlying net profit rose by 28% to HK$2,555 million. Excluding the non-cash gain of the previous year, actual improvement comparing like with like was 129%. If the net increase in the fair value of investment properties is added, then total net profit was HK$7,516 million or an advancement of 57%.
Earnings per share grew by the same percentage.
The Board recommends a final dividend of 54 cents per share which is 16% higher than last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be 70.5 cents per share, an increase of 16% compared to that of the year before.

Until the third quarter of last year, Hong Kong residential prices had hardly moved for several years. As a result, we have not sold completed residential units for some time. We are however always prepared to pounce once opportunities present themselves. We can roll out a marketing plan at very short notice.
Then came October 2007. The Hong Kong stock market was hot and the sentiment for mainland real estate, especially for land, was euphoric. The latter might have influenced local citizens so residential activities suddenly picked up. Both price and volume 
HLP took advantage of the window and sold almost 800 units.
What was particularly encouraging were the prices achieved. The market however soon turned silent except for high-end products such as The HarbourSide which had its bull run extended until the first month of this year.
For the first time we sold units at The Long Beach. We parted with over 600 units at an average of HK$7,100 per square foot.
By design, most of them were smaller apartments. If prices hold at this level, the coming profit should be even better because margins are richer for the more desirable larger units. Worth noting is the new phenomenon of a few real estate investment funds from overseas directly investing in strata titled residentials.
We also sold many of the remaining condos at AquaMarine.
Average price achieved was over HK$5,100 per square foot which was 12% higher than the preceding period. The same was true at Carmel-on-the-Hill where prices were 25% richer than before.
News from The HarbourSide was equally encouraging. So far we have sold approximately two-thirds of the harbor facing apartments while leaving the garden view ones altogether untouched. What is so pleasing is that lower floor units fetched on average over HK$16,900 per square foot. Records were also broken for the higher-floor ones. The top price achieved so far was HK$38,000 per square foot. It is possible that this project already recorded more sales at over HK$30,000 per square foot than any of 
All of the above justifies our decision of the past few years to not dispose on the cheap. Not under pressure to sell given the strong balance sheet of HLP, our goal has always been to maximize profit.
The percentage unit price increase far exceeded the holding cost and so it makes sense to wait for higher prices. I am quite sure that profit margins for our developments far surpass similar projects of our competitors. This is yet another measure proving that we are a premium real estate company.
Our rental operation was another high point of the past fiscal year. Total revenue collected in Hong Kong was 11% higher than the previous period, and in Shanghai, 48% more. Retail rents in Shanghai grew 38% which was over twice as much as our offices if the new tower in Plaza 66 was excluded. (During 20072008, the second office building contributed for the first time to full year results.) Properties held directly by the Company (i.e. not through HLP), namely the office and the serviced apartments at The Grand Gateway, saw turnover increase by 24%. All told, our two developments in Shanghai now account for 42% of the Group's total rents received. Rental revenue from the mainland will soon exceed that of Hong Kong.
With few exceptions, occupancy rates in both Hong Kong and Shanghai rose or held steady from a year ago. All of our offices and retail space remain practically full throughout the year.
Further achievements have been made in sustainable development. In the last two annual statements to HLP shareholders, I wrote clearly why we care. Here I will briefly mention what has been done and what we are doing.
There are two aspects to this effort. In Hong Kong where we have a lot of long-held rental properties, the main work is to retrofit them. On the mainland where we are building many landmark commercial complexes, conservation must from day one be integrated into all our designs and construction, and indeed, into every aspect of management decision making.
Retrofitting Hong Kong properties began years ago with several dozens of programs. In the three-year period from 2004 to 2007, for example, we achieved over HK$15 million in energy savings and a 30% reduction in water consumption. Waste management, tree planting, and educating staff are among the many initiatives taken. Obviously more can and should be done and the effort 
The big savings will in the long run come from better design and construction of our many new commercial projects in mainland China. There are scores of programs that we are pursuing including the establishment of measurement and verification plans on energy conservation. Suffice to say that we aim at achieving LEED s (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) gold certification for all our new buildings.
Recently we sponsored the Chinese translation of a book, Building Energy Efficiency: Why Green Buildings are Key to Asia s Future .
The English original is published by the Asia Business Council of which I am the founding Chairman Emeritus. It will be sold publicly but HLP will also send copies at our cost to leaders in China from government officials to academics, and from real estate practitioners to related professionals. China needs this message the most since it is constructing more buildings than any country in the world. Urbanization on the mainland, the speed of which has never been seen in history, will mean that by 2050, China will have new buildings equivalent to two USA. Now is the time to act, for all too many energy inefficient high-rises have already been erected in recent years. It is at once a challenge and an opportunity. Since we are among those putting up many new structures, we will do our part and perhaps take the lead to promote sustainable development.

There is no question that the world economy is slowing. Debt crises in the West, skyrocketing commodity prices and food shortages in the developing world all spell trouble. The impact of weaker consumption in the developed world will find its way to China. As a financial center servicing mostly the mainland, Hong Kong may one day feel the pinch. The stock market may be hit, and if so, weak residential sales may remain with us for some time. Given this scenario, there is no assurance that our subsidiary HLP can sell many apartments in this fiscal year. Since we will not sell them cheap, full year results may be affected. Given our relatively healthy financial position, we will simply ride out the storm and prepare ourselves for the next boom.
Of more concern is the systemic nature of Hong Kong s real estate sector. Fundamental changes to our city s economic relationship with the mainland which has been growing at a breakneck pace averaging over 10% for the past 17 years and which also has a far bigger economy, tells us loudly and clearly that the industry is changing. Anyone who fails to recognize this reality will not be well treated by the market. On the other hand, for Hong Kong the very growth of the mainland which is at once a boon (such as in financial services and tourism) and a bane (such as in the contraction of the local real estate business) also spells the greatest opportunity of our lifetime. Companies which adapt well to the mainland will be huge winners and indeed we have all intentions to be among them. Our successful experiences in Shanghai of the past 17 years and labors elsewhere for the past five or six, have given us much assurance.
To further succeed we need two things: a larger team of competent managers and a bigger pocketbook.
For almost four years, we have been earnestly enlarging our mainland team. For the most part we are not looking for professionals who come with rich experience to teach our existing staff. We seldom find such people. Rather, we are searching for solid managers with sufficient exposure to the mainland market.
We then include them into our existing team. We have our corporate culture and management style to which we hold dear and to which many of our new hires frankly aspire to be a part of. Those who possess professional skills (such as architecture or engineering), have solid management capabilities and are able to adapt to our culture, are warmly welcomed. Their previous experiences will then complement and supplement ours. We are also hiring a good number of younger professionals and fresh university graduates as management trainees, some of whom may well develop into future leaders of the Company.
Secondly, we need a bigger pocketbook or firing power. The mainland market is humungous. Even for careful and disciplined investors like us, I can foresee a time when capital may become an issue. It is not just the amount of dollars in the bank but also the psychological comfort that it brings which can influence management s decision making. We know this first hand in Hong Kong during the Asian Financial Crisis. Because we were better prepared financially for it, we were psychologically more apt to take advantage of opportunities when they presented themselves.
Looking now at the enormous mainland market, one can hardly imagine a time when capital will be redundant.
For us, this means that we must grow HLP as fast as possible.
One never knows when the big break will come. The last window of local opportunities for Hong Kong developers was 1999-2000 during the Asian Financial Crisis. Being well prepared, we became one of the very few companies which actually grew tremendously.
A similar situation may arise on the mainland. The amount of capital on hand may determine how big we will win during the 
It is an open secret that whenever HLP shares are down, we will buy them. Such an accumulation will enable that publicly listed subsidiary to issue new stocks later without our losing control.
One never knows when a hot stock market will come and we must be prepared at all times. We have done this successfully many times in the past almost two decades under my watch.
As history shows, those who support HLP s new issuance have always made money given a two to three year horizon. Being HLP s majority shareholder, we have a much longer horizon than any outside investor. This is why we will always win, as will any investor who follows us.
Last year, an investor brought to my attention that HLP was at that time one of the world s ten biggest publicly listed real estate companies. These things change easily as stock prices fluctuate so your management never pays much attention to such rankings. Nevertheless, as we contemplate the size of the mainland market and with us being the only one among the top ten firms with a track record in China, one cannot help but realize that our future should be bright. Besides our track record, we have an experienced team, an excellent brand name, and for now sufficient capital. We are indeed in a unique position which is the envy of many. It will be a crime if management does not seize the opportunity and make us an even more successful real estate company. Notwithstanding short term fluctuations in the market and perhaps even in our profit performance, I am excited about our future. I do not wish to lead any enterprise other than the one which you have given me the privilege to do.
Ronnie C. Chan 
