Chairman’s Statement
To Our Shareholders,
It has been almost a decade since the handover of
Hong Kong in 1997. Hong Kong has gone through
both good times and bad times. During the past
decade, Hong Kong has undoubtedly played an
increasingly important role in the economic
development of China.
The China 11th Five-Year Plan (2006-2010) was
endorsed at the fourth session of the 10th National
People’s Congress in March 2006. The plan has
embraced Hong Kong into the country’s overall
development framework, further strengthening the
cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland cities.
It also emphasizes the importance of reinforcing Hong
Kong’s reputation as the world’s leading finance,
trading and shipping centre. This shows the central
government’s full support to Hong Kong by paving
the way to an immense room of development.
This new national plan is the first time Hong Kong
being included in the China development roadmap.
The inclusion does not just confirm the status of Hong
Kong, but also signifies the close ties between Hong
Kong and the rest of the country.
Hong Kong’s history of success is built on its flexibility
in the ever-changing global economy. Hong Kong
should proactively explore the opportunities and
challenges imposed by the 11th Five-Year Plan. This
time, we are only being responsive to the grand plan
laid down by the central government. Hopefully, Hong
Kong is able to contribute to the formation of future
Five-Year Plans.
Hong Kong is the home base of New World Group.
Like most of the citizens, New World Group was born
and grew up here. After over 30 years of operations,
our business has expanded geographically to the
whole Greater China. Nonetheless, New World Group
is committed to Hong Kong irrespective of the
changing economic climate. We base our investment
strategies on quality, trust, synergy and initiative. We
have an unparalleled sense of vision and a dedicated
team of professionals who are determined to create
value, improve lifestyles and reap substantial return
for shareholders, partners, employees, and the
communities in which we operate.
Dr. Cheng Yu-Tung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 10 October 2006