Chairman’s
Statement
Lee Gardens should be a
front-of-mind destination,
both for locals and visitors.
We strive to innovate and
curate content for our
physical space and venues.
The Bigger Picture
The anticipated continuation of global political and economic instability in 2016, unfortunately, did
materialise. The United States presidential election in November only added further uncertainty to a
year of geopolitical tensions and market volatility.
Hong Kong’s economy was buffeted by external headwinds throughout the year. The export
performance remained weak while tourism, another pillar of Hong Kong’s economy also continued to
lose momentum, with Mainland Chinese visitors showing a significant decline. Local consumer
sentiment, supported by a low interest rate environment and stable employment conditions, began to
show signs of improvement towards the end of the year. Retail sales performance, affected by the
further drop in tourist arrivals, also saw some easing in its year-on-year rate of decline in the last
months of 2016. While luxury goods still attracted fewer buyers, some mid-priced to affordable items
experienced improved sales.
The uncertain global economic climate and the continuing strength of the Dollar have affected
sentiment and confidence. Local retail sales, coupled with changes in Mainland tourist spending
pattern, have been weak for a number of quarters. This is our new normal. We have and will
continue to position ourselves dynamically to capture the opportunities which come from these
structural changes.
Where we are
We start off with sound financials. We have a strong balance sheet. Both our top line Turnover and
our bottom line Recurring Underlying Profit saw growth against the weak economic backdrop in 2016.
Occupancy levels for our main commercial portfolio continued to be strong. We will have more details
on these figures in our “Business Performance” section.
Our assets are sound. We are not distracted by any distressed assets. We have well-planned property
enhancement cycles, balancing longer term projects with those that produce immediate returns.
Among the projects, Lee Garden Three’s development work is expected to complete ahead of
schedule. Lee Garden One’s refurbishment was completed in 2016, with Valentino opening its
flagship store in January 2017.
We have been exploring investment opportunities beyond our core Causeway Bay area. These include
develop for sale projects. Such projects can become a new engine of growth for Hysan. In late 2016,
we launched a successful bid for two residential sites at Tai Po’s upscale Lo Fai Road. We are pleased
to be partnering HKR International on this project, as the company has a recognised track record for
developing quality low density residential projects. We remain well-positioned to seek further high
quality projects aligned to Hysan’s portfolio strategy, both in Hong Kong and beyond, while
maintaining the Lee Gardens portfolio as our core focus.
Complementing our quality portfolio, we understand the need to have a strong team to provide the
necessary knowledge, skills and relationships. Taking into account the macro environment with its
uncertainties and opportunities, I will continue to lead the Hysan team as Executive Chairman. We are
also ensuring our talent bench continues to improve in depth and breadth. Mr. Ricky LUI recently
joined Hysan as our Chief Operating Officer. Ricky has more than 25 years of experience as a senior
executive in the property industry. His extensive operating experience in the field, with a strong focus
on Mainland China and Hong Kong, as well as deep knowledge of a number of overseas markets, will
provide further expertise to help us forge ahead.
Our Challenges
All these positive factors contributed to our robust performance in 2016. We are, however, very much
aware that we are facing a number of challenges throughout our business. Let us, therefore, start with
the structural shift in the retail sector.
We spoke in our interim report about Millennials preferring everything digital. Their online and mobile
way of life is only likely to evolve further away from the traditional shopping mindset. There has also
been a refocusing on life’s priorities, with health, wellness and lifestyle themes being particularly
popular. This change in lifestyle pattern is also influencing our food and beverage offerings. Lighter
and healthier eating and drinking choices, offered in stylish and relaxed informal venues, are
becoming increasingly popular. Among the changes in shopping habits are the well-documented
trends now shown by Mainland Chinese tourists. Although Hysan’s portfolio does not rely heavily on
their patronage, Mainlanders still form a significant group when it comes to spending. A range of
factors has changed their spending pattern in Hong Kong. These include China’s travel and tax policy
changes, an increasing desire for Chinese tourists to visit and shop overseas, buying power fuelled by
foreign exchange considerations, as well as China’s slower economic growth and its well-known
anti-corruption drive.
Hysan also faces more direct competition from other local landlords and their shopping malls. These
retail property owners are shifting their focus towards targeting more local customers instead of
visitors. At the same time, they are also working actively to attract and retain their tenants. We had a
head start in creating a well-balanced retail portfolio and a sought after loyalty programme. Our
competitors are now rapidly catching up.
We are also mindful that some of our retail tenants may be feeling extra pressure as their occupancy
costs increase. Their wish to consolidate could lead to downward pressure on rents and this
consolidation in the number of shops, inevitably, will lead to higher vacancy rates.
Our office portfolio is experiencing its own share of structural changes. Grade A office building supply
on Hong Kong Island is set to increase in the next few years. On the demand side, we see an
increasing trend for open plan and activity-based work spaces. In many cases, companies make use of
co-work space either as temporary or more permanent space solutions. In addition, with office and
personal mobile technology playing an increasingly important part in promoting efficiency and
mobility, the need for fewer headcount, hence lower demand for space, is creating further uncertainty
for our office leasing business.
Our business units’ ability to succeed must be buttressed by effective support functions. Among the
most important are the provision of efficient IT system and automated processes to drive efficiency
and productivity. Using our customer relationship management system and intensifying our
technology to promote social media will help our frontline property management, our leasing team
and our marketing team to better service our loyalty programme, and to target and market to our
existing and new customers.
Our Recipe to Curate a Community and Destination
Our strong financial position underpinning our sound and diversified property portfolio should place
us in a strong position. However, the challenges and structural changes we face, both in the retail and
office sectors, are real and will be addressed.
Lee Gardens is a community. This is a unique and key differentiation. The district has long been
appreciated by locals as a distinct part of Causeway Bay, and indeed, of Hong Kong, where the
avenue and streets are spacious and green, forming a calming sanctuary from the buzz of busy, fast
moving Causeway Bay. Heritage low rise buildings blend into state-of-the-art high rise buildings.
Those who live, work, eat and shop in Lee Gardens form an emotional attachment to the community.
They have felt and will continue to feel at home at Lee Gardens for generations to come.
Lee Gardens should be a front-of-mind destination, both for locals and visitors. We strive to innovate
and curate content for our physical space and venues. These include refreshing our hardware (real
estate), as well as our software (customer service, technology, marketing and events). These are
further influenced by constantly enriching our portfolio’s trade and tenant mix, together with our
involvement and commitment to our neighbourhood and our community.
The above factors are interrelated. Hysan, our tenants, the wider members of the Lee Gardens
community, regular and casual consumers and office visitors alike are all our stakeholders, and they
all contribute to and benefit from our multi-dimensional curation. By encouraging interaction and
collaboration amongst all parties, Hysan ensures that these stakeholders will help shape Lee Gardens
as a retail, office and residential venue not just for today, but as a sustainable destination for the
long term.
One good example of the interaction involves newer members of the community. Although fewer
tourists from across the border are visiting Hong Kong, there is a growing population of Mainland
Chinese professionals and their families who work and live in Hong Kong. Their working, shopping and
dining habits are increasingly indifferentiable from longer-term Hong Kong residents, both ethnic
Chinese and those from other parts of the world. Through their daily interaction with other
stakeholders in our portfolio, they have become part of our multinational Lee Gardens community.
Lee Garden Three is our new building with an anticipated completion date in late 2017. Following in
the footsteps of our renowned green commercial building Hysan Place, the new structure will aim for
the highest BEAM Plus environmental standard. The partial green roof will help reduce the building’s
heat island effect and improve the area’s microclimate. A garden with flora to attract butterflies will
also be established to enhance the building’s biodiversity. Further green walls will adorn the building’s
exterior. An indoor jogging track will be installed to promote health and wellness among the office
users. With these features, we hope to further contribute both to the community’s environment, as
well as to the well-being of those who work and shop there. A high quality office and retail building is
expected to attract renowned multinational companies as tenants. Again, we are focused on
promoting multi-dimensional interaction involving the landlord, tenants, workers and the community.
Business Performance
The Group’s 2016 turnover was HK$3,535 million, up 3.1% from HK$3,430 million in 2015. At yearend
2016, our retail portfolio occupancy was 99%. Occupancy of our office portfolio was 96%, and
the residential portfolio was 82%.
Recurring Underlying Profit, our key core leasing business performance indicator, and Underlying
Profit were both HK$2,369 million (both up 3.8% from HK$2,283 million in 2015). These results 
primarily reflected the continued improvement in gross profit generated from our retail and office
leasing activities. Basic earnings per share based on Recurring Underlying Profit was HK226.29 cents
(2015: HK214.83 cents), up 5.3%.
The Group’s Reported Profit for 2016 was HK$1,218 million (2015: HK$2,903 million), down 58.0%.
This reflected fair value loss of HK$1,187 million (2015: fair value gain of HK$695 million) on the
Group’s investment properties valuation. As at year-end 2016, the external valuation of the Group’s
investment property portfolio decreased by 0.3% to HK$69,633 million (2015: HK$69,810 million).
This reflected the net effect of several factors in play: a worsening retail rental outlook; a sustained
positive office rental outlook; a number of asset enhancement works completed, as well as the
construction costs incurred for the Lee Garden Three project during the year. The capitalisation rates
of each portfolio remained unchanged from those used as at 31 December 2015.
Shareholders’ Funds decreased by 1.0% to HK$67,490 million (2015: HK$68,172 million), principally
reflecting the valuation change of the investment properties.
Our financial position remained strong, with net interest coverage of 23.5 times (2015: 19.5 times)
and net debt to equity ratio of 5.4% (2015: 3.0%).
Capital Management
The Board of Directors is pleased to declare a second interim dividend of HK109 cents per share
(2015: HK107 cents). Together with the first interim dividend of HK26 cents per share (2015: HK25
cents), the total distribution is HK135 cents per share (2015: HK132 cents), representing a year-onyear
increase of 2.3%. The dividend will be payable in cash.
As part of our dynamic capital management, Hysan continued to repurchase its own shares from the
market. 12.59 million (2015: 6.75 million) shares were repurchased during the year.
Outlook
Political and economic volatility in the global environment remain. The anticipated U.S. interest rate
hike and the Chinese economic slowdown are among a number of factors that will keep local
consumer sentiment relatively weak in 2017.
We have laid out our strategy to curate Lee Gardens as a community. We believe this is unique
and will differentiate us from our competitors. Hysan is well-positioned for the challenges ahead.
Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our management team and our colleagues for all the
effort they have made throughout a difficult 2016. I would also like to thank our directors for their
support and guidance. My personal thanks go to Mr. Siu Chuen LAU, who stepped down from the roles
of Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive Officer during the year. Siu Chuen’s work as Hysan’s CEO
built a strong platform from which we shall continue to develop Lee Gardens into one of Hong Kong’s
most dynamic retail and office districts.
Irene Yun Lien LEE
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 February 2017