Chairman s Statement Year in Review Hong Kong s economy remained steady during 2012, although its economic performance, and exports in particular, continued to be impacted by the macro environment in Europe and the United States. Private consumption remained resilient. Retail sales recorded an annual growth of 9.8% when compared to 2011, a good performance but one that also reflected more subdued growth in Mainland tourist spending. This continued to benefit the local retail leasing market. Tight supply supported the Grade A office leasing market, despite weaker demand, particularly from financial institutions. Rental levels in Causeway Bay remained stable.

The Group s 2012 turnover was HK$2,486 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 29.3% from HK$1,922 million in 2011. If the rental contribution (HK$431 million) from the new Hysan Place (its shopping mall opened in August) is excluded, the like-for-like turnover increase would be 6.9% to HK$2,055 million. As at 31 December 2012, solid occupancy was recorded across our portfolio (Retail: 93% (like-for-like: 91%); Office: 91% (like-for-like: 98%); and Residential: 92%). Retail portfolio vacancies mainly reflected the renovation of part of Lee Theatre Plaza.
Recurring Underlying Profit, the key measurement of our core leasing business performance, was HK$1,622 million, up 23.8% from HK$1,310 million in 2011. This principally reflected the rental contribution from the new Hysan Place and the improved performance recorded in the rest of the portfolio. Property expenses, including those related to the opening of Hysan Place, also increased. Our Underlying Profit, which excludes unrealised changes in fair value of investment properties, was also HK$1,622 million (2011: HK$1,310 million). Basic earnings per share based on Recurring Underlying Profit correspondingly rose to HK152.83 cents (2011: HK123.92 cents), up 23.3%.
Our Reported Profit for 2012 was HK$9,955 million (2011: HK$8,545 million), reflecting a higher fair value gain on the Group s investment properties valuation recorded this year.
At year-end 2012, the external valuation of the Group s investment property portfolio increased by 20.1% to HK$60,022 million (2011: HK$49,969 million), principally reflecting improved rentals for our portfolio and a higher valuation for Hysan Place after construction completion. Shareholders Fund increased by 19.2% to HK$58,123 million (2011: HK$48,753 million).
Our financial position remains strong, with improved net interest coverage of 16.8 times (2011: 12.3 times) and net debt to equity ratio of 6.2% (2011: 7.6%). Standard and Poor s upgraded the Group s credit rating from BBB to BBB+ in December 2012 to reflect the Group s improved position following the opening of Hysan Place. Moody s rating of the Group is Baa1.

Currently, Hysan pays an interim dividend and a final dividend (in June, after the Annual General Meeting and the completion of procedures regarding scrip dividends).
With effect from the year ended 31 December 2012, the Company intends to pay two interim dividends. The second interim dividend will be in lieu of a final dividend. In the light of past responses, we shall not be offering a scrip alternative.
Shareholders shall receive an earlier payment of the second interim dividend (in April instead of June); thus the timing of dividend payments will also be more evenly spread over the year (in April and September). The total amount of dividend paid to shareholders for the year under review will remain the same.
The Board of Directors (the Board ) declares a second interim dividend of HK78 cents per share (2011: final dividend of HK64 cents). Together with the first interim dividend of HK17 cents per share (2011: HK15 cents), there is an aggregate distribution of HK95 cents per share, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.3%.
Leadership and Vision 2012 saw the appointment of Mr. Siu Chuen LAU, Deputy Chairman, as Chief Executive Officer and my assuming an executive role. It was also the year that Hysan further refined its vision by reinforcing our Lee Gardens district s position as the premium core district in Causeway Bay, offering top-class facilities for businesses and retailers. It also acts as a magnet for an exciting collection of fashion, lifestyle, hospitality, dining and entertainment venues, making it a destination that is among the most dynamic and progressive in 
The completion of Hysan Place at the northern gateway of our Lee Gardens district is a significant milestone for the Group. It has not only increased our retail space by 50%, but has also become a showcase for the rich diversity of our retail offerings, including some brands that are new to Causeway Bay or Hong Kong. With its direct mass transit (MTR) connectivity, Hysan Place has significantly enhanced the area into a major attraction for shoppers from all over the city, thus further strengthening our Lee Gardens district. At the western gateway, a fresh range of new chic and stylish shops in the refurbished Lee Theatre Plaza will open as from mid-year. This will complete the transformation of the western side, which includes One Hysan Avenue and Leighton Centre retail podia re-launched in 2011, creating one of the most fashion-forward areas of Hong Kong.
The new, yet familiar district brand was launched during the third quarter of 2012. Visual connectivity, as well as promotional and marketing campaigns will continue to position the Lee Gardens district as an integrated, unique and must-visit district.
The connectivity and integration of the northern and western gateways, together with the luxurious, tree-lined Lee Gardens complex at Hysan Avenue, lie at the heart of the Lee Gardens district vision. They constitute a retail triangle that combines significant retail street frontage with shopping malls of different characteristics, complemented by a vibrant streetscape; thereby offering a unique yet diversified shopping and lifestyle experience.
In order to support this vision, the Group is committed to continually enhancing the asset value of our investment property portfolio through selective re-positioning, refurbishment and re-development. Our next re-development target is the combined development of Sunning Plaza and Sunning Court into a mixed-use office and retail complex. Planning is underway, for the project to be completed around 2018.
Values and People With our district vision in place, we have also refined our corporate vision to be the premier property company that is superior to its peers in its market of choice. Our vision lies at the heart of everything we do, driving both our internal and external behaviour. We have also refreshed our corporate values. In addition to our long established core values of integrity, professionalism and being a responsible business, we have further emphasised our commitment to be proactive, driven, progressive, forward-looking and strategic, in order to enhance and deliver value for our stakeholders.
Delivery of excellent performance is core to our commitment. We recognise that the source of excellence lies in our people. We are determined to attract, develop and retain the very best people. Only world-class talent and leadership can deliver the results we strive for. Our new branding and the articulation of the Lee Gardens district vision are underpinned by our refreshed corporate values and vision. They have been embedded in the language we use in our learnings, such as the series of interactive workshops that we delivered to all our people during 2012, as well as in our performance management systems.

Hysan is committed to a sustainable future. We are particularly proud that Hysan Place received the prestigious LEED Platinum (core and shell) certification from the United States Green Building Council, the first mixed-use office and vertical mall complex in Hong Kong and Greater China to be so honoured.
We set ourselves the highest standards of corporate governance and seek to operate in a socially responsible and ethical way. We recognise the importance of positive and constructive interaction with the communities we live in and we support and encourage our employees to be more involved in community activities. To this end, we have adopted a new and more comprehensive approach to our corporate responsibility reporting. Please read our Corporate Responsibility Report 2012 for highlights of our contributions to the community during the year.

The Hong Kong economy is expected to continue to be impacted by the conditions of our global economic partners. Private consumption should, however, remain resilient. In this light, the performance of our balanced and more diversified retail and office portfolio is expected to be steady, and further supported by the full-year contribution from Hysan Place.
Hysan is well placed to continue to enhance and promote an already significant retail and office hub in one of the most vibrant areas in Hong Kong. We believe we have a strong foundation on which to build towards our ambition to establish the Lee Gardens district as the heartbeat of Hong Kong, a district that inspires active participation and discovery in a close-knit, sustainable community of unparalleled energy.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to acknowledge the contribution of our management team and our staff. We thank you for your commitment and hard work during an eventful year, the highlight of which was the successful opening of Hysan Place. I would like to welcome Mr. Siu Chuen LAU, Deputy Chairman, who took on the role of Chief Executive Officer in May, and to wish Mr. Gerry Lui Fai YIM, our former Chief Executive Officer every success in his future endeavours.
As part of our ongoing commitment to further strengthening board composition and performance, we welcome Mr. Frederick Peter CHURCHOUSE, an Asian property investment veteran, as our new Independent non-executive Director.
Finally, I wish to thank my fellow directors for their diligence and valuable advice to and support of the management team during a year of exciting transition.
Irene Yun Lien LEE 
Hong Kong, 6 March 2013 
