Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2013.
Profit and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties) for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to HK$8,938 million, representing an increase of HK$1,847 million or 26% over HK$7,091 million (as restated) for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. Underlying earnings per share were HK$3.35 (2012: HK$2.70 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2013).
Including the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and deferred tax) of investment properties, the Group reported profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2013 was HK$15,948 million, representing a decrease of HK$4,253 million or 21% from HK$20,201 million (as restated) for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. Reported earnings per share were HK$5.97 (2012: HK$7.70 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2013).
At 31 December 2013, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$223,402 million, 9% higher than the amount of HK$205,163 million (as restated) at 31 December 2012. Net debt (including the amount of HK$5,474 million (2012: HK$6,125 million) due to a wholly owned subsidiary of Henderson Development Limited which is controlled by the private family trusts of Dr Lee Shau Kee) amounted to HK$38,344 million (2012: HK$35,205 million) giving rise to a gearing ratio of 17.2% (2012: 
Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.74 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 17 June 2014, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.32 per share already paid, the total dividends for the year ended 31 December 2013 will amount to HK$1.06 per share (2012: HK$1.06 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash, with an option granted to shareholders to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed final dividend and bonus shares, but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and election form will be sent 
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of the final dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
The final dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to shareholders on Friday, 18 July 2014.
Issue of Bonus Shares The Board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share for every ten shares held (2012: one bonus share for every ten shares held) to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members on Tuesday, 17 June 2014. The relevant resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be posted on Friday, 18 July 2014.

The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2013 was up by 26% to HK$8,938 million. Revenue from property sales, including the attributable share of contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased markedly by 91% to HK$17,095 million.
Pre-tax net rental income, including the attributable share of contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased by 14% to HK$5,605 million. At the end of 2013, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$223,402 million, translating into a net asset value per share of HK$82.77. It represented a trading discount of close to 47% when compared with closing market price of HK$44.25 per share on that day.

In February 2013, the Government announced the implementation of double stamp duty measures. When the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance came into effect in April, most developers deferred their sales launches so as to adapt to the new provisions. The resulting fall in both demand and supply has led to a significant decrease in first-hand residential sales. The Group took the lead to prepare appropriate sales brochures and meet the new transparency requirements, enabling it to maintain the sale of properties seamlessly. Consequently, up to the end of last year, the Group was the developer that had the most first-hand project launches in Hong Kong since the implementation of the new Ordinance. The Group was also one of the developers with the highest property sales in Hong Kong for the year under review.

During the year under review, the Group launched an array of residential developments for pre-sale including High Place at Kowloon City, High Point at Cheung Sha Wan, High Park at Boundary Street and The Hemispheres at North Point, as well as Green Code at Fanling which is developed by the Group s associate Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited. All these developments have sold well, which demonstrates that the Group s small- to medium-sized units of superior quality are highly sought after by the local end-users. For instance, Green Code at Fanling was launched in March 2013 with nearly 95% of its total 728 residential units pre-sold by the end of the year. Together with other popular developments such as The Reach in Yuen Long, Double Cove Phase 1 in Ma On Shan, 39 Conduit Road at Mid-Levels and Hill Paramount in Shatin, the Group sold an attributable total of HK$7,389 million worth of Hong Kong residences for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The Group was also actively marketing its office and industrial developments, which are not affected by the Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance . Global Trade Square at Wong Chuk Hang, launched in April 2013, was almost sold out by the end of the year. To follow, Global Gateway Tower at 63 Wing Hong Street, Cheung Sha Wan, was put up for sale in December 2013. The entire 110,000-square-foot development of Kowloon Building was disposed of during the year. Proceeds arising from these disposals of commercial developments and investment properties totalled HK$3,107 million. Including the aforesaid residential sales revenue, the Group sold an attributable total of HK$10,496 million worth of properties for the year under review.
Following the end of this financial year, the Group released Double Cove Starview (Double Cove Phase 2) for pre-sale. For the first four batches of residential units launched, over 92% of their total 823 units was sold in just two weeks. Together with the sales of other projects, the total attributable contracted sales in Hong Kong for the first two months of 2014 exceeded HK$3,600 million.
In the coming years, various categories of development projects (with the exception of a few earmarked for rental purposes) will provide the following areas for sale: (1) Unsold units from the major development projects offered for sale There are 16 development projects available for sale: (2) Projects pending sale in 2014 In the absence of unforeseen delays, the following projects will be available for sale in 2014: (3) Remaining phases of Double Cove In the absence of unforeseen delays, they are expected to be available for sale in 2015: (4) Existing Urban Redevelopment Projects The Group had a total of 5 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion and the dates of their sales launch are not yet fixed. As outlined below, they are expected to provide about 1.28 million square feet in attributable gross floor area in the urban areas based on the Government s latest city planning: (5) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects Ownership Fully Consolidated There are 14 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of these projects are expected to be available for sale in 2015-2016. Their expected attributable gross floor areas, based on the Government s latest city planning, are as follows: (6) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 80% ownership secured There are 17 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with over 80% ownership acquired and their ownership will be consolidated by proceeding to the court for compulsory sale under the Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance . In the event that no court order is granted, the Group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for development. If legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are expected to be available for sale in 2015-2017.
On the basis of the Government s latest city planning, the expected gross floor areas are shown as follows: (7) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 20% but less than 80% ownership secured The Group has other acquisitions in progress, involving 41 projects located in prime urban areas in Hong Kong and Kowloon. Currently, ownership of each project ranging between 20% to 80% has been achieved. The attributable land area of these projects totals about 420,000 sq.ft.. If and when their ownerships are successfully consolidated, based on the Government s latest city planning, the total estimated attributable gross floor area would be about 3,800,000 sq.ft. upon completion of redevelopment. Based on the respective ownership currently secured for each project, the total pro-rata attributable gross floor area is about 1,800,000 sq.ft..
Successful acquisitions for the above projects bear uncertainty. The Group may not be able to consolidate ownerships of all projects.
Redevelopments can only be implemented upon acquisition of the full ownership of the relevant projects.

In November 2013, the Group acquired a residential site with breathtaking views of the surrounding Fanling golf courses through public tender at the consideration of HK$2,888 million. Details are shown in the table below: Land in Urban Areas As aforesaid, 31 urban redevelopment projects of old tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership are available for sale or leasing in 2015 or beyond. They are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of about 3.1 million square feet. The total land cost is estimated at about HK$17,300 million (inclusive of the pricey street shops and the joint venture project at the prestigious Seymour Road in Mid-Levels), translating into a land cost of approximately HK$5,600 per square foot of gross 
During the year under review, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire interests in the projects at Hillwood Road in Tsim Sha Tsui, Ma Tau Kok RoadPau Chung Street in To Kwa Wan, Victory Avenue in Homantin, as well as Des Voeux Road West in Western District (in which the Group has a 20% stake). The sites for the projects at Sai Yeung Choi Street North in Sham Shui Po and Yiu Tung Street in Shek Kip Mei were both enlarged following the completion of the acquisition of the adjacent buildings. Whereas, over 80% ownership of the projects at Kok Cheung Street in Tai Kok Tsui, Li Tak StreetKok Cheung Street in Tai Kok Tsui, as well as Seymour Road in Mid-Levels (in which the Group has a 65% stake), was all secured, enabling the Group to proceed to the court for compulsory sale in the near future.
For the Group s 50%-owned project at Observatory Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, the Group reached an agreement with the Government to modify its land lease in relation to the relaxation of the development plot ratio and height restriction. The modification is subject to a payment of land premium of about HK$133.7 million.
New Territories land At 31 December 2013, the Group held New Territories land reserves amounting to approximately 42.5 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in 
In July 2013, the Government announced the result of the North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , of which Kwu Tung North and Fanling North would be treated as the extension of FanlingSheung Shui New Town. The Government has also decided to adopt an enhanced Conventional New Town Approach and, subject to specified criteria, private land owners are allowed to apply for in-situ land exchange for private developments. Outline Zoning Plans for both Kwu Tung North and Fanling North were already published in the Gazette in December 2013. Of the Group s land holding of 2.8 million square feet in these areas, a total land area of roughly over 800,000 square feet is assessed to be eligible for in-situ land exchange and the Government may resume the other parts of its lands for public use through cash compensation. The Group has applied for in-situ land exchange for two land lots in Fanling North and Kwu Tung. They are expected to provide a total developable gross floor area of approximately 3,620,000 square feet and 270,000 square feet respectively, against their respective site area of 768,000 square feet and 45,000 square feet. Developable areas for both sites are subject to finalization of 
According to the above North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , the region at Ping CheTa Kwu Ling will be re-planned, in response to the 2013 Policy Address which put forward an initiative to review the development potential of New Territories North, including new opportunities brought about by the new railway infrastructure.
In January 2014, the Government commenced its Preliminary Feasibility Study on Developing the New Territories North and the Study Area was about 5,300 hectares. The Group holds certain pieces of land in that Study Area.
For Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area Planning and Engineering Study , Stage 3 Community Engagement is expected to be launched in mid-2014 so as to allow the public to discuss the Recommended Outline Development Plan. The Group holds a total site area of 5.5 million square feet in Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area, which covers an area of approximately 826 hectares. Under the Preliminary Outline Development Plan, it was proposed to accommodate a new town of a population of about 218,000 and about 60,000 additional flats, of which about 50% are private developments. The Government is now gauging the public views and has expressed no view on the issues of land resumption or in-situ land exchange in that region. Impacts to the Group arising from these proposals are yet to be seen. The Group will continue to work in line with the Government s development policies and follow up closely with its development plans.
On 15 November 2013, the Group entered into an agreement with Pok Oi Hospital to donate a land lot of about 100,000 square feet in Lam Tei, Tuen Mun for the development in phases into homes for the aged together with the supporting facilities. Chairman Lee would donate to the Group an amount of HK$107 million, being the value of the land as assessed by an independent valuer.

At 31 December 2013, the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.1 million square feet of completed investment properties in Hong Kong, comprising 4.5 million square feet of shopping arcade or retail space, 3.3 million square feet of office space, 0.9 million square feet of industrialoffice space and 0.4 million square feet of residential and apartment space. This rental portfolio is geographically diverse, with 25% in Hong Kong Island, 33% in Kowloon and the remaining 42% in the New Territories (with most of the latter being large-scale shopping malls in new towns). At the end of December 2013, the leasing rate for the Group s core rental properties was 96%. Besides, there were more than 9,000 car parking bays, providing additional rental income to 
During the year under review, the Group s attributable gross rental income in Hong Kong, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was up by 10% to HK$6,004 million. The attributable pre- tax net rental income, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was HK$4,534 million, representing growth of 12% over the previous year. Included therein is attributable gross rental income of HK$1,711 million (2012: HK$1,591 million) contributed from the Group s attributable interest of 40.76% (2012: 40.51%) in The International Finance Centre ( ifc ) project.
Underpinned by strong consumption sentiment and increasing inbound tourism, total retail sales of Hong Kong (both in terms of value and volume) increased by about 11% for the whole year of 2013. The Group thus undertook targeted marketing activities, including organising shopping tours for mainlanders and wider adoption of multi-media promotional channels, to attract more customers to its shopping malls and boost tenants business. At the end of 2013, all of the Group s major shopping malls, except those under renovation or re-alignment of tenant mix, recorded nearly full occupancy. There was significant increase in rents for most of the retail shops following rental reversion. Renovation is in progress to further enhance the competitiveness of the Group s various regional shopping malls (such as Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan, Metro City Plaza II in Tseung Kwan O, Citimall in Yuen Long and City Landmark I in Tsuen Wan) which have broad customer bases and offer easy access to MTR stations.
The office leasing market remained steady amid a stabilizing global economy. The Group s office developments in the core areas, such as ifc in Central, AIA Tower in North Point, as well as Golden Centre and FWD Financial Centre in Sheung Wan, have all performed well. The Group s approximately 2,000,000-square-foot portfolio of office and industrialoffice premises in Kowloon East, including Manulife Financial Centre and AIA Financial Centre, also recorded positive rental revisions and higher rents for new leases. To further improve their rental values and appeal to discerning tenants, the Group regularly enhances the green features and upgrades the quality of its office developments. Extensive facility upgrades for AIA Tower in North Point commenced in the last quarter of 2013, whilst renovation for both Golden Centre and FWD Financial Centre in Sheung Wan are planned to commence in 2014.
The leasing performance of the Group s luxury residences, namely Eva Court and 39 Conduit Road, as well as the serviced suites at Four Seasons Place was satisfactory. A 66,000-square- foot hotel development at 388 Jaffe Road, Wanchai, which was opened in November 2013 and is being operated by Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited under the name of Mira Moon , offers 91 stylish guest rooms.
The Group has a 20% attributable interest in a joint venture that owns the Citygate project in Tung Chung. Capitalizing on the opportunities arising from the growing inbound tourism, the joint venture won the bid for a commercial land lot adjacent to Citygate at a consideration of about HK$2,328 million in March 2013. An iconic 540,000-square-foot commercial complex will be built to integrate with Citygate, creating a mixed development of over one million square feet in close proximity to Hong Kong International Airport.
Hotel and Retailing Operations During the year under review, visitor arrivals to Hong Kong reached a record high of over 54 million, of which overnight visitor arrivals increased by 8.0% to about 26 million. As the city s hospitality leader, The Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong recorded increases in both occupancy rate and average room rate. The hotel was again given a five-star rating by the Forbes Travel Guide and its Lung King Heen restaurant again received a top three-star rating in the Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2014. The Group s three Newton hotels (including the 362-room Newton Hotel Hong Kong, the 317-room Newton Inn North Point and the 598-room Newton Place Hotel) recorded a lower occupancy rate, albeit maintaining a steady average room rate, mainly due to intense competition from newly-built hotels in the economy hotel sector. For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group s profit from hotel operations, including the attributable contribution from its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, decreased by 14% to 
Established in 1989, Citistore has six department store outlets, and a id:c specialty store which introduces a collection of fashion brands from Japan. During the year under review, Citistore s turnover and profit contribution increased by 7% to HK$399 million and 18% to HK$79 million, respectively.
Construction and Property 
In order to improve the cityscape and to provide better and safer living conditions for the community, the Group has been active in acquiring old tenement buildings for urban redevelopment purposes. As most of these projects are located in populous districts, in order to expedite the construction process and minimise disruption to the neighbourhoods, leading features recommended by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) and BEAM Plus have been adopted. For instance, in addition to the self-developed pre-fabricated building components, the Group also procured advanced facilities to conduct foundation piling works for its development projects. Against the prevailing increase in material costs and a shortage of construction workers, the above measures can help raise quality and cost efficiency by reducing construction waste and manpower.
In mainland China, the Group s Construction Department takes charge of the key process of selecting main contractors and sub contractors, material sourcing and work tendering. They also closely monitor every project s cost effectiveness, work quality, construction safety and progress to ensure the same standard of excellence regarding building quality is achieved.
The Group s property management companies, namely, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited, Well Born Real Estate Management Limited and Goodwill Management Limited, collectively manage over 80,000 apartments and industrial commercial units, 8 million square feet of shopping and office space, as well as 20,000 car parking units in Hong Kong and 
To complement the Group s recent promotion of the urban redevelopment boutique residences under The H Collection , these property management companies will provide unparalleled one-stop home services to the residents enabling them to enjoy hassle-free urban living. Their commitment to service excellence has also been extended to the Group s projects in mainland China. Both Hengbao Huating and Hengli Wanpan Huayuan in Guangzhou received the accolades of Excellent Property Management Community Showcase , Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and Valuing Credit , and Leading Enterprise for Property Management Services in Liwan 
Both the Construction and Property Management Teams are in the forefront of servicing the community and giving back to society, as the Group has long pledged. Apart from proactively promoting site safety within the industry, the Group s Construction Team was also an active supporter of the Construction Charity Fund, which provides immediate assistance to victims of tragic industrial accidents. Following the success of the preceding Year of Care , the Property Management Teams launched The Year of Senior so as to raise public awareness of caring about the elderly. Their volunteer team, after winning the Highest Voluntary Service Hour Award championship for eight consecutive years, was recently selected by the Agency for Volunteer Service as the only winner for the fifth Hong Kong Volunteer Award Corporate Award .
Their unflagging efforts will be elaborated on in the Sustainability and CSR section of the Annual Report.

In 2013, the mainland property market showed an overall improvement in sentiment. Although mainland China experienced a slow-down in economic growth in the first half of the year, an incessant end-user housing demand emerged, resulting from favourable government policies that encourage first time home ownership. The expectation of rising property prices also led to the continuous demand for housing with better quality. The macro economy of mainland China showed a steady rebound from August 2013. At the same time, there was a shift in government policy from administrative measures to market driven adjustment. Local governments were also allowed the flexibility to devise measures commensurate with the particular market conditions.
Therefore, the overall property market remained buoyant and bidding was brisk at land auctions.
During the year, much effort was made towards reorganisation, enhancing efficiencies and integrating resources for the Group s development projects in mainland China. Particular attention was paid to standardization of design layout and building materials, to expedite the development process and reduce development costs, which in turn raise the Group s competitiveness and profit margin.
As a result of localisation, the task of marketing on the mainland is now conducted by the local management teams. In re-positioning our products, widely acclaimed features of the best selling projects are adopted and optimised. This will form the basis of our strategy for the later phases of our developments and future land acquisitions.
In July 2013, the Group entered into a co-operation framework agreement with CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI , a property developer listed in Hong Kong) on a 51:49 ownership basis to jointly develop a residential and commercial site of about 930,000 square feet in Yuhang District, Hangzhou. The land costs RMB763 million and will provide a planned total gross floor area of over 2.3 million square feet, of which not less than 90% is intended for 
In December 2013, the Group entered into another co-operation framework agreement with CIFI to form a 5050 joint venture to develop a residential and commercial site of about 910,000 square feet in Hongqiao Business District, Minhang District, Shanghai.
The land lot, which was bought previously in a public auction at a consideration of RMB2,144 million, will provide a planned total gross floor area of over 1.8 million square feet.
In addition to approximately 1.2 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed property stock, the Group at 31 December 2013 had a sizeable development land bank across 16 major cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about 136.1 million square feet, of which around 82% was planned for residential development for sale: 
During the year under review, the Group sold and pre-sold in total an attributable HK$7,315 million worth of mainland properties, a marked increase of 12% as compared with HK$6,548 million for the previous year. Riverside Park in Suzhou, Grand Waterfront in Chongqing, High West in Chongqing, Xuzhou Lakeview Development and Treasure Garden in Nanjing had sold particularly well.

At 31 December 2013, the Group had 6.6 million square feet of completed investment properties in mainland China, comprising mainly offices and shopping malls in the city centres of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. As a result of higher rents and greater contributions from new investment properties, the Group s attributable gross rental income and pre-tax net rental income increased by 12% to HK$1,303 million and by 24% to HK$1,071 million, respectively during the year under review.
In Beijing, World Financial Centre houses many world-renowned financial institutions and multinational corporations such as Standard Chartered Bank, British Petroleum, Shell China, Alibaba and Rabobank. During the year under review, gross rental income for this international Grade-A office complex increased by 12% to HK$511 million with the leasing rate exceeding 95% by the end of 2013. As to the shopping mall at Henderson Centre, after much deliberation, the tenant mix has been optimised and the asset quality upgraded. Hence, a 71% year-on-year growth in rental income was achieved and the leasing rate exceeded 93% at 31 December 2013.
In Shanghai, Henderson Metropolitan occupies a superb location near the Bund. With its unique architectural design, eclectic mix of retail flagships (including the avant-garde flagship store of Apple), innovative marketing events and premium estate management, it has developed into a trendy focal shopping point along Nanjing Road East, the busiest pedestrian street in the City. In 2013, improvement works carried out on the shopping centre included a total revamp of the entire B2 level, which offers a completely new appeal to consumers. The Group has also diversified the tenant mix of the shopping mall so as to offer more variety in terms of fine dining outlets, fashion brands and entertainment facilities, to fulfill the shopping needs of modern families. In order to enhance its popularity and to create a lively ambience, Henderson Metropolitan hosted spectacular and unique marketing campaigns every month. Grand Gateway II is widely acclaimed as a leading Grade-A office building in Xuhui District and its office space is highly sought after by leading multinational corporations.
Greentech Tower has become a new landmark in Zhabei District after successfully attracting a wide array of quality tenants. Both its office tower and commercial mall have been fully leased within a period of slightly more than one year. The Group s leasing achievements were recognised and lauded by the Zhabei District Government which granted Henderson a tax rebate as reward. In 2013, the Zhabei District Government also bestowed the award of Excellent Building on Centro in recognition of its excellent building management. Henderson 688 is a property situated at the prestigious Nanjing Road West in Jingan District.
It has an aesthetic progressive staircase design and a glittering facade from many perspectives. It is scheduled for completion in 2014. Pre-leasing has been launched and the response has been good. Several renowned dining outlets have already signed up for spaces in the mall, providing complementary facilities to the office tenants of the property. The Group s intense leasing efforts have led to an increase of 10% year-on-year in gross rental income from investment properties in Shanghai.
In Guangzhou, Heng Bao Plaza atop the Changshou Road subway station was under realignment of tenant mix and its leasing rate was slightly lowered to 90% at 31 December 2013.
Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL ) For the year ended 31 December 2013, HIL s profit attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$10 million, representing a decrease of HK$15 million or 60% from HK$25 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. Commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of the toll fee in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of HIL was provisionally suspended. For the sake of prudence, the toll revenue commencing from 20 March 2012 has not been recognised in the accounts of HIL. Profit for the year under review mainly comprised bank interest income and net foreign exchange gain totalling HK$50 million, which was offset by the direct costs (mainly comprising amortization charge of the toll bridge) of HK$39 million.
This group raised the issue of toll fee collection right with China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ) for arbitration. On 12 November 2012, CIETAC confirmed its acceptance to administer the above arbitration case and on 26 August 2013 finalised the composition of an arbitration tribunal. CIETAC has now fixed the commencement date of the arbitration hearing on 14 April 2014. The total toll revenue (after deduction of PRC business tax) accrued for but not recognised by HIL up to 31 December 2013 amounted to HK$572 million.
HIL may continue to report a loss from operations in the future financial periods, unless the arbitration proceedings result in a determination or the parties come to an agreement in each case satisfactory to HIL, or suitable investment that may be identified by HIL produces satisfactory income.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for the year amounted to HK$6,854 million, a decrease of HK$858 million compared to 2012. Exclusive of its share of a revaluation surplus from investment properties and a one-off net gain, this group s profit after taxation for the year increased by HK$767 million to HK$6,680 million, an increase of 13% compared to 2012 mainly attributable to a rise in profit from this group s local businesses and mainland utility businesses.
During the year under review, this group invested HK$5,294 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various existing and new businesses in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Gas Business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for the year increased slightly by approximately 0.7% to 28,556 million MJ, whereas appliance sales increased by approximately 3.3%. An increase in the standard gas tariff with effect from 1 April 2013 is offsetting some of its own rising operating costs. At the end of 2013, the number of customers was 1,798,731, an increase of 22,371 compared to 2012. Laying of a 15 km pipeline to bring natural gas from Tai Po to Ma Tau Kok gas production plant, to partially replace naphtha as feedstock for the production of town gas, was substantially completed in 2013. Modification of associated stations and Ma Tau Kok plant s facilities is progressing to cope with the natural gas supply. Commissioning of the pipeline is expected in the third quarter of 2014. Construction of a 9 km pipeline in the western New Territories to strengthen supply capability and reliability is more than halfway complete. In tandem with the government s development of West Kowloon and South East Kowloon, network planning, design and construction in these locations are underway.
The gas supply pipeline to the Kai Tak Cruise Terminal was commissioned in mid-2013. Construction of pipelines to supply a large housing development at Anderson Road in East Kowloon, which is now at the planning stage, has commenced. Construction of a new submarine pipeline from Ma Tau Kok to North Point is progressing well with commissioning expected in the coming year.
Utility Businesses in Mainland China At the end of December 2013, this group had an approximately 62.31% interest in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083). Towngas China continued to record good growth in profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders, amounting to HK$1,106 million in 2013, an increase of approximately 32% over 2012. Towngas China acquired 14 new piped-gas projects in 2013 located in Zhengpugang Xin Qu Modern Industrial Zone, Maanshan city, in Fanchang county, Wuhu city and in Bozhou-Wuhu Modern Industrial Zone, Bozhou city all in Anhui province; in Cang county, in Mengcun Hui Autonomous County and in Yanshan county, all in Cangzhou city, and in Shijiazhuang Southern Industrial Zone all in Hebei province; in the Economic Development Zone, Boxing county, Binzhou city and in Shiheng town, Feicheng city both in Shandong province; in Mianzhu city, Sichuan province; in Dafeng city, Jiangsu province; in Fengxi district, Chaozhou city, Guangdong province; in Jianping county, Liaoning province; and Zhongwei piped city-gas project in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region.
Hong Kong and China Gas group s city-gas businesses are progressing well with a total of 15 new projects added to its portfolio in 2013, including one located in economically vibrant Hangzhou city. At the end of 2013, inclusive of Towngas China, this group had a total of 119 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. The total volume of gas sales for these projects in 2013 was approximately 13,400 million cubic metres, an increase of 13% over 2012. At the end of 2013, this group s mainland gas customers stood at approximately 17.29 million, an increase of 17 % over 2012.
Its midstream natural gas projects include natural gas pipeline projects in Anhui province, in Hebei province and in Hangzhou city, Zhejiang province; natural gas extension projects in Jilin and Henan provinces; the Guangdong LNG Receiving Terminal project; and Towngas China s midstream pipeline project located in Wafangdian, Dalian city, Liaoning province.
This group has so far invested in, and operates, six water projects, including water supply joint venture projects in Wujiang district, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu city, Anhui province; a wholly-owned water supply project in Zhengpugang Xin Qu, Maanshan city, Anhui province; an integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture project, together with an integrated wastewater treatment project for a special industry, both in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province; and a water supply project in the starting area of Jiangbei Concentration Zone, Wuhu city, Anhui province, acquired in December 2013.
Emerging Environmentally-Friendly Energy Businesses Its development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects and related research and development of new technologies, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (together known as ECO ), are progressing well.
ECO s two major businesses in Hong Kong an aviation fuel facility servicing Hong Kong International Airport, and dedicated liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) vehicular filling stations are operating smoothly. Total turnover for the aviation fuel facility for 2013 was 5.56 million tonnes, providing a safe and reliable fuel supply to Hong Kong International Airport. Profit margins for the LPG refilling station business for 2013 were significantly higher than those of 2012.
ECO has started to reinforce its LNG supply capacity with unconventional gas resources such as coalbed gas and coke oven gas. ECO s coalbed methane liquefaction facility, located in Jincheng city, Shanxi province, is operating smoothly and its liquefied products selling prices have risen significantly. ECO has recently endeavoured to speed up its negotiations with several coking plants to conclude long-term supply agreements of coke oven gas to be used for producing LNG through methanation and then liquefaction. Preparatory work for ECO s first project of this kind, located in Xuzhou city, Jiangsu province, has commenced; commissioning is expected in the first half of 2015. A similar project located in Jiexiu city, Shanxi province, is also expected to be concluded in the near future; construction will then start 
When ECO extended its business into the mainland in 2008, its first project was the construction of a compressed natural gas refilling station for heavy-duty trucks in Shaanxi province. A network of ECO natural gas refilling stations has gradually taken shape in provinces including Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, Henan and Liaoning. ECO is also now planning to provide LNG refilling facilities for incoming and outgoing heavy-duty trucks and river transport vessels at the logistics port of Jining city, Shandong province a port which links an upstream railway with the nearby downstream Beijing-Hangzhou canal. All in all, ECO currently has 25 refilling stations in operation, under planning or construction, and further expansion of this business into other provinces is actively in progress.
ECO has completed testing verification for upgrading plant fatty-acids (palm oil residue) to petrol or diesel and has applied for a patent for this technology. The company s first project in this field, with an annual capacity to upgrade 150,000 tonnes of plant fatty-acid and to be located in the Chemical Industrial Park of Zhangjiagang city, Jiangsu province, will be an important step forward in developing ECO s biomass energy business.
ECO s methanol production plant in Inner Mongolia finished trial production in late 2013 and has been running smoothly since commissioning. Methanol, a good chemical feedstock, can be further processed into the high value-added products of olefin and paraffin using cracking and polymerisation techniques. ECO s self- developed technology can upgrade methanol into high value-added products which can substitute for gasoline, and this has also led to the commencement of a new project in Inner Mongolia to upgrade methanol into 140,000 tonnes of high-quality gasoline substitute, an important milestone for ECO s methanol upgrading business.
This project is expected to be commissioned before the end of 
With regard to ECO s upstream resources business, the operation of the oilfield project in Thailand is relatively stable, now mainly focusing on stepping up exploration activities so as to optimise oil drilling plans. In contrast, coal mining businesses in Inner Mongolia have suffered as the decrease in demand for coal on the mainland has adversely impacted direct sales.
Overall, inclusive of projects Towngas China, this group had 173 projects on the mainland, as at the end of 2013, 23 more than at the end of 2012, spread across 22 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. These projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water sectors, environmentally- friendly energy applications, energy resources exploration and utilisation, as well as telecommunications.

Leasing of the commercial area of the Grand Waterfront property development project located at Ma Tau Kok is good. It also has an approximately 15.8% interest in the International Finance Centre complex, which also performed well.

This group established a medium term note programme in 2009 under HKCG (Finance) Limited and it had issued, as at 31 December 2013, medium term notes of an aggregate amount equivalent to HK$10,200 million with tenors ranging from 5 to 40 under this programme. In January 2014, this group also issued its first perpetual subordinated guaranteed capital securities (the Perpetual Securities ), amounting to US$300 million, through Towngas (Finance) Limited. These Perpetual Securities have a nominal interest rate of 4.75% per annum for the first five years, a record low for securities of the same kind issued by corporations in Asia, and thereafter will have a floating interest rate. With no fixed maturity, the Perpetual Securities are redeemable, at the option of this group, in January 2019 or thereafter every six months on the coupon payment date. The issuance of the Perpetual Securities, rated A3 and A- by international rating agencies Moody s Investors Service and Standard and Poor s Rating Services respectively, received an overwhelming response with six times subscription.
The Perpetual Securities, guaranteed by Hong Kong and China Gas, were listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 29 January 2014.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong Ferry ) Hong Kong Ferry s consolidated profit after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to approximately HK$293 million, a decrease of 26% as compared with the profit after taxation of HK$397 million (restated) last year. During the year under review, profit for this group was mainly derived from the sale of the residential units of Shining Heights and The Spectacle, rental income, surplus from revaluation of investment properties and gain from sale of securities investment. As disclosed in its announcement published on 2 January 2014, the occupation permit of Green Code at No.1 Ma Sik Road, Fanling was not obtained by 31 December 2013 due to delay in the progress of construction, and needed to be postponed to 2014. Accordingly, the relevant sale revenue has not been recognised in its consolidated profit and loss account for the financial year of 2013.
During the year under review, its rental and other income from commercial arcades and sale proceeds of properties amounted to a total of approximately HK$121 million. The commercial arcades of Metro Harbour View and Shining Heights were fully let whereas the occupancy rate of the commercial portion of The Spectacle at the year end was about 60%.
During the year, the sale of its Green Code project proceeded satisfactorily with firm prices. A total of 691 units was sold up to the year end date, representing 95% of the saleable units.
The structure of Hung Hom Inland Lot No. 555 at the junction of Gillies Avenue South and Bulkeley Street, Hung Hom has been built up to the sixth floor. The residential-cum-commercial tower will provide a total gross floor area of approximately 56,000 square feet and comprise 95 residential units.
Foundation works of the property at 208 Tung Chau Street have been completed. As disclosed in its announcement published on 16 May 2013, the progress of the project may be delayed due to a case of the Court of Final Appeal of Hong Kong regarding the meaning of the word house under the Government lease. It is still liaising with the relevant government authorities on clarification of the term and will make further announcements and keep its shareholders informed of further developments as and when necessary.
The Ferry, Shipyard and related operations achieved an increase of 21% in operating profit to HK$34 million as compared with last year. The increase was mainly due to the sale of two oil barges during the year. Due to the occurrence of avian flu in China and the anti-government protests in Thailand during the year, the operating results of Travel operations regressed to a deficit of HK$3.3 million this year. It also recorded a surplus of HK$104 million on disposal of certain securities investments in 2013.
This group plans to continue to sell the remaining units of Green Code and launch the sale of Hung Hom Bulkeley Street property this year. Green Code will bring promising sales return to this group if the occupation permit can be procured on time.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited 
Miramar s turnover rose by 2% to approximately HK$3,044 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2013 when compared to the last corresponding period. Profit attributable to shareholders decreased by 7% to approximately HK$1,278 million. Excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, underlying profit attributable to shareholders grew by 7% to approximately HK$478 million.
Its four core business units (Hotel and Serviced Apartment, Property Rental, Food and Beverage, and Travel) all performed satisfactorily during the year.
Hotel and Serviced Apartment business experienced a slight decline in average daily rate (ADR) and a slight reduction in EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) to approximately HK$223.8 million. The highlight of the year was the opening on 1 November of Mira Moon, a unique 91-room boutique hotel located in Wan Chai. Miramar is planning the launch of a third Mira brand hotel.
Miramar s portfolio of commercial properties in Hong Kong and mainland China achieved growth in revenues of 7% and EBITDA of 8% in 2013. Its landmark properties in Tsim Sha Tsui include two shopping malls and an office tower. Miramar Shopping Centre (MSC) and Mira Mall remained resilient. Occupancy rate for MSC remained at 97% during 2013, while an increase in average rental unit rate of 6% over last year was achieved. Miramar Tower experienced a slight decline in occupancy rate to 95%, while the average rental unit rate increased by 19%.
Food and Beverage business achieved progress in the past year with revenue up by 12% and losses reduced. During the year, a Tsui Hang Village Cantonese restaurant was opened in Causeway Bay, the third in this popular chain. French Window Brasserie and Bar was re-launched at ifc Mall, and Yunyan Sichuan restaurant was relocated to Times Square under a new identity as Yun Yan.
School Food, a restaurant chain specializing in Korean snack food, was also opened in Times Square.
Travel Business achieved revenue growth of 9% to approximately HK$1,220.9 million and EBITDA of approximately HK$56.6 
In light of increasing losses of its Apparel business, Miramar decided to discontinue this business at the natural expiry of distribution contract terms in December 2013.

The Group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles, as evidenced by its gearing ratio which stood at 17.2% at 31 December 2013 (2012: 17.2%).
In light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past few years, the Group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms ranging from three to fifteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s borrowings from floating interest rates into Hong Kong dollar fixed interest rates. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.
International Finance Centre project, which is owned by a joint venture of the Group, made an approach to the rated bond market which resulted in the successful conclusion of a Guaranteed Notes issuance transaction in May 2013 for a total amount of US$500 million. This issue was rated A2 (Stable) by Moody s Investors Service and A (Stable) by Standard & Poor s Rating Services. At a coupon rate of 2.375% with a tenor of six years, the pricing for this transaction was concluded at a low level relative to the interest rate levels prevailing for comparable public bonds issued by top credit- rated companies in Hong Kong.
Shortly after the end of the financial year, the Group concluded a HK$13,800 million 4-year and 5-year term loanrevolving credit facility on 6 January 2014 with a consortium of 19 leading international banks and local financial institutions. It is the largest syndicated credit facility that has ever been concluded by the Group, reflecting the continuing support and trust of the banking community in the Group.

Taking the helm in early 2014, the new chief of the Federal Reserve of the United States supported the tapering of the quantitative easing programme. At the same time, she reiterated that the federal funds rates would remain low for a considerable time unless there was a change in the economic outlook based on the labour market and general price level. The current low interest rate environment in Hong Kong should continue to underpin housing demand from 
As regards property sales , in addition to the aforesaid Double Cove Starview , the Group plans to embark on sales launches of Double Cove Phase 3 and an array of urban residential developments this year. Together with the unsold stocks, a total of over 3,800 residential units in Hong Kong will be available for sale 
The Group has a land reserve in the New Territories of about 42.5 million square feet, the largest holding among its peers in Hong Kong. As the earnest development of the New Territories as well as Introduction of a Pilot Scheme for Arbitration on Land Premium were both issues committed to by the Government in its Policy Address, land-use conversion may hopefully be expedited. Besides, the Group has been active in acquiring old tenement buildings in urban areas so as to expand its development land bank. Many of these redevelopment projects have been put up for sale and will be completed successively. For the current year and over the next three years, nearly 7.0 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area is expected to be available for sale or leasing. Details for these development projects are summarised in the above categories (1) to (6).
Turning to mainland China, the Third Plenary Session held late last year re-defined the policies on the mainland property sector, clearly focusing on the market mechanism and emphasizing comprehensive and deepening reforms in the long-term. The control measures for prime cities will continue to be strengthened, with the restrictions on home purchases, housing mortgage loans and other related measures unlikely to be withdrawn in the near future. However, there may be hopes of second and third tier cities seeing a gradual relaxation. It is anticipated that the overall economy of China will continue to grow and the demand from end- user home purchases will continue. The Group will actively seek to expand its land bank in the mainland, targeting projects for first time home buyers and upgraders. Apart from developing properties on its own, the Group will continue looking for new joint-venture projects with local property developers.
In the Group s Hong Kong land bank, properties under development accounted for 13.7 million square feet. Inclusive of about 0.8 million square feet of major completed stock, the total attributable gross floor area amounted to approximately 14.5 million square feet. Upon successive completion of these projects, assuming sale can be achieved at HK$10,000 per square foot, together with the completed stock, there would be an accumulative total sales value of HK$145 billion. These projects, about one half of which is located in the prime urban areas with relatively low costs, serve as an important pillar to support the Group s revenue growth for the 
As regards rental business , the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of over 10.0 million square feet in completed investment properties and hotels in Hong Kong. Given the prevailing tight supply of office space, as well as the influx of inbound tourists to the shopping malls, continuous growth is expected in local rental income. Mainland rental income also grew consecutively. The scheduled completion of Henderson 688 in Shanghai in 2014 will expand the Group s mainland rental portfolio by about 0.7 million square feet to 7.3 million square feet in gross floor area. In 2013, the Group s pre-tax net rental income continued to record a double-digit growth to HK$5,605 million.
With a continually expanding rental portfolio and an optimised tenant mix, the Group s rental income is set to rise further, serving as another key stable income pillar of the Group.
The Group s associates , namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, Miramar and Hong Kong Ferry, provide a solid basis for the Group s sustainable growth in recurrent income. Hong Kong and China Gas, in particular, makes the most significant profit contribution. Inclusive of projects of its subsidiary, Towngas China, this group currently has 173 projects on the mainland, spread across 22 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. For its piped-gas business, it has a total of over 19.0 million gas customers in Hong Kong and mainland China. The sizeable customer base amid an expanding business coverage ensures a promising return from this group. Together, they serve as another pillar to support the Group s sustainable earnings growth.
The above three major income pillars, as well as a strong balance sheet with a low gearing, enable the Group to create value for shareholders over the long haul. In the absence of unforeseen circumstances, the Group s performance in the coming financial year will be satisfactory.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2014 
