TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2002, turnover decreased 41.7% to $3,254 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders was $691.8 million, 7.1% lower than last year. Earnings per share was 52.3 cents, representing a decrease of 7.1% over last year.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 32 cents per share and total dividends for the year would be 44 cents per share. Both are the same as last year.

Hong Kong s economy as well as its real estate sector are both extremely weak. The latter contributed to the former and is also a victim of it. Regional economic malaise has curbed office demand and unemployment has reached heights unseen in recent decades. Consumer spending shrunk which together with falling property prices, gave us a recalcitrant deflation. Expectations of further drops in prices in turn became a powerful deterrent to potential home acquisitions, and so the vicious circle continues.
Such is the state of our industry. In some cases, residential prices are not much more than a third of the mid-1990 s, and transaction volume is very low.
Sales gimmicks employed by developers managed to attract a layer of society younger in age and less financially secured which perhaps should not have been tapped, for we may be creating potential negative equity victims of tomorrow. But even that group is now apparently exhausted.
It is thus not surprising that our property business through the subsidiary Hang Lung Properties reported diminished results. The immediate reason was that there were much less property sales activities. Leasing in Hong Kong fell only slightly but was made up by growth in Shanghai.
Hotel is another very weak part of our business.
Record high tourist arrivals are misleading as far as the hospitality industry is concerned. First, about one- third of them are same day visitors they arrive through one mode of transportation and depart a few hours later through another. Much of these are Cross- Strait travelers between Taiwan and the Mainland due to the prohibition of direct transport links between the two sides on the part of the Taipei government.
The others are mainlanders using our international airport to go overseas and to return to. Plane tickets from anywhere in the mainland to Shenzhen, an hour north of Hong Kong by road, is far cheaper than flying directly into our city.
Another reason for the industry s predicament is that although mainland visitors who stay overnight have the highest per capita spending higher than those from the U.S., Europe and Japan, a phenomenal development worth pondering on little money is spent on accommodation. Given an abundance of rooms in Hong Kong, tour group operators can negotiate room rates such that they are hardly profitable to the hotels.
But to keep staff from losing their jobs, hoteliers will nevertheless have to take the business.
The hospitality industry is not expected to improve in the near future. Given the economic slow down in the West and the constant threat of terrorism, high hotel spending Americans and Europeans are unlikely to rush in anytime soon. The same is true of Japanese tourists. At the same time, the supply of rooms will increase significantly. Between 2002 and 2005, the city expects 19 new hotels with a total of about 10,700 rooms, a rise in the latter of over 26% from last year. Unless the situation is drastically changed for the better which is not anticipated, we and many other hotel operators may soon slip into the red.
A few months ago, we terminated all new activities in non-real estate fields. Any remaining commitments which are all passive investments will of course be honored, but the dollars involved are small. When all projects are eventually liquidated, I suspect that any loss which so far all come from start-up expenses will be adequately covered by investment profits. As such, the exercise should have little or no financial impact on the company.
The only potential investment which was close to consummation before the retrenchment was a series of small French hotels. Uncertainties in the major world economies, namely the U.S. and European Union, and the rise of terrorism in the West, together with the associated disappearance of favorable financing, contributed to the decision.
Closer to home, the difficult property market environment in Hong Kong also requires the full attention of management, making us less willing to divert time and effort. Ironically, the tough time in the real estate sector has given us a unique opportunity to greatly strengthen our relative position in the industry. Perhaps it is better that we should focus our resources to exploit that favorable situation before venturing outside. And as the huge Chinese economy continues to grow, it is hard to imagine that a Hong Kong-based group like us will find better opportunities elsewhere other than our motherland.

To understand the real estate industry, especially the residential sector, one must first properly interpret events of the past five years.
Due to government policies and the Asian Crisis, residential prices started to fall soon after the city s return to China. However, it was not until recent months that the community has finally recognized that at issue is not just our industry but the health of the entire economy. Any further deterioration in property value is not good for anyone.
Since the beginning of the industry s plight in early 1998, there was a divergence of views in society regarding the nature and extent of its severity. As a result, it was difficult for the government to adequately address the problem. Different sectors of society were clamoring for their own interest which as a phenomenon in itself was not bad. It is a mere reflection of a pluralistic society. The trouble lies in the fact that many of the views expressed were uninformed and lacked proper understanding of the economy and, in particular, of the real estate market.
The government for its part has made a number of mistakes. Whereas the original intention of building 85,000 units per year for ten years as enunciated by our Chief Executive Mr. Tung Chee Hwa in his inaugural speech on July 1, 1997 was noble to increase home ownership from 60% at that time to 70% by 2007 the timing could not have been worse.
The Asian Crisis quietly arrived in July 1997, but local developers were not aware of its impact until 1998.
This can be seen from the fact that some of the most expensive pieces of land were auctioned by the government in the closing months of 1997.
Local politicians were even slower to see impending danger. Their overwhelming view until recently was that real estate prices must not be allowed to rise again. Bowing to such pressures might have blinded the government to the seriousness of the situation, although admittedly governments anywhere seldom foresee looming troubles. It also failed to understand the power and ramifications of its own medicine.
As a result, in the first year of the new government, it gave an enormous amount of land to the Housing Authority to build subsidized sale flats. These were to account for two-thirds of the target of 85,000 annual units. One would think that after reality hit home in mid-1998 and the government was forced to impose a 9-month land sale moratorium, the community and the government would wake up. They did not not even after the moratorium ended in April 1999.
On the part of the government, anti-speculation measures were not partially removed until early 2001.
Not until the fall of 2001, almost four years after the property crisis started, did it stop granting land to the Housing Authority and announced a 10 month moratorium on the sales of Home Ownership Scheme 
Politicians and commentators were even slower to recognize market realities. When the Chief Executive said in August 2000 that the 85,000 units per year goal no longer existed, it attracted a slew of accusations that he was kowtowing to developers.
Until recently, they still talked about preventing residential prices from rising, during which time prices were steadily falling and negative equity victims suffering. Even today, they are debating whether the government should prop up prices.
The government has also been accused of vacillating in its housing policies. Knowing our Chief Executive, I do not believe that this is the case. Instead, the new government was at a loss to react to what was a new phenomenon in our city total freedom of expression. (Previously, the British administration was most skillful in controlling opposing voices. For example, there were consequences for newspapers when criticizing the government, something which is unthinkable today. Insubordination was never allowed within the government whereas the British insured that there would be such after 1997.) As contrasting opinions mostly between certain Legislators and social activists on the one hand and major businessmen on the other were tugging at each other, different governmental departments would at different times try to please the opposing constituencies, thus giving the impression of vacillation. Even some less politically astute developers failed to understand this and were 
Given the above, it is evident that both the political elite and government must share the blame. It is altogether unfair of the former to put all responsibilities on the latter while conveniently exonerating themselves. They must realize that there are consequences to their erroneous noises. The reality, unfortunately, is of course that they do not have to be accountable for their words and actions, for there is no cost to criticizing the government. (In fact, anyone who does so will likely score points with liberal-minded American press prejudiced against the Hong Kong government due to the support it enjoys from Beijing.) They should at least do it constructively, and should have the moral courage to admit mistakes when proven so.
Like me, many real estate professionals fault the government for not taking drastic actions earlier. But given the political complications outlined above, perhaps we should not be too harsh. However, there will come a time and I believe that it has arrived that the government must exert leadership in spite of oppositions. It can never please everyone and must do what is in the best interest of the whole. Afterall, considerable consensus is already present in society that further price deterioration is undesirable. Different sectors only differ on how strong the cure should be.
To be sure, Hong Kong is suffering from a housing crisis. I believe that the government should now once and for all terminate the sales of HOS flats. What to do with the existing empty units and those under construction is a matter of technicality which should not be allowed to cloud the overriding objective of jump-starting the market. The Housing Authority should only build public housing to be rented to the truly needy. The HOS, like its sister schemes the Private Sector Participations Scheme, Middle Income Housing Scheme, Sandwich Class Housing Scheme, and Mixed Development Scheme has outlived its historic mission. It is the product of a deliberate distortion of the residential market through the artificial high land price policy of the pre-1997 days. Now that the distortion has been removed by the new government through the introduction of sufficient land supply and of a transparent market, HOS should be relegated to its rightful place the history book.
Housing affordability is at all time high, and private apartments have fallen by two-thirds in value such that they are as cheap as HOS flats. Fundamental changes in the industry s structure have ensured that residential prices cannot run away anymore. Among other measures, by subjecting land sales to market forces through the land application plan and no longer totally controlled by the government, housing will become another commodity. It will be subject and sensitive to supply and demand. The lack of public interest in the sales of HOS flats after the 10-month moratorium which ended in July proves my case.
There are other things that the government should do. Chief among them is to remove MTRC and KCRC, our subway and railway companies respectively, from competing with private developers. These two companies obtain land from the government on a subsidized basis for their stations and maintenance depots. They then enter into joint venture with private developers to construct buildings for sale. Under the former high land price policy when property values more often than not rose consistently, the two corporations benefited and created the miracle that was almost unique in the world railroad companies can make money, apparently without government subsidies. Now that the real estate sector has fundamentally changed and the property myth punctuated, it is high time to review that policy.
Overall lower property prices ensure that land development will no longer be able to support rail expansion unless the government grossly increase the amount of land granted or decrease the land premium charged. Either route will further distort the market, not to mention that the amount of land the two companies already own can only be described as massive. Once land is in their hands, they can release anything anytime, thus making the market less transparent. This is not to mention how inefficient are the property departments of these two quasi- governmental entities. They must approach that of the bloated Housing Authority and are very bureaucratic. I dare say that the same amount of work in a private enterprise will take no more than a third of the staff. Even taking into consideration of the semi- public nature of their development work, this is still 
In this regard, it seems only sensible to merge MTRC and KCRC. The government s reasons not to do so are unreasonable such as to create competition when land is granted. The recent listing of MTRC under present arrangements is unwise. As a matter of principle, why should the government give land at subsidized rates to a public company with the government being the major shareholder, when it competes head on with private sector developers? At the least, public floatation makes it more difficult to merge with KCRC.
The objective of doing all of the above is to have a stable property sector. Whereas many developers are reminiscing about the good old days of the high land price policy, I have always advocated at least partly if not primarily for social good the removal of market distortions. Lower property prices will mean that our city will be more competitive, and competition is keen indeed. If Singapore is no longer our worry, then Shanghai should be. One way or another, only those whether an individual or a city who constantly improve will survive in today s fast changing world.
So however it comes, Hong Kong property prices are now depressed. Asset deflation is never easy and must be managed carefully. Unfortunately, for reasons described above, we have not adequately overseen the process. If not remedied, continued deterioration of real estate value will become an even bigger milestone to our economy than what it already is.
Selfishly speaking, an even longer bear market is not necessarily bad for our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP). Of all the major real estate companies, it has the least troubled inventory, has the best and cheapest land bank, and has one of the strongest balance sheets. Land on hand will last until 2005 if not 2006, and it has another year or two to acquire more in order to hopefully maintain consistent profit. A depressed market may allow it to purchase cheaply as it has done in 1999 and 2000. Like in those days, HLP may with some luck once again be almost the only company buying. Admittedly sales of flats will have to be postponed but so will everyone else. Yet unlike some others, HLP does not have pressure for cash. With the lowest cost and the best located andor shaped plots in each of the districts where it owns land, it is very competitive indeed. This is not to mention our belief that HLP s product quality is among the best in the business. As such, our relative position in the industry will be further strengthened as was the case in the past few years.
Nevertheless, our overriding concern is the overall health of the economy. Further deterioration will mean added suffering to our already battered citizens, such as more layoffs, an increase in the number of families with negative equity, and generally more social problems. This is why we, together with I believe all other major developers, hope that the government will exert strong leadership at this time to revive the market and to restore societal confidence.
But for now, the market environment is dark indeed.
Our investors can only take comfort in the fact that whatever befalls the property sector; we are well positioned to take advantage of it. Management also believes that the market will one day recover. When that happens, some developers will have been by then severely weakened, while a few will emerge stronger. I am confident that we are in the latter 
Ronnie C. Chan 
