Chairman s Statement Results and Dividend Turnover for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2006 decreased by 42.7% to HK$4,283.7 million while net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 39% to HK$2,832.6 million. Earnings per share was 212.8 cents, representing a drop of 39.1% from the year before.
When excluding the revaluation gain and its corresponding deferred tax, the underlying net profit retreated by 49.2% from HK$1,869.2 million to HK$949.8 million, and the underlying earnings per share by 49.4% to 71.3 cents.
A final dividend of 41 cents per share is recommended by the Board which is 2.5% higher than last year. If approved, total dividends for the full year will be 55.5 cents per share, an increase of 1.8% compared to that of the last fiscal year.

The fall in turnover and profit is due primarily to the weak local residential market. So far no one has been able to adequately explain why prices fell and why sales in the primary market were so lethargic.
2005 saw the total number of transactions at less than 16,000 units, down from almost 27,000 of the year before. In the first half of 2006, only 4,200 new units were sold. It is the lowest six months in well over a decade. Between 2002 and 2004, annual volume approached that of the hey days of the early 1990 s. Now everyone is at a loss regarding the recent weakness. Its onset last October was a conundrum.
Some blame the rising interest rate. That is a factor but certainly not the only one. Even after more than doubling in a year, the new mortgage rate is still well below the historic norm. For decades there was a fairly clear correlation between the stock and the residential markets. The former has been quite strong of late, so there is a disconnect. As always Hong Kong people s sentiments toward buying properties are fickle, but why are new units not moving while the secondary market was strong? The sudden downturn in both price and transaction volume of new apartments last October is hard to understand. Only a month before, surprisingly high land prices were achieved at a government auction.
History tells us that this should have stimulating effects on potential home buyers. It did not, and if it did, it was in the unexpected direction the primary market fell silent.
The worst implication of not being able to explain the downturn is that we will not know when it will recover. We do not know where exactly to look. We can only hope that now as the interest rate rise plateaus and the stock market remains robust, the fickle sentiments will somehow improve.
All these are but cyclical movements in the marketplace. Of much more significance to the future of our business are systemic changes in the real estate industry. It is useful to review briefly the past to shed light on the future.
Over a period of some three decades beginning in the late 1960 s, real estate has increasingly become a pillar of the Hong Kong economy. Some of the biggest listed companies are in this sector.
Buying apartments for homeownership andor speculation became a common pursuit of our citizens young and old. A popular weekend outing for many families was to visit show flats of new projects, even though some of them had no plans to purchase any time soon. This must be a unique phenomenon not seen almost anywhere else in the world! Huge amounts of wealth were concentrated in the hands of a dozen or so developers while smaller sums were spread over tens of thousands of lesser players. Professional and semi-professional speculators abounded, but there were also many amateurs doctors, teachers, bank-tellers, housewives and even blue-collar workers, etc.
While real property has made many rich, less spoken of are those who were bankrupted or almost bankrupted. Even major players were not spared in each decade a number of high profile ones were wiped out. Severe price volatility left a pile of wreckage in each market downturn. Fortunately the overall rising market that lasted decades has created more winners than losers.
Another phenomenon unseen elsewhere in the world was that as publicly listed property companies grew in size, the controlling families were somehow able to maintain absolute control, holding say between 35% and 65% of company shares. For a heavily capital intensive industry, and given firms with tens and even hundreds of billions of dollars in market capitalization, this is unthinkable. This was made possible before the stock market became better regulated in the late 1980 s and in the early 1990 s. In those days developers had a double-play they made money not only in real estate but also in their own shares. Given high volatility in both, they sold buildings andor issued company stock to the public when they were hot, and acquired land or bought back shares when the markets reversed.
It was an opportunity of a life time! Better yet, the game was open to all almost all major players today started with basically nothing in the 1960 s and 1970 s.
There are many reasons why Hong Kong real estate prices became some of the highest in the world. Geographically we are small yet densely populated. In the decades after World War II, streams of immigrants from the north flooded the city. When mainland China was closed off to the outside before 1978, Hong Kong benefited as its window to the world. Once the country under Mr. Deng Xiaoping decided to open its doors, China needed capital, technology and overseas markets. Again Hong Kong played a pivotal role. In both periods, our city s economy was the chief beneficiary. There is no question that without the unique path treaded by the mainland in the past few decades, our real estate sector could not have been so vibrant and for so long.
A more direct cause of exorbitant property prices was the high land price policy under the then British government in Hong Kong. The colonial administration never admitted to having such a policy, but if not, why squeeze the 6 million plus population onto less than 18% of the total land mass? This turned out to be a brilliant if not dubious scheme. Not only did the city save on infrastructure costs, but since the government owned all the land, its coffers were overflowing from the sales of land and property related transaction fees. In certain years, these accounted for as much as 40% of annual government income. This enabled us to maintain a low tax regime. High residential values also made our citizens feel good, hence a wealth effect which stimulated consumption and brought up many other industries.
Even the high interest rates of the 1980 s and the concurrent political uncertainties due to Sino-British negotiations over Hong Kong s return to China were unable to stop the price rise. The agreement between the two governments to limit annual land supply to 50 hectares ensured that property prices remained high. With minor hiccups, the bull market lasted some thirteen years. It ended in early 1998 as the effects of the Asian Financial Crisis set in.
What happened in the ensuing five to six years was painful to almost all developers. Your Company was one of the very few well prepared for it and had in fact become much stronger. Details of what transpired are immaterial to this discussion so I will not go into them here. It suffices to say that as severe and long-lasting as the downturn was, the impact of the Asian Financial Crisis would eventually go away for the effects were cyclical in nature. (The root causes of the Crisis were, however, systemic as I had written years ago.) Much more significant was that the fundamentals which kept property prices high before 1997 had been altered most likely permanently. This is a fact that our society, including many of our developers, has yet to confront. Some did not analyze the situation appropriately, while others did not want to face reality.
First, high land price policy can no longer be practiced. It is not so much a government decision as it is the prevailing sentiment of a society which is now much more democratic than pre-1997.
The loudest voice is the one heard even though it is not rational.
Low land prices and affordable housing ostensibly protect the have-nots of society. However, over 40% of our supposedly poorer citizens are already enjoying subsidised government homeownership or cheap rents which incidentally are not sufficient to pay for maintenance! For the most part, they also pay no salary taxes.
Then at least an equal number of our citizens who are considered middle class are already owners of private housing. They worked hard to achieve that status and are in fact subsidizing the first group through salary taxes and high residential prices which conceptually can be seen as another form of taxation. These people actually want to see their apartments rise in value and prefer the high land price policy. But as everywhere else, the silent majority of the middle class do not speak up so the irrational voices dominate society. The latter are unaware of the negative effects of a listless real estate market or are unconcerned. Anyone who now dares to advocate higher property prices is considered a publican and a sinner.
Just as critical but even less discussed is the fact that mainland China s need for Hong Kong is diminishing. To be sure, our usefulness will not quickly disappear altogether. Low taxation, an excellent judiciary, and our currency will keep Hong Kong as a financial center in the foreseeable future. But beyond that, our previous advantages have been disappearing one by one. Throughout the 1980 s manufacturing jobs have gradually finished migrating north. In the 1990 s, lower paying service positions such as back office functions have followed suit. Now in the new millennium, professional posts are beginning to leave as well. Mainland China which not long ago depended on us for almost everything except water and food is now increasingly becoming our competitor. It is inevitable fighting it is futile and ignoring it is foolish.
As the fulcrum of economic activities moves north, who are left in Hong Kong to buy our apartments? There will of course be some but the number will become less and less. A new equilibrium will be achieved but we are far from it. In other words, things will deteriorate further before they stabilize.
As our society and that of the mainland integrate economically, certain social phenomena will happen. Cost differentials will take its toll. More and more of our citizens will buy housing on the other side, including those who purchase second homes and spend weekends there. Afterall, everything is cheaper and Hong Kong s retailers will lose out. Some will get married or will retire there too. All these affect our property market.
Must Hong Kong lose out as the mainland develops? Conceptually no. The whole world is beating a track to China and who is more well-prepared for it than we? We have the same language and the same culture. We have a higher familiarity with the mainland, having been the first to enter either for business or as tourists. Geographically we are right at the door, a position that cannot be replaced. We are even given special privileges by Beijing such as CEPA (Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement) and tens of millions of tourists 
Hong Kong s problem is that after being an economically-led society for decades, it is now dominated by politics. Worse yet, the loudest and perhaps the most skillful politicians have an ideological problem with Beijing. Their deep suspicion of the central government is severely damaging our economy. What should be done instead is to break down as many trade and business barriers as possible, and to integrate economically with the mainland. In this regard, no difficulties cannot be tackled; the only intractable one is local politics.
I am not optimistic that it will be resolved any time soon.
Given that, it is hard to see a bright future for the real estate industry in Hong Kong. Bowing to societal noise yet again, the government has to be at times unreasonably tough on businesses in order to avoid being accused of collusion. When there is a plot of land for sale which is rare these days, a pack of hungry and financially strong firms fight tooth and nail for it.
The question all developers should ask is: why should we play this game? One good reason is that there are no alternatives. Your management, however, rejects that position. Recognizing several years ago the problem described above, we through our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) have strived to open more mainland markets. Successes in Shanghai for the past fourteen years have exceeded our expectations and we will build on them. Our future I believe is bright. That does not mean that we will give up our home market. This business is very volatile and opportunities will from time to time surface. We are ready for them although our primary focus will increasingly shift to the north.

Several years ago, through HLP we embarked on a totally new strategy of building world-class commercial complexes in a number of mainland cities besides Shanghai. We announced it last year after some initial success which gave us assurance that our plan is feasible.
After another year of labor, we are now more certain than ever that our dream can become a reality.
We should, however, never underestimate the many operational difficulties; they make doing business in mainland China extremely frustrating. Starting with the identification and purchase of land, every step is a challenge which stretches our patience and tests our skills.
But as our experiences in Shanghai demonstrate, perseverance pays off. As of today, HLP has signed up five projects with each defined as requiring approximately HK$2 to $2.5 billion. We are hopeful that by the end of this fiscal year, we will have eight or nine. Our goal is to reach a total of twelve the following year.
The critical task in these two years is land acquisition. It involves traveling to and studying dozens of metropolises and picking the best. That is determined not just by our assessment of the economic future of a city but also by our ability to find the most appropriate site in the right location. The latter more often than not becomes the critical factor for our entering a city we like or abandoning it.
Delivering a cleared site by the municipal government usually takes a year or two after the land is purchased. This period of time is used for conceptual design and the building of a management team for that city.
The latter has proven to be almost as challenging as land acquisition.
Some time within this fiscal year, actual construction of our first new project will commence. For the next five to seven years if not longer, given the phasing of the extra large projects, your management will be occupied with these activities. The first completed building should be ready by 2010. Thereafter, two to three complexes will hopefully reach the market each year, making our marketing and leasing team very busy. Property management will follow. We can look forward to the day when rental income from the mainland will surpass that from 
The path is clearly set before us. In the coming years, the key word for management will be execution! Somewhere along the way, we will begin contemplating Stage III of our mainland strategy.
(In Stage I which began in 1992 and will end later this year, we concentrated on one city Shanghai with two huge commercial developments. In Stage II, we go to eight or nine other municipalities to build about twelve sizable commercial projects.) Your management already has some initial ideas but it is still too early for our thinking to solidify. For now we will redouble efforts to execute the existing strategy.
Back in Hong Kong, we hope to sell in this fiscal year completed residential units held by HLP. The profits will go to feed its new mainland projects. Together with rental income, total cash inflow in the coming three years should be almost sufficient to complete most if not all twelve complexes. This shows that both your Company and HLP are very strong financially.
In the more immediate future, rental incomes from Shanghai will rise nicely as the office tower and the two apartment blocks at The Grand Gateway are just completed. Your Company owns 66 .3% of each of them. Tower II of Plaza 66 where we have a 8.5% stake will be ready for occupancy end of this year. Full impact on the bottom line will, however, not be felt until the next fiscal year. All in all, and barring unforeseen circumstances, full year results should be better than those of the previous year.
Ronnie C. Chan 
