The complex picture of global recovery that developed in 2015
created challenging operating conditions for business. While improved
economic indicators in the US led the Federal Reserve to begin raising
interest rates, the slowing of external trade activity in Hong Kong
and lower economic growth in mainland China, along with the uneven
pace of fiscal reform across the eurozone, kept overall growth in the
region modest. Falling prices for commodities and weak trade demand
resulted in slower activity in many emerging market economies.
Against this backdrop, Hang Seng Bank achieved respectable full-year results for 2015. Profit
attributable to shareholders rose by 82% to HK$27,494m and earnings per share increased by 80%
to HK$14.22 per share. Excluding the financial impact of Industrial Bank-related items in both years,
attributable profit rose by 4% and earnings per share increased by 2%.
The Directors have declared a fourth interim dividend of HK$2.40 per share. Following the successful
disposal of the majority of our shareholding interest in Industrial Bank in May 2015, the Directors
have also declared a special interim dividend of HK$3.00 per share. This brings the total distribution
for 2015 to HK$8.70 per share, compared with HK$5.60 in 2014.
Economic Environment
In Hong Kong, robust consumer spending and the strong labour market supported domestic demand,
which was the primary driver of the 2.5% increase in gross domestic product recorded for the first
three quarters of 2015. External trade, however, remained weak, in part reflecting the continuing
challenges to growth faced by several of the world’s major economies. We expect Hong Kong’s GDP
to grow by 1.8-2.4% in 2016.
Ongoing economic deleveraging on the Mainland had a moderating effect on its 2015 GDP growth
rate which, at 6.9%, was down from 7.3% in 2014. However, while traditional drivers of the economy
have slowed, consumption has been resilient, indicating a shift towards a more service-oriented
economy. The People’s Bank of China has cut its required reserve ratio and benchmark interest rates
and is expected to maintain steady economic growth. Our forecast for 2016 GDP growth on the
Mainland is 6.7%.
The effects of Mainland economic transition and the normalisation of US monetary policy are likely
to create ongoing challenges to the pace of economic development in Asia in the year ahead. At the
same time, the ‘One Belt, One Road’ initiative, the further opening up of financial markets on the
Mainland and efforts to further internationalise the renminbi should provide new opportunities to
grow our business.
I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all staff, the Bank’s senior management and my
fellow Board members for their invaluable contributions in the development and execution of our
long-term growth objectives. I also wish to offer sincere thanks to our customers and shareholders
for their continuing loyalty and trust.
With premium customer service at the heart of our strategy for sustainable growth, we will continue
to invest capital and other resources in reinforcing our market position, enhancing efficiency and
increasing value for shareholders.
Raymond Ch’ien Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 February 2016