CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.
RESULTS
The Group’s profit after taxation and minority interests for the year ended 30th June 2002 was HK$8,519 million, an
increase of two per cent compared with last year’s profit of HK$8,330 million. Earnings per share for the year were
HK$3.55, representing a two per cent increase compared with HK$3.47 for the previous year.
DIVIDENDS
The Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.00 per share for the year ended 30th
June 2002. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.55 per share, the dividend for the year will be HK$1.55 per
share, the same as in the previous year. To celebrate the Group’s 30th anniversary, the Directors have also
recommended the payment of a special cash dividend of HK$0.60 per share, making the total dividend for the year
HK$2.15 per share.
REVIEW
Sales
During the year ended 30th June 2002, the Group sold and pre - sold properties amounting to HK$15,151 million in
attributable terms. The corresponding figure for the previous year was HK$19,641 million, which included proceeds
from the sale of The Leighton Hill in Happy Valley. Major residential projects sold during the year include Villa by the
Park in Yuen Long, Park Central in Tseung Kwan O and Liberté in Cheung Sha Wan. Property sales since July this year
have exceeded HK$6,300 million. This encouraging figure is due mainly to the overwhelming success of Park Island
on Ma Wan.
Land Bank
During the year, the Group added a residential site in Tin Ping
Shan, Sheung Shui, to its land bank through land use conversion,
with a total gross floor area of 537,000 square feet.
The Group’s land bank in Hong Kong amounts to 50.4 million
square feet, consisting of 19.3 million square feet of completed
investment properties and 31.1 million square feet of
properties under development.
The Group adds to its land bank when appropriate opportunities
arise. In November 2001, the Group agreed with the
government on land premiums of HK$2,100 million for seven
sites. The Group also owns over 21 million square feet of
agricultural land in the New Territories, mainly located along
existing or planned railway lines. The majority of this is in the
process of land use conversion, primarily for residential use.
Property Development
So far in 2002, activity in the primary residential market is greater than in the corresponding period last year,
notwithstanding sluggish macro - economic conditions in Hong Kong and recent stock market volatility. Homebuyers
now are genuine end - users, and the majority are first - time buyers.
The affordability of apartments for the average local family is the strongest ever, and property prices are now back
to the level of 1991. This fact, coupled with abundant mortgage financing and record low mortgage interest rates,
means that people find it more economical to buy flats than to rent.
The government’s housing policy is now more market - driven, allowing greater room for the private sector to meet
the demand. The government’s recent message concerning housing is clear and positive. These factors are not only
conducive to healthy development in the housing market, but also boost homebuyers’ confidence in property ownership
over the long term. The Group will continue to produce a high volume of residential developments for sale.
Customer satisfaction has always been one of the Group’s primary aims, and it enhances its premium - quality,
large - scale residential developments with comprehensive clubhouse facilities. The Group offers customers a wider
range of flat sizes to choose from in order to suit changing preferences, although the emphasis is on small and
medium units.
In spite of a difficult operating environment, the Group’s property sales were encouraging. The sale of Park Island
Phase 1 saw an overwhelming response in August 2002, and virtually all of Phase 1, comprising over
2,500 units, sold in a two - week period. This remarkable showing reflects the Group’s strong branding and commitment
to premium - quality developments.
The Group offers products and customer service of the highest quality and a comprehensive lifestyle to satisfy
residents. It is dedicated to building properties with better designs, more efficient layouts and premium quality in
construction and finishes, all the while maintaining strict cost controls. The Group recently launched a corporate
branding campaign aimed at the younger generation of new homebuyers, on the theme ‘Building Homes with Our
Heart’. The response to date has been positive.
Property Investment
Gross rental income during the year, including the Group’s share of joint - venture projects, was HK$5,844 million,
compared to HK$5,877 million last year. Net rental income grew to HK$4,432 million from HK$4,401 million, and
the slight rise in operating margin was due mainly to better efficiency and cost controls. Despite a slowdown in
leasing, occupancy of the Group’s investment properties remains satisfactory at 92 per cent.
Although consumer spending remains slow, the Group’s retail property portfolio performed satisfactorily, since the
malls are located primarily in new towns, supplying daily necessities to their customers. Closer links between
Hong Kong and the Mainland will encourage two - way traffic across the border, and the Group’s retail portfolio is likely
to benefit from this since the majority of the shopping centres are located along the railway network.
The Group upgrades its shopping centres regularly
with renovations and adjustments to tenant mix, to
increase the flow of shoppers and create value for
tenants. It also organizes regular marketing and
promotional activities in its malls to improve business
and attract shoppers. Renovations to Metroplaza in
Kwai Fong finished recently, in line with the Group’s
shopping mall strategy. The mall now has a better
layout and utilization of space, and is virtually fully
let at higher rents. Renovations to New Town Plaza
in Shatin are being planned to strengthen its branding
and enhance rental value.
Two International Finance Centre (Two IFC) is being
built above Hong Kong Station on the Airport Railway.
It consists of an 88 - storey office tower, retail space,
two hotel blocks and ample car parking spaces.
Construction is proceeding in phases and going well.
Completion of the office tower is scheduled for mid -
2003. With interactive technology, superb office
facilities and a world - renowned, six - star Four
Seasons hotel, Two IFC will be a new Central
landmark on the Victoria Harbour shoreline. The
Group has a 47.5 per cent interest in the entire
development, which is scheduled for completion
towards the end of 2004.
Kowloon Station Development Packages 3, 5, 6 and 7 are
situated in a future commercial and cultural centre of Hong Kong,
and will include residential units, an office building of over 100
storeys, retail space and hotel complexes. Incorporating the
latest technology and ultra - modern design and facilities, the
development will be a new landmark for the territory. Foundation
work has already begun. The development includes two million
square feet of residential space, which is scheduled for presale
in the second half of 2003. The whole development will be
completed in phases over the next five years.
The Group’s Millennium City development in Kwun Tong has
transformed Kowloon East into one of the territory’s major
commercial hubs. Following the success of the first two phases,
pre - leasing of the Phase 3 office space has just begun. Phase 5
is the single largest component of Millennium City, comprising office premises and a regional shopping centre of
about 600,000 square feet. Foundation work has already started, and the project is scheduled for completion by the
end of 2004. The Group sold 407,000 square feet, part of the Phase 5 office space, to a major local bank recently,
and this prestigious occupant will help to increase the development’s attractiveness in terms of leasing value. The
Group intends to keep the remaining space in Phase 5 as a long - term investment.
Low demand for office space exerted pressure on rents during
the year. However, a revival in office demand is likely as global
financial markets recover. The opening up of the Mainland
market will bring more business and opportunities to Hong
Kong. With Hong Kong’s role as an international centre for
finance, commerce, trade and tourism, demand for high - quality
office buildings, as well as residential and retail properties, is
expected to rise over the medium to long term.
The Group recently sold its 25 per cent interest in two
commercial complexes in the New Territories, and it will
consider selling other non - core rental properties to enhance
asset turnover and returns. The Group maintains an optimal
tenant mix in its portfolio and strives to raise customer and
tenant service, aiming to become the landlord of first choice.
The Group is confident that its well - diversified, superior rental
portfolio will continue to generate solid recurrent income.
Information Technology and Telecommunications
SUNeVision
During the period under review, SUNeVision turned a significant corner, shrinking losses through a decisive
company - wide restructuring to reduce costs further and improve efficiency. The restructuring included the closure
of unprofitable business units, making sufficient provisions on venture capital investments and reducing operating
costs, while at the same time, reallocating resources and streamlining management structures. iAdvantage’s data
centres have performed satisfactorily, and further improvements are expected from new leasing commitments.
SUNeVision remains financially strong, with approximately HK$1,800 million in cash and interest - bearing securities.
SUNeVision’s restored fundamentals, revenue - centred strategy and financial strength equip it well for future growth.
The company’s existing operations will continue to drive business expansion, and tight cost controls will remain in
place. SUNeVision will also pursue new technology - related businesses at the appropriate time, to complement its
current core operations.
SmarTone
The year under review marked SmarTone’s return to profitability
despite a difficult operating environment. Net profit for the year
amounted to HK$115 million, recovering sharply from a net
loss of HK$284 million in the previous year. This improved
performance is a result of the company’s revitalized focus on
its core mobile business and the reorganization of its activities
in line with three key business principles: customer orientation,
effectiveness and efficiency.
SmarTone has made significant investments to upgrade all areas of
its core mobile business. The company will continue to introduce
compelling data - centric services, which will be the key drivers for its future growth. SmarTone is ready for the
commercial rollout of its 3G network, which will become critical when capacity demand from wide take - up of
data - centric services occurs. The Group is confident in SmarTone’s future prospects and committed to holding its
stake as a long - term strategic investment.
Transportation and Infrastructure
Kowloon Motor Bus
The Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB) recorded strong earnings growth for 2001, reflecting the company’s ability to
re - deploy resources efficiently under weakened economic conditions. The company will continue to upgrade its bus
fleet and introduce environmental - protection measures, as well as provide value - added information facilities, to
increase productivity and further improve the quality and reliability of service to its customers. KMB extended its 
integrated bus network through bus - to - bus interchange
schemes, providing more convenient service to
passengers and enabling better utilization of resources.
The company also relocated its bus depot from Lai
Chi Kok to a newly - completed facility on the West
Kowloon reclamation in May 2002. Redevelopment of
the former site into a residential complex is planned
for completion in 2005. KMB will continue to explore
business opportunities in public transport, both in Hong
Kong and on the Mainland. RoadShow Holdings, the
listed subsidiary of KMB, continues to focus on outdoor
media sales and is striving to enrich the information
and programming in its multi - media on - board service.
Other Infrastructure
The Wilson Group performed well, expanding its car park and transport infrastructure management businesses,
while streamlining operating costs. Route 3 (Country Park Section) recorded steady traffic flow during the year.
The River Trade Terminal in Tuen Mun and Airport Freight Forwarding Centre are operating smoothly. Construction of
two berths for Asia Container Terminals at Container Terminal 9 is progressing in phases, and completion is expected
by mid - 2004.
All the Group’s infrastructure projects are in Hong Kong and will provide solid returns over the long term.
Hotels
With increasing visitor arrivals, the Group’s three hotels recorded satisfactory results during the year. Average
occupancy remained high: at 86 per cent for the Royal Garden, 87 per cent for the Royal Park and 85 per cent for
the Royal Plaza, all above average industry performance.
The government’s efforts to promote Hong Kong as a regional tourism hub and expedite procedures for visitors from
the Mainland will continue to boost arrivals. Business travellers to Hong Kong are expected to grow in number over
time, because of the increased commercial activity anticipated with China’s membership in the World Trade Organization
(WTO), and in the longer term, the Beijing Olympics. The Group plans to develop six - star hotels, strategically located
above the Hong Kong and Kowloon stations on the Airport Railway, to exploit these new business opportunities.
Mainland Business
China’s economy has performed well so far in 2002, and the inflow of foreign direct investment has remained
steady. Entry to the WTO has opened China further to foreign investment. This, together with accelerated economic
reform, will help drive economic development to a new level.
The Group’s property investment portfolio on the Mainland also performed satisfactorily during the year. Sun Dong
An Plaza in Beijing was over 96 per cent let, and Shanghai Central Plaza was 94 per cent occupied. With China’s
promising economic prospects, particularly since its entry to the WTO, the Group has been more active in exploring
investment opportunities there.
Corporate Finance
The Group will maintain its conservative financial policy, with high liquidity and low financial leverage. Its net debt to
shareholders’ funds ratio was 15.6 per cent as at 30th June 2002, and all of its credit facilities are unsecured. The
Group has substantial committed undrawn facilities on standby for future business expansion, and its exposure to
foreign currency risk is negligible, given that almost all of its borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong dollars. The
Group has not taken any speculative positions in derivatives, and it has no off - balance - sheet or contingent liabilities,
other than borrowings of joint - venture companies.
In addition, the Group continues to lengthen its debt maturity profile in line with long - term investment needs, and
is exploring opportunities to diversify its funding base. During the year, the Group arranged two seven - year,
HK$7,500 million syndicated loan facilities to refinance short - tem debt. It also issued fixed - rate notes with maturities
up to ten years under its Euro Medium - Term Note programme, to extend its debt maturity further and diversify
sources of funding. In the current low interest rate environment, the Group will source long - term financing at competitive
rates, as and when appropriate.
Corporate Governance
The Group is committed to the highest standard of corporate governance and determined to ensure that its shareholders
benefit from scrupulous adherence to the principles of governance in every aspect of its business. The Group
continually strives to maintain a high level of transparency, has established accountability mechanisms and makes
improvements wherever possible, all with the full support of the board and management. It also views well - developed
reporting systems and internal controls as essential to ensuring the accuracy and reliability of the financial information
that it uses internally and releases to the public. As part of this dedication to good corporate governance, the Group
discloses information promptly and practises transparent reporting, to build confidence among investors and facilitate
their understanding of the Group’s affairs.
Customer Service, Human Resources and
Environmental Protection
High - quality customer service is paramount for the Group, and it
devotes considerable effort to achieving this goal. Various new
initiatives have been put in place to streamline new property handover
procedures and ensure high standards of quality. The Group’s property
management companies regularly win awards for their levels of service,
estate cleanliness and environmental awareness. They also run
recycling programmes for a cleaner, greener Hong Kong and provide
a wide range of after - sales service.
The Group believes that people are one of its greatest assets, and it
places significant emphasis on recruiting high - calibre staff and offering
them ongoing training and development. Staff members are encouraged to practise life - long learning, and the Group
strives to instil its staff with a positive attitude towards personal and professional growth. The Group also fosters a
strong sense of teamwork as part of its corporate culture.
In addition to the day - to - day interaction between front - line staff and customers, the Group’s senior management also
makes periodic home visits to strengthen two - way communication with homeowners.
Membership in the SHKP Club is growing, currently standing at over 160,000. Members enjoy a wide range of
special privileges related to the Group’s shopping centres and residential properties for sale.
PROSPECTS
Mainland China is expected to grow impressively, and with Hong Kong’s strategic location, the territory should be
able to take full advantage of this expansion. China’s membership in the WTO will open its domestic markets further
and speed up economic development, offering enormous business and investment opportunities.
Hong Kong is facing significant economic hurdles and restructuring itself as a knowledge - based economy. Nonetheless,
with the unique strengths and advantages it has built and greater economic integration with the fast - growing Pearl
River Delta, Hong Kong should be able to overcome the challenges ahead and achieve sustainable future growth.
Over the short term, Hong Kong faces a difficult economic environment because of slower growth worldwide and the
fact that the US and European economies have weakened. But while unemployment and deflation still weigh on local
investor and consumer confidence, the remarkable upswing in Mainland tourists and improved merchandise exports
should offer a ray of optimism.
The current low interest rate environment, strong apartment
affordability and a pro - market government housing policy should
continue to underpin the demand for private developments.
Supply is expected to conform better to demand, pointing to a
relatively healthier market ahead. The Hong Kong government’s
population policy, to be released within the next few months,
should offer positive news for the territory’s economy and private
housing market.
Given that Hong Kong people generally have a desire to better
their living environments, there is a solid long - term demand.
This, coupled with a pro - market government policy, means the
Group remains cautiously optimistic about prospects for local
residential property, and it believes that the market is likely to
remain active in the coming year. The Group will keep producing
a high volume of residential units for sale and strengthen its
rental income base with new landmark investment properties.
To bolster property sales and values, it will continue efforts to
ensure that its products meet the finest quality standards and
reinforce its brand name. With its strong financial position and
long - term growth strategy, the Group will add to its development
land bank when appropriate. To optimize its rental portfolio and
enhance returns, the Group will also continue to dispose of some
non - core rental properties in the future.
Although the Group will still focus on its core business in Hong Kong, it will also look for opportunities in Mainland
property, mainly in four major cities: Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen. Building on its brand name and
Hong Kong expertise, the Group will be able to exploit new business opportunities in China over time.
In July this year, Sun Hung Kai Properties celebrated the 30th anniversary of its founding by the first Chairman, my
father Kwok Tak Seng. The late Mr. Kwok always kept his faith in Hong Kong, and over the past 30 years, the Group
has grown and prospered with the territory, weathering many storms along the way. Throughout the years, the
Group maintained its investment focus on Hong Kong, helping to build the remarkable city that it is today. Experience
has shown that with determination and conviction, the Group can overcome adversity and emerge even stronger
than before. This faith has served the Group well, and enabled it to grow into one of the territory’s foremost property
companies. The Group will use its strengths – a powerful brand name, experienced and capable management team
and high - calibre staff – to maintain its advantages in today’s highly competitive market. Looking to the future, the
Group is ready to tackle the challenges ahead with confidence.
Forthcoming pre - sales and steady rental income will reinforce the Group’s financial position further. Major residential
projects slated for pre - sale in the next six months include Sham Wan Towers in Ap Lei Chau, 1 Po Shan Road in
Mid - Levels, 1 Ho Man Tin Hill and 18 Farm Road in Kowloon and Yuen Long Town Lot 503.
About 70 per cent of the residential
properties to be completed in the coming
financial year have been pre - sold, and
barring unforeseen circumstances, the
Group’s results for the coming year should
be satisfactory.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity
to express my gratitude to my fellow
directors for their guidance, and to all the
staff for their dedication and hard work.
Kwok Ping - sheung, Walter
Chairman & Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 26th September 2002