TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, What Is Seen and What Is Not Seen by Frdric Bastiat1: There is only one difference between a bad economist and a good one: the bad economist confines himself to the visible effect; the good economist takes into account both the effect that can be seen and those effects that must be foreseen.
Whenever a new thing is introduced to a system, there must be a series of effects triggered. Of these effects, usually there is an immediate one, which appears simultaneously with its cause, desirable and easily foreseeable by a lot of people, i.e. Seen . However, what matter, are actually the ones, which are not foreseeable by most of the general public, carry tremendous consequences, sometimes even disastrous, i.e. Not Seen . A bad economist pursues a small present good that will be followed by a great evil to come, while a good economist pursues a great good to come, at the risk of a small present evil.
This theory also applies in many cases and situations such as running a business. Whenever a decision is made, there is something you want to achieve followed by possible impacts on the organisation, employees, customers or competitors. A good balance has to be stroked to have a home-run result together with some minimal negative side effects.
Both the Seen and Unseen factors have to be carefully examined beforehand.
1 Frdric Bastiat was an economist who was also a member of the French parliament in the middle of the nineteenth century.
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Property development has been our core operation since New World Group founded in 1970. Our recent move is to upbeat our property business to be more competitive.
A series of closely linked and intensified reformation, covering from team work to development flow, product quality to brand image and staff training to talent recruitment, have been implemented by the Group to enable smooth management flow, efficient team cooperation and continual enhancement of the New World brand.
The successful launches of The Signature and The Riverpark have marked the fruitful performance resulted from our dedicated efforts.
In the coming months, New World Group will have a continuous pipeline of property launches in Hong Kong. The COLLECTABLE RESIDENCES , a series of new and high quality residential projects in the Hong Kong Island, including South Lane Project in Western District and Kwai Fong Street Project in Happy Valley. Together with Austin Station Project, situated at the core location of high-end residences in West Kowloon and adjacent to Hong Kong Terminal Station of Guangzhou-ShenzhenHong Kong Express Rail Link, and a number of diversified living communities in New Territories, a total of nine new projects will provide over 3,300 residential units to the market. Diversified product types and a layout focusing on projects in urban area are anticipated to make substantial contribution.
New World, One Step Forward The Group will capitalise on its team spirit and synergies, in a bid to create quality and superior products, services and brand image, and further its success and core values achieved through efforts and diligence over the past years with a pragmatic attitude, an open mindset and a broad vision.
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry 
