Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2011.
Profit and Net Assets 
The Group s underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders (before the fair value change of investment properties and investment properties under development) for the year ended 31 December 2011 amounted to HK$5,560 million, representing an increase of HK$518 million or 10% over HK$5,042 million for the year ended 31 December 2010. Based on the underlying profit, the earnings per share were HK$2.41 (HK$2.33 for the year ended 31 December 2010).
Including the fair value change (net of non- controlling interests and deferred taxation) of investment properties and investment properties under development, the Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 was HK$17,184 million. Compared with the Group s profit attributable to equity shareholders of HK$15,820 million for the year ended 31 December 2010, this represented an increase of HK$1,364 million or 9%. Earnings per share were HK$7.44 (HK$7.32 for the year ended 31 
At 31 December 2011, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$185,336 million (or HK$78.23 per share), 17% higher than the amount of HK$159,038 million (or HK$73.09 per share) at 31 December 2010. Net debt (including the amount of HK$8,583 million due to a wholly owned subsidiary of Henderson Development Limited which is controlled by the private family trusts of Dr Lee Shau Kee) amounted to HK$36,890 million (2010: HK$44,818 million) with the gearing ratio at 19.9% (2010: 28.2%).

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.70 per share to Shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Monday, 18 June 2012, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.30 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2011 will amount to HK$1.00 per share (2010: HK$1.00 per 
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash under the scrip dividend scheme ( Scrip Dividend Scheme ). The new shares will, on issue, not be entitled to the proposed final dividend, but will rank pari passu in all other respects with the existing shares. The circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme and the relevant election form will be sent to Shareholders.
The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the passing of the resolution relating to the payment of final dividend at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.
Final dividend will be distributed, and the share certificates issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to Shareholders on Thursday, 19 July 2012.

During the first half of the year under review, with the local property market remaining robust, the Group capitalized on the positive market sentiment and successfully re-launched an array of popular developments for sale. However, starting from mid-2011, stabilizing measures introduced by the Hong Kong SAR Government, the lingering European debt crisis and the growing concerns over economic deterioration in both mainland China and the United States led to a stagnant property market in the latter half of the year.
Luxury developments put up for sale during the year included Hill Paramount in Shatin, Headland Road in Island South, Casa Marina (Phases 1 and 2), as well as The Beverly Hills (Phase 1) and Lgende Royale - The Beverly Hills (Phase 3) in Tai Po. They all received encouraging responses. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group sold 325 residential units in Hong Kong, generating attributable sales revenue of HK$8,308 million, a marked increase when compared with HK$4,842 million for the previous financial year (before taking into account the effect of cancelled sales). Meanwhile, 67 deluxe villas in Casa Marina (Phases 1 and 2) and The Beverly Hills (Phase 1), which were previously held for rental purposes, together with approximately 100,000 square feet of industrialofficecommercial premises (including some rental properties such as the office at 9 Queen s Road Central), were also disposed of during the year. Including the Group s share of sales proceeds of HK$2,538 million arising from these disposals, the Group sold an attributable HK$10,846 million worth of properties in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2011.
Furthermore, The Gloucester, an 114,000-square-foot signature residential project situated on Hong Kong waterfront with full sea views, was launched for pre-sale in April 2011 with over 90% of its total 177 residential units snapped up by the end of the year. E-Trade Plaza, a 170,000-square-foot Grade A office tower at Island East, also achieved encouraging results with about 30% of its saleable area successfully sold within a few months since its pre-sale in the fourth quarter of 2011. AZURA, the Group s joint venture development at Mid-Levels of Hong Kong Island, went on sale in November 2010 and cumulatively, 98 of its total 126 residential units had been pre-sold by the end of 2011. Their attributable sales revenue totalling HK$3,373 million, as well as the corresponding profit contribution, will be reflected in the results for the next financial year, when they are due for completion.
La Verte in Fanling has sold well since it was released for sale in February 2012.
Existing redevelopment projects The Group had a total of 8 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or conversion into other purposes, which would provide about 1.43 million square feet in attributable gross floor area for commercial and residential use in the urban areas as shown in the table below: 
projects of old buildings In light of the market development, during the year the Group continued to maintain its prudent practice of acquiring old tenement buildings in urban areas for redevelopment in the belief that it would be a win-win move for all parties over the long term. Firstly, it is in line with the Government s policy initiatives on promoting urban renewal and creating a vibrant urban environment.
Secondly, it enables the owners of units in old buildings to realize their dilapidated homes at a price higher than the prevailing market price for the old buildings and to acquire newer and safer homes. Lastly, it provides the Group with a source of urban land supply that requires lower cost and hence yields higher margin. To date, entire or majority ownership of 37 urban projects has been secured and they are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 2.88 million square feet, or about 3,000 housing units. The total land costs for these 37 urban projects are estimated at about HK$11,800 million, translating into an average land cost of approximately HK$4,100 per square foot of gross floor area. Such favourable land costs will ensure a significant contribution to the Group s earnings. A summary of the projects which have been acquired is as 
Further acquisitions, involving another 47 projects spanning various highly accessible urban districts, are in progress and they are expected to provide a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 5.16 million square feet upon successful completion of their acquisition and redevelopment and below is the geographical distribution: (II) New Territories land At the end of December 2011, the Group held New Territories land reserves amounting to approximately 41.9 million square feet, which is the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong.
For North East New Territories Future New Development Towns and Hung Shui Kiu Future New Development Town , in which the Group holds land lots of approximately 9.1 million square feet in total land area, the Group will continue to closely coordinate its approach with the Government s development plans, which are still subject to finalization. It is expected that these two future new development towns will become highly strategic locations, benefitting from the improved transport infrastructure and easier accessibility between Hong Kong and mainland China and details are shown in the following table: For the land lots of about 9.1 million square feet in the above two future new development towns, the total developable gross floor area will be 18.2 million square feet if the allowed plot ratio for development is 2 times, whilst the total developable gross floor area will increase to 27.3 million square feet if the allowed plot ratio is 3 times. Based on an average unit size of 600 square feet, the potential housing units will be in number of about 30,000 to 45,000.
Regarding the Group s residential development at Tai Tong Road, Yuen Long, land-use conversion for an additional 123,000 square feet of residential space was finalized with the Government, with the land premium fully settled in mid- November 2011, thereby increasing the total gross floor area of this project to approximately 1.3 million square feet, of which approximately 1.0 million square feet is attributable to the Group.
For the wetland restoration and residential project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long, it is planned to be developed into a low-density luxury residential development with a total gross floor area of approximately 895,000 square feet against a total land area of about 2.3 million square feet. The latest planning application has been approved by the Town Planning Board and the corresponding land-use conversion application is in 
At 31 December 2011, the Group held a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.2 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong, comprising 4.5 million square feet of commercial or retail space, 3.4 million square feet of office space, 0.9 million square feet of industrialoffice space and 0.4 million square feet of residential and apartment space. This leasing portfolio is geographically diverse, with 25% in Hong Kong Island, 34% in Kowloon and the remaining 41% in the new towns (with most of the latter being large-scale 
Leasing performance was impressive during the year with gross rental income setting a new record. The Group s attributable gross rental income Note in Hong Kong for the year ended 31 December 2011 increased by 11% to HK$4,889 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income Note was HK$3,585 million, representing a growth of 15% over the previous year. At 31 December 2011, the leasing rate for the Group s core rental properties rose to 97%.
(Note: this figure includes that derived from the investment properties owned by the Group s subsidiaries (after deducting non-controlling interests), associates and jointly controlled 
Given continued growth in local consumption, as well as the ever- increasing number of mainland tourists purchasing international brands, Hong Kong s retail sales grew briskly in 2011.
In response to market changes and to tap new opportunities, the Group staged innovative marketing activities, including organizing shopping tours for mainlanders and an increased adoption of multi-media promotional channels, to draw more shoppers to its shopping malls and boost tenants business. These marketing efforts coupled with the advantageous locations near MTR stations make these shopping malls the preferred choice for many discerning retailers. For instance, Inditex, a global fashion group, has committed to a total gross floor area of 62,000 square feet at Metro City Phase II in Tseung Kwan O for its three well-known international brands, namely Zara which has opened already, Bershka and Pull & Bear, which are due to open consecutively in 2012, whilst H & M Hennes & Mauritz Limited, another global fashion group, has also committed to a total gross floor area of over 53,000 square feet at this mall for its well-known international brand, H & M which is due to open in mid- 2012. The whole Skyline Plaza, a 4-level shopping mall in Tsuen Wan with a total gross floor area of over 150,000 square feet, was leased to a famous department store, which will open for business and provide one-stop shopping convenience in 2012. Consequently, most of the Group s shopping malls, ranging from ifc mall in Central to regional shopping centres in new towns, recorded nearly full occupancy by the end of the financial year.
On the back of persistent demand growth, driven by business expansion and new corporate set-ups particularly in the first half of the year, coupled with limited new office supply, the Group s premier office developments in the core areas, such as the ifc in Central, AIA Tower in North Point as well as ING Tower and Golden Centre in Sheung Wan, have all performed well with increased rents for both renewals and new lettings. In the up-and-coming commercial hub of Kowloon East, the Group s approximately 2,000,000-square- foot portfolio of premium office and industrial premises benefitted from the trend of office decentralization with the overall leasing rate surging from 87% at 31 December 2010 to 98% at 31 December 2011. Manulife Financial Centre in Kwun Tong, which set a new benchmark for green office buildings in decentralized areas by achieving the top platinum rating in the Hong Kong Building Environmental Assessment Method (HK-BEAM) in February 2011, was 98% let by the end of the financial year.
The Group s deluxe serviced suite hotel at Four Seasons Place continued to achieve high occupancy and increased rents, whilst luxury residences such as Eva Court and 39 Conduit Road at Mid-Levels also recorded satisfactory leasing performance.
The Group continuously improves accessibility and facilities at its investment properties so as to better serve the community and enhance their rental values.
Metro City Phase II in Tseung Kwan O, which was ranked First by the Hong Kong Federation of the Blind, Centre for Social Policy Studies of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University and few other charitable organizations for the disabled in Barrier-Free Assessment Visit 2011, is undergoing a revamp and the first phase of renovation works will be completed in the first quarter of 2012. The second phase of renovation commenced in December 2011 and will be completed by the end of 2014. For the Trend Plaza in Tuen Mun, renovation to the external wall of its North Wing will also be completed in mid-2012 following the recent completion of a facelift at its South Wing. The first phase of refurbishment at Sunshine City Plaza in Ma On Shan is progressing well, whilst the planning of renovation works for City Landmark I in Tsuen Wan and AIA Tower in North Point is currently in the pipeline.
For AIA Tower in North Point, acquisition of its remaining 5.44% interest was completed in September 2011, allowing the Group to benefit in full from its future 
Hotel and Retailing Operations Hong Kong s hospitality industry posted a remarkable growth in 2011 with visitor arrivals reaching a record high of around 42 million. The Four Seasons Hotel, which was widely recognized as the market leader in town, continued to win numerous prestigious accolades such as Forbes Five- Star Award for Hotel and top 3-star honours in the 2011 Michelin Guide for its signature Caprice and Lung King Heen restaurants.
As a result, it enjoyed a further increase in occupancy against a higher average room rate during the year. Meanwhile, the Group also owns and manages the 362-room Newton Hotel Hong Kong, the 317-room Newton Inn North Point and the 598-room Newton Place Hotel. Benefitting from the ever-increasing number of mainland tourists, who accounted for over 60% of their total customers, the Group s three Newton hotels have all achieved a double- digit increase in average room rates with a higher occupancy of over 80%. The Group is developing a new boutique hotel, Mira Moon, at 388 Jaffe Road, Wanchai and upon its scheduled completion in the second quarter of 2012, it will be operated by The Mira Hong Kong and 91 luxurious suites will be added to the Group s hotel portfolio. For the year ended 31 December 2011, the profit contribution Note from the Group s hotel operations increased by 108% to HK$325 million. (Note: this figure includes that derived from the hotels owned by the Group s subsidiaries, associates and jointly 
Established in 1989 as a complementary business to the Group s shopping facilities, Citistore s retailing operation has developed into a network of five department store outlets and two id:c specialty stores in Hong Kong. Given improvement in both local consumption and visitor spending, Citistore recorded a satisfactory growth of 20% in pre-tax profit against a 13% increase in turnover.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to hold interests (7.41% at 31 December 2011) in Intime Department Store (Group) Company Limited (stock code: 1833), which is a renowned department store chain operating and managing 27 department stores and shopping centres across major cities in 
The Group cares for the environment and supports sustainable development for the benefit of future generations. As part of this pledge, inter-departmental communication and stakeholder engagement are always encouraged so as to ensure that local context, innovative architecture and sustainability features are perfectly blended into all of the Group s new developments in both Hong Kong and mainland China. In the construction process, energy-efficient and eco-friendly features recommended by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) and Building Environmental Assessment Method (BEAM) Plus have been persistently integrated. For instance, pre-fabricated building components are now commonly used so as to raise efficiency by accelerating development progress for better quality control, whilst minimizing construction waste and disruption to the neighbourhoods. During the year, the Group s projects emerged as the first batch of developments in Hong Kong to achieve a China Green Building Label (GBL), which calls for reduced energy consumption at site works, re-use of local natural resources and the recycling of construction waste for better environmental 
The Group s attention to every detail throughout the different stages of construction has also been extended to its developments in mainland China.
In addition to its tight grip over all key aspects of development such as selection of main contractors and subcontractors, material sourcing and tender awarding, the Construction Department also maintains an ongoing dialogue with contractors and conducts on-site inspections so as to ensure that all the mainland projects are completed on schedule, within budget and in line with the Group s stringent environmental and quality requirements.
In July 2011, accreditation as the Main Contractor of Housing Construction (Level III) was received from Beijing Municipal Commission of Housing and Urban-Rural Development, enabling the Group s Construction Department to take a more active role in mainland property development in future.
The Group s member property management companies, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited ( Hang Yick ), Well Born Real Estate Management Limited ( Well Born ) and Goodwill Management Limited, collectively manage around 76,000 apartments and industrial commercial units, 7.9 million square feet of shopping malls and office space and 18,000 car parking units in Hong Kong.
Hang Yick and Well Born also provide their quality property handover and management services to the Group s property developments in mainland China. Serving a total of about 5,000 mainland apartments, they have gained wide recognition for their excellent services. Hengbao Huating and Hengli Wanpan Huayuan, for instance, were both accredited as a Community Showcase in Guangdong Province and Community Showcase in Guangzhou .
The Group s Construction and Property Management Teams were on the frontline throughout the year to fulfil the Group s pledge of providing green efforts and care to the community. Consequently, the Construction Department earned numerous accolades during the year including Considerate Contractors Site Award from the Development Bureau of the Hong Kong SAR Government, as well as Construction Environmental Award Merit and Proactive Safety Contractor Award from The Hong Kong Construction Association, whilst the Property Management Teams also won nearly 700 performance-related accolades in addition to widespread recognition for their advocacy of care and love in this Year of Care. Their unflagging efforts will be elaborated in the Sustainability and CSR section of the Annual Report.

In view of the worsening global economy, the Central Government continually fine- tuned its austerity measures in 2011 to cool the mainland property market. Both administrative and economic initiatives, including restrictions on quantity of home purchase, amount of mortgage, unit price and unit size, were adopted in curbing housing demand. Such measures gave rise to a sharp decline in transaction volume. In the wake of the tightened credit, many mainland developers traded price for volume, thus depressing the home prices further.
Housing was still in great demand in mainland China. In those second and third-tier cities in which the Group has residential development projects, with many infrastructural projects and transport facilities such as highways, high-speed rails, community amenities and greenery projects gradually being completed, the environment has much improved. Besides, the Group s projects in China boast distinctive design plans, full- range facilities, superb building quality and proficient property management, targeting end-users of medium to high-end residences. Such projects are highly sought after and earned acclaim in the market.
As a result of the austerity measures, the majority of home buyers were end-users, who were much concerned about the building quality and details of a development. Therefore, the Group stepped up the promotion of its quality brand-name and refined its marketing campaigns, whilst making appropriate adjustments to its sales-force. Turning to property management, the Group always, where local regulations allow, provides its own property management services to its mainland developments. For those projects which require property management services to be outsourced, the Group s property management team still renders its 
The Group has strengthened its supervision and management over its mainland projects in the midst of the market downturn. To improve its competitiveness, the Group has been streamlining its manpower structure and slashing superfluous spending to control costs while also standardizing building design to shorten development time.
The Group s leasing team in mainland China has become experienced at soliciting and interacting with tenants. Several global brands were successfully encouraged to become core tenants and are expected to emerge as the Group s strategic partners in future. With the new leasing team on board, the mainland shopping arcades are now under innovative transformation, with emphasis on positioning, environmental intelligence, technological quality, as well as meticulous management and attentive 
By the end of 2011, the Group had nearly 1,000,000 square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed stock remaining unsold in 
Meanwhile, the Group joined a number of leading enterprises across the Straits to establish Straits Construction Investment (Holdings) Limited ( Straits Construction ). In March 2011, Straits Construction bought two prime sites, which were located at Nanjing Hexi New Town of Jiangsu Province and Fuzhou Pingtan Integrated Pilot Area of Fujian Province respectively, at an aggregate consideration of US$850 million. The Nanjing project will be developed into office buildings with a total gross floor area of approximately 9,190,000 square feet against a site area of approximately 3,380,000 square feet. For the Pingtan project, a 8,230,000-square-foot land lot will be developed into an integrated business community with a total gross floor area of approximately 17,600,000 square feet. The Group held a 10% stake in Straits Construction.

During the year, the Group sold and pre- sold an attributable HK$1,905 million worth of mainland properties, a significant increase of 47% over the previous year.
Projects launched included La Botanica and Palatial Crest in Xian, Villa Green and Grand Waterfront in Chongqing, Riverside Park in Suzhou, Emerald Valley in Nanjing, The Arch of Triumph in Changsha and Xuzhou Lakeview Development. At 31 December 2011, the cumulative amount of mainland properties pre-sold attributable to the Group totalled HK$2,527 million and they will be reflected in the results for the coming financial years, when these developments are completed and delivered to buyers.

As at the year end date, the Group had 6.5 million square feet of completed investment properties in mainland China: mainly offices and shopping malls in the prime locations in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. During the year under review, the Group s attributable gross rental income and net rental income increased by 91% to HK$916 million and by 149% to HK$584 million, respectively.
In Beijing, World Financial Centre recorded a 170% growth in rental income to HK$330 million with a leasing rate exceeding 90% at 31 December 2011. Being the only property in this capital city to have achieved the highest possible Platinum rating from both the United States Green Building Council s LEED and HK-BEAM, many famous financial institutions and multinational corporations were attracted as its new office tenants. They included Rabobank, CITIC Prudential Insurance Company, British Petroleum and Shell China, whilst Michelin-starred Cantonese restaurant Cuisine Cuisine from Hong Kong has also established a presence on the commercial podium. Meanwhile, for the shopping mall at Beijing Henderson Centre, leasing performance was equally encouraging after the opening of a large-scale gourmet hall and an upscale supermarket in its basement floors.
In Shanghai, the grand opening of Henderson Metropolitan on 11 November 2011 underscored this city s growing importance to the Group. Occupied by many Fortune 500 companies such as Oracle, Mitsubishi, Lufthansa and Dentsu, its super Grade-A office space of over 400,000 square feet has been fully let, whilst its 400,000 square feet of retail space was also highly sought-after by many branded retailers as it is conveniently located at the start of the Nanjing Road East pedestrian avenue with direct access to subway station from the building basement. The most prominent stores included Apple s largest flagship outlet in Asia, as well as China flagship stores of Sasa and Azul by Moussy. During the year under review, a total rental income of HK$156 million was recorded by this project. Meanwhile, Grand Gateway Office Tower II atop Xujiahui subway station also houses many multinational corporations such as Microsoft, Adidas, Tesco and Yum! Brands Inc and its leasing rate at the end of 2011 was 99%. Centro, which was awarded a Gold LEED rating and Platinum BEAM rating, was fully let at 31 December 2011, whilst the pre-leasing response for its neighbouring Greentech Tower was also enthusiastic, with many world-renowned companies looking to lease sizeable area in this environmentally friendly and technologically advanced development.
Greentech Tower was completed on 13 January 2012, expanding the Group s mainland rental portfolio to 6.9 million square feet. In their vicinity, Skycity in the same Zhabei District also achieved full occupancy for its 4-level shopping arcade at 31 December 2011.
In Guangzhou, Heng Bao Plaza recorded a 23% growth in rental income with over 95% leasing rate by the end of 2011.
Joint-Venture Development in 
In April 2005, the Group entered into an agreement to jointly develop a large-scale waterfront development with a site area of approximately 1.45 million square feet in Taipa, Macau. The project is subject to application for land-use conversion with the total gross floor area to be finalized.
Henderson Investment Limited 
For the year ended 31 December 2011, HIL s turnover amounted to HK$299 million, representing a decrease of HK$18 million, or 6%, compared to HK$317 million for the previous year ended 31 December 2010. Such decrease in turnover is mainly attributable to the period-on- period decrease of approximately 25% in the average monthly traffic volume of the toll bridge in Hangzhou, which was HIL s core asset, during the period from 1 July 2011 to 31 December 2011. This was due to (i) accidental damage to one of the link bridges of the toll bridge on 15 July 2011 which resulted in the four lane two-way traffic being temporarily reduced to two lanes of two-way traffic in the affected area of the toll bridge until the toll bridge was fully open to traffic, effective from 1 October 2011; and (ii) the implementation by Hangzhou Municipal Government of certain new policies which control the traffic flow of vehicles during certain peak hours each day, effective from 8 October 
Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 amounted to HK$108 million, representing a decrease of HK$55 million or 34% from HK$163 million for the year ended 31 December 2010. The decrease in profit was attributable to the fact that in the previous year, a total profit of HK$39 million was received from certain one-off items which included a net gain of HK$26 million from the disposal of a toll highway in Maanshan, 
HIL has a 60% interest in Hangzhou Henderson Qianjiang Third Bridge Company Limited ( the Joint Venture Company ) which has been granted the operating right of the above-mentioned Qianjiang Third Bridge for a period of 30 years from 20 March 1997 (commencement date of bridge operation). This project was approved by Hangzhou Foreign Economic Relations and Trade Commission (mg] Y}ofYTg) in 1997 and was further approved by National Development and Reform Commission (formerly known as State Development & Planning 
p W[|vURYTg)) in 1999. The General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province notified Zhejiang Province Department of Communications and other relevant government authorities in 2003 to provisionally fix the period for entitlement to toll fee in respect of 39 toll roads and highways in the province. In the case of Qianjiang Third Bridge, which was also included in the list, the period was provisionally fixed at 15 years (from 20 March 1997 to 19 March 2012). The Joint Venture Company immediately took action for clarification and had obtained from the Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications a written pledge that the operation period for 30 years would remain unchanged and they were also of the view that the operating right and the toll fee collection right should be for a same period. For the sake of reassurance, the Joint Venture Company wrote to the People s Government of Zhejiang Province and Zhejiang Province Department of Communications (collectively the Authorities ) in June 2011 requesting for their confirmation that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right last for a same period of 30 years. Since June 2011 when the Joint Venture Company wrote to the Authorities requesting for the confirmation, the Joint Venture Company has been chasing after the relevant government officials on several occasions, but no reply had been received from the Authorities for over six months. The Joint Venture Company therefore decided to take one further step and on 9 February 2012 filed with Legislative Affairs Office, the People s Government of Zhejiang Province an administrative reconsideration application. The application was to seek an order to oblige the Authorities to carry out their statutory duties to officially confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should be for a period of 30 years. Whilst HIL was still waiting for the result of the application, the Joint Venture Company on 20 March 2012 received a letter dated 18 March 2012 from mg]W] V ] zS }T6e{tU (Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office) (the Hangzhou Toll Office ), which is the relevant government body in Hangzhou to record the traffic flow and make payment of toll fee of the Qianjiang Third Bridge pursuant to the terms of an agreement dated 5 February 2004 (the Collection Agreement ) entered into between the Joint Venture Company and the Hangzhou Toll Office. In the letter, the Hangzhou Toll Office stated that, because the General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province in 2003 provisionally fixed the period of entitlement to toll fee in respect of Qianjiang Third Bridge to end on 19 March 2012, they would, commencing from 20 March 2012, provisionally suspend payment of toll fee to the Joint Venture Company in respect of Qianjiang Third Bridge. The Hangzhou Toll Office also stated in the letter that they would, in accordance with the terms of the Collection Agreement, continue to record the traffic flow of Qianjiang Third Bridge and work with the Joint Venture Company. The Joint Venture Company has been instructed by HIL to write to the Hangzhou Toll Office to state that the action taken by the Hangzhou Toll Office has no legal or contractual basis and is unacceptable and to ask the Hangzhou Toll Office to clarify the basis of their action and to continue to perform their obligations under the Collection Agreement, failing which the Joint Venture Company would have no alternative but to take legal actions to protect its interest.
HIL has obtained legal opinion from an independent PRC law firm and has received firm advice that the toll fee collection right enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company should be for the same period of 30 years as the operating right enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company. Based on such advice, amortization and calculation of the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right in the preparation of the consolidated accounts of HIL for the year ended 31 December 2011 are on the basis that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right of the Bridge last for a period of 30 years expiring on 19 March 2027. There is, however, uncertainty as to the response of the Authorities and whether they would ultimately confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should be for a period of 30 years. HIL will continue to negotiate with the Authorities and take all necessary actions to protect its interest.
If the Authorities confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should last for a period different from the period of the operating right andor the Authorities negotiate other arrangements with HIL (such as buying out HIL s interest in Qianjiang Third Bridge or paying compensation to HIL), all of which are still uncertain, HIL would have to reconsider the remaining useful life and or the recoverable amount of the intangible 
Currently, the operating assets of HIL comprise its interest in the Qianjiang Third Bridge. If HIL ceases to have an economic interest in the Qianjiang Third Bridge, the directors of HIL would, if appropriate opportunity arises, identify suitable investments for HIL. In the event that no suitable investments are identified and acquired by HIL, its assets would consist substantially of cash. As a result, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited may consider that HIL does not have a sufficient level of operations or sufficient assets to warrant the continued listing of HIL s shares and may suspend dealings in or cancel the listing of the shares.

The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of this group for the year amounted to HK$6,149.6 million, an increase of HK$564.8 million compared to 2010 mainly due to growth in profit of mainland businesses. During the year under review, this group invested HK$4,725.1 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed and intangible assets.
Gas business in Hong Kong The total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for the year 2011 rose by 2.1%, whilst appliance sales also increased by about 8% compared to 2010. As at the end of 2011, the number of customers was 1,750,553, an increase of 26,237 compared to 2010. Laying of a 15 km pipeline to bring natural gas from Tai Po to Ma Tau Kok gas production plant, to partially replace naphtha as feedstock for the production of town gas, is expected to be substantially completed within 2012. Construction of a 9 km pipeline in the western New Territories to strengthen supply reliability is also in progress. In tandem with the government s development of West Kowloon, South East Kowloon and a cruise terminal, network planning, design and construction in these locations are underway. Construction of a new submarine pipeline from Ma Tau Kok to North Point will commence in 2012.
Meanwhile, new gas mains have been laid to Lei Yue Mun.
Utility businesses in Mainland 
At the end of December 2011, this group had an approximately 66.18% interest in Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083), whose profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders amounted to HK$709 million in 2011, an increase of approximately 62.6% over 2010. In 2011, Towngas China acquired five new projects located in Xiushui county and Wuning Industrial Park, both in Jiujiang, Jiangxi province; in Miluo, this group s first in Hunan province; in Bowang New District, Maanshan, Anhui province; and in Beipiao, Liaoning 
This group s city-gas businesses progressed well in 2011, with two new projects successfully established in Chaozhou, Guangdong province and Jingxian county, Hengshui, Hebei province. Inclusive of five new projects established by Towngas China in 2011, this group had 100 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 
regions as at the end of 2011. During the year under review, the number of gas customers on the mainland reached approximately 13.2 million and total volume of gas sales also exceeded ten billion for the first time, attaining 10,300 million cubic metres. This group is now the largest city-gas enterprise on the mainland.
This group s midstream natural gas projects include high-pressure natural gas pipeline joint ventures in Anhui province, Hebei province, Hangzhou, Zhejiang province and Jilin province; the Guangdong Liquefied Natural Gas Receiving Terminal project; and a natural gas valve station project in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, 
During the third quarter of 2011, this group added a second integrated wastewater treatment project, for a special industry, to its existing integrated water supply and wastewater joint venture in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou, Jiangsu province.
Together with water supply projects in Wujiang, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu, Anhui province, this group has so far invested in and operates four water projects.

This group s development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy projects, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (together known as ECO ), is progressing well.
ECO s coalbed methane and non- conventional methane utilisation businesses have been developed based on the technology and operational experience gained from its landfill gas utilisation project which has been successfully operating in Hong Kong for several years.
Since 2008, ECO has been developing similar clean and environmentally-friendly energy projects on the mainland. A coalbed methane liquefaction facility located in Jincheng, Shanxi province was fully commissioned during the first quarter of 2011. The annual production capacity of the whole facility is 250 million standard cubic metres of liquefied coalbed methane.
The facility has now become the largest liquefaction and utilisation project of its kind on the mainland.
ECO s coal-mine methane liquefaction project in Yangquan mining district, Shanxi province, is progressing as scheduled; construction is expected to commence in 2012 for commissioning in the first quarter of 2014. Coal-mine gas, which typically contains about 40% methane, will be used to produce liquefied methane by deploying coal-mine gas deoxidisation and coalbed methane cryogenic liquefaction technologies. This project has an estimated annual production capacity of about 80 million standard cubic metres.
ECO started to develop coal resources and coal chemical processing businesses in 2009. ECO has constructed a methanol production plant, with an annual capacity of 200,000 tonnes, in Junger, Erdos, Inner Mongolia. The plant is now at the pilot production stage and is expected to be fully commissioned in mid-2012. Construction of ECO s Xiaoyugou coal mine, which is associated with the methanol production plant, is also complete and pilot production started in early 2012. ECO acquired an operative open-pit coal mine in Inner Mongolia in September 2011 and this is now starting to contribute additional profits.
ECO s coking coal mine and coking plant project in Fengcheng, Jiangxi province, is also on schedule; commissioning is expected in 2012. The main product, coke, will be used for refining steel, and its by- product, coke oven gas, will provide an additional gas source for this group s Fengcheng city-gas project.
ECO s energy-related logistics and facilities businesses originated from its five dedicated liquefied petroleum gas vehicular filling stations in Hong Kong.
ECO started its gas filling station business on the mainland in 2008. Since then, ECO has gradually established a network of compressed and liquefied natural gas filling stations servicing heavy-duty trucks in Shaanxi, Shandong, Liaoning, Henan and 
ECO s aviation fuel facility in Area 38, Tuen Mun, servicing Hong Kong International Airport, is operating smoothly. The facility supplied over 5 million tonnes of aviation fuel to the airport in 2011. Jetties are available for berthing large-scale tankers and for unloading these tankers aviation fuel. ECO s facility, with a total storage capacity of 264,000 cubic metres, is now a major logistics base for supply of aviation fuel in Hong Kong.
ECO has also started a coal logistics business and to this end has set up logistics platforms in important coal distribution areas such as Qinhuangdao, Hebei province and Dandong, Liaoning province from which to launch its operations. ECO is also investing in the construction of an inland coal and bulk cargo logistic port in Jining, Shandong province to connect an upstream dedicated coal transportation railway with a downstream canal running to eastern China. The logistic port, with an annual throughput of 10 million tonnes, is expected to be commissioned in 2012.
ECO set up a new-energy research and development centre in 2010 focusing on related application technologies. The centre has achieved good progress in developing innovative technologies for converting materials of low value, such as non-edible oil and coal tar oil, into clean fuel and substances of high value.
Overall, as at the end of 2011, inclusive of the projects of Towngas China, this group had 138 projects on the mainland, 18 more than that in 2010, spread across 
regions and encompassing upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water supply and wastewater treatment sectors, natural gas vehicular filling stations, environmentally- friendly energy applications, energy resources, logistics businesses and 
All residential units of the Grand Waterfront property development project located at Ma Tau Kok south plant site had been sold by the end of December 2010, whereas those of Grand Promenade had also been sold by the end of the first quarter of 2011. Leasing of the commercial area of the Grand Waterfront property development project is good. Rental demand for the shopping mall and office towers of IFC complex, in which an approximately 15.8% interest is held by this group, continues to be robust.
The occupancy rate of the project s hotel complex, comprising the Four Seasons Hotel and rental serviced apartments, 
In February 2011, this group concluded a HK$3,800 million 5-year syndicated term loan and revolving credit facility, mainly for refinancing a HK$3,000 million inaugural syndicated facility, taken up in 2006, and for its business development.
The facility carries an interest margin of 0.49% per annum over HIBOR.
This group issued its first renminbi- denominated notes in Hong Kong in late March 2011 with a total amount of RMB1,000 million for a term of five years at a coupon interest rate of 1.4% (the RMB Notes ). This group is the first company among Hang Seng Index Constituent Stocks in Hong Kong to raise funds through the offshore renminbi debt capital market. Inclusive of the RMB Notes, this group has issued medium term notes with, up to now, an aggregate amount equivalent to HK$6,070 million under its medium term note programme.
In April 2011, Moody s Investors Service upgraded both Towngas China s issuer and senior unsecured bond ratings from Baa3 to Baa2 with a stable outlook.
In 2011, Standard & Poor s Ratings Services launched the first credit rating benchmark developed especially for the region to assign credit ratings to borrowers active in mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan (including the fast-growing offshore renminbi debt market). Hong Kong and China Gas was assigned the highest rating of cnAAA, whilst Towngas China was assigned cnA under this Greater China long-term credit rating scale.
This group predicts an increase of about 25,000 new customers in Hong Kong during 2012 and the combined results of its emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and mainland utility businesses will overtake the results of its Hong Kong gas business in 2012, and will have faster growth momentum than its Hong Kong gas 
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong 
This group s turnover for the year ended 31 December 2011 amounted to approximately HK$635 million, representing a decrease of 30% when compared to the previous year. This was mainly attributed to the decrease in the sales of the Shining Heights and The Spectacle. Its consolidated profit after taxation amounted to approximately HK$565 million, an increase of 17% as compared with the profit after taxation of HK$483 million in 2010.
This group sold 30 units in The Spectacle and 7 units in Shining Heights which accounted for a total profit of approximately HK$156 million for the year under review. A profit of HK$37 million was derived from the disposal of certain units of the commercial arcade of MetroRegalia. Rental and other income from its commercial arcade amounted to approximately HK$50 million. The occupancy rate of the commercial arcade at Shining Heights was 93%. The commercial arcade of Metro Harbour View was fully 
The foundation works of the development project at Fanling Sheung Shui Town Lot No. 177 ( Fanling project ) have been completed. Superstructure works are in progress. The property will be developed into three residential towers built on a two- storey shopping podium mall with a total gross floor area of approximately 540,000 
As regards the project at 204-214 Tung Chau Street, demolition works have been done and superstructure works will commence at the end of the year.
The project will be redeveloped into a commercial-cum-residential building with a total gross floor area of approximately 54,000 square feet.
This group acquired the site at the junction of Gillies Avenue South and Bulkeley Street Hung Hom Inland Lot No. 555 in 2011. Foundation works will commence upon the completion of demolition works.
The project will be developed into a commercial-cum-residential building with a total gross floor area of approximately 56,000 square feet.
During the year, the Harbour Cruise Operations achieved a profit of HK$4.7 million, representing a 15% increase over that of last year. Ferry Operations recorded a profit of HK$4.7 million, a decrease of 36% as compared with the profit for last year. Due to the provision for bad debts and the increased operating costs incurred on annual drydock of the ferries, the Ferry, Shipyard and Related Operations recorded a profit of only HK$5.5 million, a decrease of 44% as compared with the same period of last year.
During the year under review, this group achieved a profit of HK$245 million upon the disposal of Silvermine Beach Hotel.
The Travel Operations Division registered an increase of 29% in its operating profit as compared with that for last year.
Meanwhile, an impairment loss of HK$45 million was recorded in its available-for- sale securities investment during the year.
This group expects the residential units of the Fanling project to be sold in the second half of this year. The sales proceeds from this project and the remaining units of Shining Heights and The Spectacle are expected to be its main sources of revenue.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited ( Miramar ) For the financial year ended 31 December 2011, Miramar s turnover amounted to approximately HK$2,496 million, representing an increase of 18% as compared with 2010. Profit attributable to shareholders posted a growth of 69% to approximately HK$1,325 million (2010: HK$784 million). Excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, underlying profit attributable to shareholders for 2011 was approximately HK$411 million (2010: HK$378 million), representing a year-on-year increase of 9%.
Miramar operates five core businesses, namely Hotel and Hotel Management business, Property Rental business, Food and Beverage business, Travel business and the newly-developed Apparel Retail 
Occupancy rate for The Mira Hong Kong (The Mira ), its flagship hotel, rose from 80% in 2010 to 83% in the year and average room rate posted a growth of 19% from HK$1,470 to HK$1,760.
EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization) of The Mira grew 52% to reach approximately HK$206.5 million. In 2011, it obtained the hotel management project for a boutique hotel in Wan Chai. The boutique hotel, which is currently under construction, will be operated under the brand name of The Mira and is expected to commence operation in 2013. The boutique hotel offers a total of approximately 100 guest 
For this year, overall income of Property Rental Business recorded a growth of 15% over that of 2010. At the end of 2011, occupancy rate of Miramar Shopping Centre was approximately 100% and average unit rate also recorded a mild increase. With the completion of work in the first half of 2011, Grade A office building of Miramar Tower also achieved approximately 100% occupancy rate at the end of 2011 with average unit rate slightly increased as compared to 2010. The refurbishment work in the shopping centre at The Mira was completed in the fourth quarter of 2011.
Miramar operates Tsui Hang Village restaurants, Sichuan restaurant named Yunyan Sichuan Restaurant, Cuisine Cuisine and The French Window that are located at IFC, as well as three new restaurants, namely Hide-Chan Ramen (a popular Japanese Ramen restaurant), Saboten (a traditional Japanese pork cutlet restaurant) and Assaggio Trattoria Italiana (an Italian restaurant) which commenced operation during the year.
Miramar introduced its successful brand Cuisine Cuisine to the mainland China market. The first Cuisine Cuisine is located in the Central Business District of Chaoyang district, Beijing and was opened in September 2011. Varnishing and decoration of the other Cuisine Cuisine in Wuhan was completed and is expected to commence operation in April 2012. During the year, two Tsui Hang Village restaurants were temporarily closed for renovation.
This, together with the write-off of pre- opening expenses of new restaurants, resulted in a loss for the overall Food and 
Turnover of its Travel Business increased 7% to reach HK$1,055 million whilst EBITDA slightly dropped to approximately HK$25 million in 2011.
Miramar extended its reach to Apparel Retail Business in 2011 and became the distributor of DKNY Jeans in mainland China. At present, it owns and operates five DKNY Jeans stores in each of Shanghai and Beijing. In addition, it secured and engaged over 20 franchisees to operate DKNY Jeans franchised stores. At the end of 2011, there were over 40 stores operated by Miramar and franchisees. A negative EBITDA of approximately HK$4 million was sustained during the year.

During the year, the holding company of the Group, namely, Henderson Development Limited which is controlled by the private family trust of Dr Lee Shau Kee, made a capital investment of HK$10,000 million in exercising 172,414,000 warrants for the subscription of 172,414,000 shares in the Company at a price of HK$58 per share.
This has significantly strengthened the capital base of the Company.
As at the year end date, the Group s gearing ratio was 19.9%, a significant drop when compared with 28.2% for the previous year. In order to provide additional funding resources to the Group to cater for its general funding and working capital requirements, the Group concluded a HK$10,000 million three-year syndicated term loan revolving credit facility on 10 January 2011 with a consortium of 13 leading international banks and local financial institutions. The Group also signed up a HK$10,000 million five-year syndicated term loan revolving credit facility on 22 June 2011 with a consortium of 17 leading international banks and local financial institutions. Overwhelming responses from the banking community and consecutive successful conclusions of these two large size syndicated credit facilities fully demonstrated the strong confidence and continuing support of international as well as local banks for the 
With the aim to further diversify the sources of funding and to enhance the Group s overall debt maturity profile, the Group established a US$3,000 million medium term note programme (the MTN Programme ) in August 2011. Since the establishment of the MTN Programme, the Group issued medium term notes of four years, five years and seven years in the Singapore domestic debt capital market for a total amount of S$600 million at coupon rates ranging from 3.65% to 4.00% and also issued five-year unrated public bonds for a total amount of US$700 million at a coupon of 4.75% which were sold to a wide spectrum of fixed-income investors that are mainly located in Hong Kong as well as in other parts of Asia. In addition, based on reverse enquiry generating from certain institutional fixed income investors, the Group also issued and distributed long term notes in Hong Kong Dollars through private placements with coupon rates fixed at 4.03% and 4.80% for notes of 10-year tenor and 20-year tenor respectively. Also, in March 2012, to take advantage of current market liquidity in the local money market, the Group issued HK$640 million two-year fixed rate bonds at a relatively low coupon rate of 2.16% to cater for and supplement its working capital requirement. In aggregate, the Group was able to obtain medium term and long term funding that amounted to the equivalent of over HK$11,000 million over a period of six months notwithstanding that unstable conditions have prevailed in the international financial markets since the establishment of the MTN Programme.
Bond proceeds that originated from fixed income investors of diversified sources were applied towards refinancing certain existing short-to-medium term bank loan facilities of the Group.
Further, in light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past years, the Group has concluded and has outstanding at 31 December 2011 Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for terms ranging from three to fifteen years. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates at levels which are well below the average for the past several years. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.
Shortly after the end of the financial year, in respect of the International Finance Centre project jointly owned by the Group, a non-recourse 3-year term loan facility was signed in February 2012 for an amount of HK$10,000 million raised in the local syndicated loan market with favourable 
The indication from The U.S. Federal Reserve to keep interest rates low until late 2014, as well as The European Central Bank s recent provision of massive low- interest loans to eurozone banks through a second round of long-term refinancing operations, led to a gradual stabilization of the financial markets. China s 2012 GDP growth target of 7.5% recently announced by the Central Government is regarded as a healthy and satisfactory goal. It is conducive to a positive development of the global economy if the U.S., in parallel, also re-ignites an economic recovery.
Looking ahead, given growing housing demand from both mainland and local residents, as well as the expected extension of the low interest rate environment, the Group remains optimistic about the prospects for Hong Kong s property market. Two sizeable developments, namely, the projects in Lok Wo Sha, Ma On Shan (Phase 1) and Tai Tong, Yuen Long will be put up for sale in 2012. Meanwhile, the Group has pushed ahead in earnest with the development of urban redevelopment projects. Among these, projects at 30-38 Po Tuck Street, 68 Boundary Street, 189- 195 Sai Yeung Choi Street North and 186- 188 Tai Po Road are now ready for sale or pre-sale in 2012. Together with the unsold stocks, a total of over 4,000 residential units will be available for sale this year and they are expected to bring significant revenue to the Group.
Turning to mainland China, both austerity and monetary policies are not expected to have significant changes in the first half of 2012. In the second half of 2012, however, it is likely there will be a slight relaxation of the monetary policy provided that the general price level is contained within a reasonable range and it could have a profound impact on the property market.
Currently, the mainland property market is restrained by policy measures, which would be adjusted in line with changes in external environment. The Group s projects are all well positioned for sale so as to capitalize on emerging opportunities arising from market changes. For those second and third-tier cities, housing supply and home prices were relatively steady in the past. However, when infrastructural projects and transportation networks currently undertaken are completed, the increased pace of urbanization in those cities will drive up the housing demand.
On the property investment front, strong cross-border spending by mainland shoppers and business expansion by overseas companies will fuel further rental growth in Hong Kong. The Group s portfolio of shopping malls and offices, which boasts quality developments in both core areas and up-and-coming commercial hubs, is well placed to benefit from this market development and the Group s rental incomes are expected to maintain their upward trend. In mainland China, the gradual completion of new commercial projects will increase the Group s rental proceeds and provide additional recurrent cash flow. The Group s overall rental income for 2012 is set to grow considerably.
Founded in 1976, the Group has, over the past 35 years, built up a sizeable and diversified asset portfolio. According to the Group s accounts ended 31 December 2011, the net asset book value attributable to equity shareholders reached a record high of HK$185,000 million, translating into a net asset value per share of HK$78.23 which was more than double of its closing market price of HK$38.6 per share at the end of 2011. If the Group s investment in a listed associate, namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, had merely been valued based on its closing market price rather than its book value at the end of 2011, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders should have increased by an additional amount exceeding HK$20,000 million.
Among all the listed associates, Hong Kong and China Gas accounted for the largest share of profit contribution. Its earnings increased by 10% during the year. It is expected to grow further in line with China s economic growth, with its promising mainland businesses overtaking its Hong Kong businesses. Meanwhile, the Group s total net rental income in Hong Kong and mainland China increased by 25% to approximately HK$4,170 million during the year. The earnings from Hong Kong and China Gas and rental property portfolio serve as a solid base for the Group s sustainable growth.
In addition, the Group held extensive land reserves for development. For its holding of around 40 urban redevelopment projects, the total gross floor area available for development amounted to 4.3 million square feet and about 6,000 housing units could be built. Meanwhile, the Group also held New Territories land reserves amounting to 41.9 million square feet, which included land lots of 9.1 million square feet in the future new development towns. If the allowed plot ratio for development in these future new development towns is 2 to 3 times, they are expected to provide a total gross floor area of 18 to 27 million square feet and about 30,000 to 45,000 housing units can be built. In mainland China, the Group had a land bank of approximately 151 million square feet in attributable gross floor area. As the development of the above projects gains pace, they are expected to provide the Group with handsome return and create abundant value for shareholders in the years ahead.

Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, Mr Au Siu Kee, Alexander, was re- designated as a Non-executive Director on retirement with effect from 1 July 2011. I would like to thank him for his invaluable contribution during his tenure as Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer.
Sir Po-shing Woo resigned as a Non- executive Director on 29 February 2012 after serving on the Board for over 30 years since 1981. I would like to thank him for his support, devotion and invaluable contribution to the Company during such a long tenure.
Mr Woo Ka Biu, Jackson ceased to be an alternate to Sir Po-shing Woo upon Sir Po- shing Woo s resignation on 29 February 2012. I am delighted that he will continue to serve the Board as an Independent Non- executive Director with effect from 1 
I would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their full support, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2012 
