The year 2017
MARKS THE 20TH ANNIVERSARY
OF THE HANDOVER OF HONG
KONG TO THE MOTHERLAND
whose on-going rapid development has provided
solid back-up and invaluable opportunities
for Hong Kong.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS,
Sustainable development of an enterprise is the primary
concern of its decision makers. The rapid changes in
economic direction, industry structure, technology trends and
social circumstance will have unprecedented impact on the
enterprise. It might be incidental for an enterprise to survive
these challenges. However, it is hardly from mere luck for it
to attain new levels against this backdrop, it relies on the
vision and execution capabilities of the decision makers.
“We often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed
door that we do not see the one which was opened for us”,
said Alexander Graham Bell, the renowned entrepreneur
credited with patenting the world’s first practical telephone.
In some cases, traditional industries tend to rest on their
laurels and do not bother preparing themselves for catching
up with the latest innovative, technological and social
development as well as further development in other potential
areas. Not until the industry structure experiences adjustment
do they find themselves in a situation between a rock and a
hard place.
Today’s business environment is complicated and everchanging.
Life cycle for a business has become even shorter.
Whether or not an enterprise can differentiate itself from the
peers and establish a solid base for sustainable development
depends on its ability to take advantage of the current
situation, implement reform to optimise its own vitality
through innovative thinking and new resources, effectively
handle the transition from old to new, continuously seek
breakthroughs and new momentum while adhering to its own
corporate culture, and realise its vision to the fullest extent.
Since its establishment in 1970, the New World Group has
been upholding the belief in and passion for providing the
market with quality services and products. Its bold quests for
innovation and flexible application of technologies translate
into the unique living experience and lifestyle offered to the
stakeholders under the brand of New World.
The year 2017 marks the 20th anniversary of the handover of
Hong Kong to the motherland whose on-going rapid
development has provided solid back-up and invaluable
opportunities for Hong Kong. The Central Government will
continue to support Hong Kong in playing an important role in
the implementation of such major development strategies as
the Belt and Road initiative, the construction of the GuangdongHong
Kong-Macau Bay Area and the internationalisation of
Renminbi, providing an endless stream of new impetuses and
opportunities for the local economy and its development.
The New World Group has high expectations on the future
development of Hong Kong and Mainland China. The Group
will continue to streamline its business and organisation
structure, take on future challenges proactively and
optimistically, leveraging on its sustainable corporate culture
as well as innovative thinking and operation philosophy,
capitalise on opportunities, contribute to the motherland,
serve the community and create value for shareholders.
Dr. Cheng Kar-Shun, Henry
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 September 2017 