Chairman s Statement Results and Dividend For the twelve months ended 30 June 2009, turnover decreased 56% to HK$4,696 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$2,638 million, 65% lower than last year. Earnings per share was HK$1.98, representing a decline of 65% over last year.
When excluding the revaluation gain and its deferred taxes and minority interests, underlying net profit retreated by 43% from HK$2,555 million to HK$1,454 million, and the underlying earnings per share by 43% to HK$1.09.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK54 cents per share which is the same as last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be same as last year at HK70.5 cents 
The period under review saw the economy sliding from weak to recession before apparent stabilization. Hong Kong residential prices were listless at the beginning, but to the surprise of most, picked up strongly in the last several months. Much of the activities concentrated on the mass market where we do not play. Consequently, very little apartments were sold by our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP). Our revenue and profit fell solely for that reason, as all other businesses in the Group grew nicely.
Hong Kong is affected by the global economic turmoil. Relatively speaking, offices performed the best and serviced apartments the worst. Retail held its own, with rent increase similar to that of the year before. The rate of growth for offices had slowed somewhat which was understandable. Occupancy was similar to that of a year ago.
In spite of the economic downturn, all sectors in our Shanghai investment portfolio recorded double digit growth. Compared to a year ago, the rise was less spectacular but still respectable. Retail rent in both Plaza 66 and The Grand Gateway rose by close to 20% although turnover rent in the latter came down. For offices, The Grand Gateway did better while Plaza 66 had some new competition. All of our facilities remain fully let.
It was gratifying that we had prepared ourselves well for the economic downturn. For all of 2007 and 2008 when the market was hot on the Mainland, we stayed on the sidelines. We watched our competitors from both Hong Kong and the Mainland rush in to bid up land prices. They leapt to dizzying heights in the late summer and fall 
That sentiment apparently affected Hong Kong. By that October, both the stock and property markets went up. We took advantage of it and sold many apartments. That gave us much cash and we simply sat on it.
As early as in the first quarter of 2008, weaknesses were detected in the Chinese economy and real estate prices began to cool. When summer arrived a year ago, the Mainland property market became lifeless, a condition which had already set in in Hong Kong several months prior. Many who had bought land on the Mainland in the previous year were in serious financial trouble. Stronger players mostly from Hong Kong took a knock; a good number of Mainland developers were technically bankrupt.
That was the time that we began anew to attack the Mainland market.
Recognizing that many municipal governments were in a dire financial strait as the months rolled on without selling land, we knew that buying opportunities had returned. We resumed negotiations in earnest and were welcomed by city leaders with open arms. Terms we wanted which were previously rejected by officials were now accepted. Once again, there was no competition in sight. Eventually HLP was able to sign up in mid-May two choice sites, one each in Dalian and Wuxi. Management s expectation expressed in my letter to shareholders of last year came to fruition.
Looking back at history, we prepared ourselves superbly for the Asian Financial Crisis which began in July 1997. As a result, we made a lot of money in our home market and laid a firm foundation to surge ahead.
Eleven years later when this time the entire world was engulfed in economic turmoil, again we with foresight had put ourselves in a favorable financial position. We took advantage of the first crisis and wisely bought land in Hong Kong; this time we did it on the Mainland.
As some have said, bear markets are too valuable to waste. We never 
As we all know, real estate is a highly cyclical industry. Such is the danger and such is the attraction. Some people say that there are two ways to handle cycles. The first tries to anticipate market movements and prepare for them. We are squarely in this camp. The risk is of course that one gets it wrong. The second basically neglects the cycles. Buy and sell come high water or low. There are apparently merits to this mode of operation as well. It is perhaps more acceptable to developers who regularly sell their products.
For the second way, empirical evidence tends to support my fear that one day a big crest will come and the developer must borrow heavily to buy land for fear of falling behind competitors. Then for whatever reason this is followed by a bust. Historically such occurrences are by no means rare especially in developing economies such as China.
One is then caught in a cash flow bind which may bankrupt the company. This was exactly what happened last fall with many Mainland developers, particularly several in the southern part of 
What this tells us is that even with the second strategy, some amount of reading the cycle is required. The largest residential developer by volume on the Mainland (and so in the world), namely Vanke, did exactly that. They became cautious as early as the first quarter of 2008, some six months before the light went out for the industry. As a result, even if the government did not help, they would still have survived. The same could not be said of many others.
That there were others who, like us, read the market correctly was a comfort to us. Since the present management team of your Company took charge almost nineteen years ago, we have consistently done that first in Hong Kong and now also on the Mainland. Our experiences, and those of certain others, prove that it can be done.
And it must be done.
The two plots of land just purchased are both excellent. The one in Wuxi can be considered as an extension of the first piece across the street bought at the end of 2006. We have been working on the new lot ever since. The total size when both are fully developed will yield over 376,000 square meters of mixed use space. The additional land will render the entire project most impressive - - it will dominate the area at the very center of the city. From a design perspective, we will have added flexibility. All that results in a development that is more attractive to tenants and to the city as a whole. Our market positioning will become more competitive and so defendable, and our investment even more safe.
Dalian on the other hand is a new city for us although we have been working on it for many years. The economy is vibrant and its citizens, affluent. Repeated visits yielded little until on one such trip an idea dawned on us, namely, to move the entire municipal sports stadium elsewhere and develop the site. Our proposal after some back-andforth with the government was accepted. Once again, by thinking out of the box we were able to buy a beautiful piece. The location is very prominent and dictates a spectacular design. We are now working on it, and municipal officials have started to clear the site. Once ready, we will build the biggest shopping mall so far for the group - - at about 222 ,000 square meters.

In spite of overall lethargy in local and neighboring economies, Hong Kong s residential market has been unexpectedly strong in the past several months. It may continue and if so, HLP will try to sell completed flats. Success in that regard will affect year end results.
At the beginning of 2009, almost no one expected that the Hong Kong residential market would recover so soon. When there were signs of life in January, experts termed it a minor uptick. Few thought that it would last, but last it did. In fact it is unusual for our market to rise unabated for so long - - already half a year. Now everyone is searching for an explanation.
Chief among rationales given are: the abundance of cash in the banking system, exceedingly low mortgage rates, short housing supply in the coming few years, and increased speculation. I may add that recent troubles in the financial market might have caused some to lose confidence in paper assets. They feel safer to switch at least part if not most of their investments to bricks and mortar. And once price begins to take off and is thought by most to be sustainable, more money will be poured in, thus exacerbating the price hike.
Eventually the doubters are forced to change their mind and join 
Are there sufficient fundamental reasons to sustain the bull market? Frankly I am unsure. But even in their absence, temporary market conditions may keep prices up for some time. Moreover, there is little to lose by preparing ourselves in case there are opportunities to part with Hong Kong flats. That we will do.
Our long term bread and butter is still the leasing of investment properties. Here the picture is a little clearer. It is likely that the Hong Kong rental market will hold steady not unlike the past two years. Our Shanghai properties will experience for the first time slower growth. It started last year and would likely worsen somewhat before recovering. Because The Grand Gateway mall is less dependent on turnover rent, it will fare better than that of Plaza 66. Lower price points for goods sold is another reason. Offices have different dynamics but the result is anticipated to be similar, namely, Plaza 66 will be more challenged. There are new competitors both in its immediate neighborhood and in Pudong.
All in all, I expect some growth in our rental business in both Hong Kong and Shanghai. Depending on the global economy and the way China copes with it, I am hopeful that faster rent increase will return in the second half of 2010 for our retail properties. But for the present fiscal year, our ability to sell completed Hong Kong condos will 
Ronnie C. Chan 
