Chairman s Statement The profit attributable to shareholders for ?008 was HK$5,908 million, compared to HK$?6,?60 million in ?007. Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, which primarily adjusts for net property revaluation gains and the associated deferred tax, fell by HK$4,990 million to HK$5,?93 million. The reduction in underlying profit principally reflects a very difficult year for the Aviation Division, which was faced with significant fluctuations in the oil price and, in the latter part of the year, significant weakness in passenger and cargo demand. This over-shadowed strong performances from the Group s property, marine services and beverages interests. The underlying profit for ?008 included a gain of HK$1,7?1 million on disposal of the Group s interest in the Swire SITA waste management business, for further information on which see note 3(d) on page 105.
The underlying profit for ?007 included a gain of HK$1,078 million on the disposal of the Group s interest in Shekou Container Terminals.
Apart from aviation, ?008 was largely a year of sound organic growth in the face of increasingly difficult market conditions. Swire Properties and Swire Pacific Offshore both reported significant increases in recurring profit, principally reflecting continued strong demand for office space and offshore support services. Swire Beverages benefited from strong volume growth in markets outside the USA.
The Group continued to invest in its core businesses in ?008. Cash used in investing activities totalled HK$11,083 million. Committed investments at the year-end were HK$17,09? million.
The resilience of the Group s non-aviation interests in ?008 does not mean that the Group will be immune in ?009 from the adverse effects of the prevailing economic conditions. While the Group will continue to invest in accordance with its existing long-term commitments, it will, given the considerable current fragility in the world economy, remain cautious in its approach to new 
The Directors have recommended Final dividends of HK148.0 per A share and HK?9.6 per B share, which, together with the Interim dividends paid in October ?008, amount to full year dividends of HK?38.0 per A share and HK47.6 per B share, compared to full year dividends of HK3?3.0 per A share and HK64.6 per B share in respect of 2007. The reduction in dividends reflects the reduction in 2008 underlying profit attributable to shareholders and the uncertain outlook for 2009.

In February ?008 Swire Properties acquired a 50% joint-venture interest in a retail-led mixed-use development of 1.9 million square feet near Jiang Tai in the Chaoyang District of Beijing.
In March ?008 Swire Properties completed the construction of the 70-storey One Island East office building in Quarry Bay, Hong Kong, adding approximately 1.5 million square feet to Swire Properties Island East investment property portfolio. The building is 94% leased and 76% physically 
July ?008 saw the opening of the south site of The Village at Sanlitun retail and hotel development in Beijing, followed in August by that of The Opposite House hotel. This was the first of Swire Properties Mainland China projects to open. It will be followed by others in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou over the next four years.
In September ?008 the Group agreed to transfer its 50% interest in the Swire SITA waste management business to Suez Environnement, its joint-venture partner, for a consideration of HK$1,888 million.

Underlying profit in the Property Division rose by 11%, reflecting continued strong demand for, and positive rental reversions in, the Group s office portfolio in Hong Kong, and assisted by profits from closings at the Asia residential development in Miami. Gross rental income rose by ?3%. On an attributable basis, the Property Division s net investment property valuation gain (before deferred tax) in ?008 of HK$?41 million compared to a net gain in ?007 of HK$19,563 million. Values rose in the first half of ?008, but fell towards the end of the year, reflecting a deterioration in property market fundamentals.
The Cathay Pacific group contributed a loss for ?008 of HK$3,55? million, reflecting high fuel costs in the first half of the year, and unrealised mark-to-market fuel hedging losses, weaker passenger and cargo demand and an attributable loss from its associated company, Air China, in the second- half. The fuel hedging losses were recognised in ?008 but relate to fuel hedging contracts covering the period ?009 to ?011. Cathay Pacific s results also reflect payment of a fine of US$60 million (equivalent to HK$468 million) under a plea agreement with the United States Department of Justice relating to its air cargo business in the USA.
Despite weakness in the aviation industry, demand for the HAECO group s services continued to be strong in ?008. The heavy airframe maintenance facilities in both Hong Kong and Xiamen were operating at near capacity for most of the year, with the profit attributable to Swire Pacific increasing by 8% to HK$505 million.
In the Beverages Division, solid volume growth in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Taiwan more than compensated for weakness in the US market and margin pressure from high raw material costs in all markets, resulting in a 15% increase in attributable profit.
The Marine Services Division recorded a ?0% rise in attributable profit, excluding the effect of the HK$1,078 million profit on sale of Shekou Container Terminals in ?007.
Continued strong offshore oil exploration activity throughout ?008 helped Swire Pacific Offshore to another record year, with very high charter rates and strong vessel utilisation.
Attributable profit from the Trading & Industrial Division fell by 5% in ?008, excluding the effect of the gain on disposal of the Group s interest in Swire SITA. There was a small reduction in attributable profit at Swire Resources. The car business in Taiwan was adversely affected by weak consumer demand. Improved results were recorded by the beverage cans and paint manufacturing joint ventures.

Net debt increased by HK$7,954 million during the year to HK$30,446 million, primarily as a result of investments in property projects and new vessels. HK$11,675 million of financing was arranged, including HK$4,569 million during the second-half. Gearing rose during the year by 5.8 percentage points from 16.5% to ??.3%. Cash and undrawn committed facilities totalled HK$10,595 million at 31st December ?008, compared with HK$1?,484 million at 31st 
Swire Pacific s governance principles and the processes adopted to safeguard the interests of shareholders are set out on pages 63 to 74.

Swire Pacific recognises the importance of acting responsibly towards its stakeholders (including employees and the communities in which it is involved) and towards the natural environment in which it operates. In July ?008, the Group issued its first Sustainable Development Report, detailing the progress made in implementing a Group-wide Sustainable 
The property market in Hong Kong is expected to weaken during ?009. However, the Group s completed office portfolio is virtually fully let, with approximately 1?% of tenancies by floor area due to expire during ?009. Overall rental income will benefit from a full year s contribution from the One Island East office building.
The Group s completed retail portfolio is virtually fully let, with approximately 14% of tenancies by floor area due to expire during ?009. However, the trading environment for the Group s retail developments in both Hong Kong and Mainland China is likely to remain subdued in ?009.
The north site of The Village at Sanlitun is expected to open progressively during ?009, starting in April.
Construction of the superstructure is underway at the TaiKoo Hui mixed-use development in central Guangzhou, with a phased opening expected to commence in late ?010.
Work has commenced at the Jiang Tai development in the Chaoyang district of Beijing. This development, which will consist of office and retail space, as well as a hotel to be managed by Swire Hotels, is scheduled for phased opening 
Site clearance and resettlement works continue at the Dazhongli mixed-use development in the Jing An district of Shanghai, with opening expected in ?013.
In Hong Kong, Swire Properties expects to open two new hotels in the next twelve months, both of which will be managed by Swire Hotels. The 117-room luxury hotel, The Upper House, at Pacific Place, is due to open at the end of ?009, while the 345-room EAST hotel at Cityplaza is due to open in early ?010.
On completion of current developments, Swire Properties will have a portfolio of 15.5 million square feet in Hong Kong and 7.9 million square feet in Mainland China, as well as property interests in the USA and the UK.
The Cathay Pacific group expects an extremely challenging year in ?009. Passenger and cargo demand are expected to remain weak and, if fuel prices remain at their present levels, further losses on fuel hedging contracts will be incurred (although they will not be at the levels incurred in 2008 and the actual cost of fuel will be substantially lower than in ?008). Up to the end of February, unrealised mark-to-market losses on fuel hedging of HK$1.9 billion (of which the Group s share would be HK$0.8 billion) have been incurred in ?009, compared with HK$7.6 billion for the whole of ?008 (of which the Group s share was HK$3.0 billion). The ?009 losses principally reflect reductions in the forward prices payable for fuel during the periods in which the relevant fuel hedging contracts will mature. Continued weakness in passenger yields and in air cargo demand will require careful management of resources. Measures being taken include the redeployment of capacity to routes where demand remains comparatively firm, the parking or disposal of a number of aircraft, and the deferral of completion of the new air cargo terminal at Hong Kong 
The HAECO group will not be immune from the sharp deterioration in aviation market conditions and a slowdown in demand for its maintenance, repair and overhaul business in ?009 is expected. The group will open its third hangar in Hong Kong in mid-?009.
The Beverages Division is expecting adverse conditions in the US market. It is hoped that this will be offset in part by continued volume growth and margin improvement in 
After experiencing record high demand and charter rates in ?008, Swire Pacific Offshore expects a more challenging ?009 as additional fleet capacity enters a less buoyant 
The Trading & Industrial Division expects difficult trading conditions for Swire Resources and continued weakness in the Taiwan car market.
I believe that, notwithstanding the uncertain outlook for ?009, the Group s strategy of continued, measured investment for the long-term is the right course. This strategy positions the Group to withstand the effects of difficult economic times while enabling it to benefit from improved economic conditions in the future.
I am grateful for the commitment of our employees to the continued success of the Group and I take this opportunity to thank them.

Hong Kong, 12th March 2009 
