Chairman s Statement To Our Shareholders, Hong Kong has entered its tenth year as a Special Administrative Region of the PRC . Political and economic news of the Mainland China are widely reported by the Hong Kong media. National People s Congress of the PRC and National People s Congress Meeting gradually become the hot topics among Hong Kong people. From the economic slowdown after the financial crisis in 1997 through the economic boom in 2007, the motherland has been supporting Hong Kong in recovering from adversity; on the other hand, Hong Kong has been actively cooperating with the motherland in going international. Throughout ten years of trial and hardship, the tie between China and Hong Kong has become closer and closer.
Great foresight is required to run a multinational corporation. A magnificent blueprint, a loyal team and a well-coordinated organization are the three indispensable factors, and the same applies from ruling a country to maintaining a family. As early as March 2006, the 11th Five-Year Plan embraced Hong Kong into the country s overall macro-development framework, further strengthening the cooperation between Hong Kong and mainland cities and emphasizing the importance of reinforcing Hong Kong s reputation as one of the world s leading financial centres. After its return to China, Hong Kong has become an inseparable part of this large country by exerting its business strengths to become a vital member of the country and developing its four pillar industries, namely finance, commerce, shipping and professional services. As a world-class international financial centre located in China, Hong Kong will continue to make diversified contributions to China in the different sectors of human resource, management expertise, information technology and culture in the future.
China is poised to take the lead on the stage of 2008 Beijing Olympics. A Chinese proverb goes, Heroes always come from young people . Aristotle also says, All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth. Young people in China and Hong Kong are the future of the motherland. New World Group has strived to educate the next generation and build up the bridge of communication between the young people in China and Hong Kong in order to promote prosperity and harmony in the region, in the hope of working hand-in-hand with the youth in creating a wonderful new world for the country.
Dr. Cheng Yu-Tung 
