CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Results and Dividend For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2007, we reported an increase in turnover of 13.8% to HK$4,777.8 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders grew 69% to HK$4,785.9 million, and earnings per share was 359.1 cents, a rise of 68.8%. The underlying net profit, which excludes the revaluation gain and related deferred tax shot up 110.1% to HK$1,995.5 million from HK$949.8 million.
Underlying earnings per share advanced by 110% to 149.7 cents.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 46.5 cents per share which is an improvement of 13.4% over last year. If approved, total dividends for the full year will be 61 cents per share, 9.9% higher compared to that of the previous year.

Last year I presented a historic sketch of Hong Kong's property sector since the 1960's. The idea was to show the systemic changes which had fundamentally altered the industry. That provided the rationale for our deemphasizing the local market. Here I would like to review the path we as a group have taken which led us to concentrate efforts in mainland China. Before doing so, I will first add a word about the Hong Kong environment.
Situated on the southern coast of China, Hong Kong is the best place to observe the monumental changes on the mainland. It is perhaps a once in a century event when 1.3 billion people march forward and strive to join the ranks of the affluent. Speaking the same language, sharing a common cultural heritage and being of the same race, Hong Kong citizens are in the best position to take advantage of commercial opportunities associated with China's rise. If we in this city cannot benefit therefrom, we have no one to blame but ourselves.
But as for all good things, there is a cost. Not everyone and not every sector will benefit equally from China s growth. In fact many will be hurt, although overall our economy should register strong gains if we grasp the opportunities. For example, professionals in financial services will reap huge salaries, but workers in manufacturing will likely lose their jobs. While our retailers and hoteliers are busy serving mainland customers, port workers and truck drivers will feel the pressure of competition from the north.
Fighting change will be futile and in the end, hurt our economy as a whole. The only way forward is to stop bemoaning our fate and find ways to better ourselves so as to take advantage of newfound opportunities. Certain things are inevitable. With the mainland economy being 13 times bigger than ours and growing at twice the pace, Hong Kong will have to adjust to China and not the other 
Residential development which has been the mainstay of the local real estate sector may well be one of the areas hurt by the mainland s continued progress. Consider the following social realities. Jobs are increasingly found up north. Twenty years ago manufacturing positions moved in that direction; ten years ago lowskilled services followed suit. Now even higher paying professional jobs such as those in the legal and accounting sectors are migrating across the border.
Our young people eight or ten years out of university who formerly would begin buying apartments here are now renting instead. They never know when their employers will want them stationed in Shanghai, Beijing or other mainland cities. The truth is if they want a promising career, opportunities are far more abundant on the other side. Even if they are not required to move north, some will request to go. Afterall, unlike ten or twenty years ago, living there is now almost as every bit pleasant and comfortable as in Hong Kong.
Since their standard of living is lower, the same dollar stretches 
The same appeal holds for older retired folks. Selling their Hong Kong home will buy a lot more space on the mainland where food, clothing and transportation are also cheaper. For retirees, the only worry is healthcare just as for younger couples, it is education for the next generation. But these are not irresolvable issues so on balance many will choose to migrate.
Moreover, unmarried Hong Kong residents unable to find a spouse locally will have a better chance on the mainland given the much larger pool of candidates. Today cross-border marriages are far more acceptable and prevalent than anytime in recent memory. In such cases it is easier for the Hong Kong spouse to move north than for the other to come here. Thus many newlyweds end up in 
All these social and economic phenomena mean that the pool of potential homebuyers in Hong Kong has shrunk. No wonder annual property transactions in recent years have lingered at low levels. This is especially true for new units but the secondary market is not much better. Instead of trading up to better or larger units within Hong Kong, they are buying on the mainland. When older folks retire to the north or purchase a second home there, their children simply move into their Hong Kong apartment instead of buying another unit. Similarly, when sons or daughters find jobs across the border, the parents may move into the Hong Kong condos left vacant by their children.
A few years ago, the Hong Kong government announced that civil servants would no longer work on Saturday mornings. The private sector for the most part followed suit. The hope was that our citizens would have more leisure time and consume more. It seemed reasonable at the time to assume that people would, among other things, use the extra weekend free time to hunt for apartments.
Afterall, for decades Saturdays have been the busiest time for estate agents. As it turned out, property hunting on Saturdays our citizens did, except that it was done in the Pearl River Delta or further north.
This development amply illustrates the condition of residential sales in Hong Kong.
Will the situation reverse? I would not place too much hope. The phenomenon itself does not have to spell the death of our economy.
Hong Kong should concentrate on improving ourselves to take advantage of the bigger economic pie afforded by mainland s growth.
Bemoaning our sectoral woes will not change anything. As long as we seize the many new and seemingly unlimited opportunities, our economy as a whole should do satisfactorily. To a large extent our future can and should still be in our own hands. It is just what we make of it.
Our Company s history of the past fifteen years illustrates that very point. Over that period, real estate opportunities in Shanghai and other mainland cities have gradually exceeded those in Hong Kong. They offer more and promise better returns. It is thus inevitable that as our new projects shift to the north, our architects and engineers will have to move with them. Looking at the brighter side, our huge expansion there affords tremendous possibilities for career advancement. The deputy head of a Hong Kong team can easily become a team leader in a mainland city where our projects are frankly far larger than most of the ones we have done here. With higher salaries which come with promotion and lower living costs in their adopted cities, our staff can afford to keep their Hong Kong apartments. As long as Hong Kong does not become overly politicized and there is definitely that danger these professionals will still call this city their home.
And as long as they keep a residence here, they will return and spend money. Afterall, Hong Kong still has many lovely and attractive 
That said, the fact remains that our Company s future is on the mainland. Our first two projects The Grand Gateway and Plaza 66 were respectively initiated in 1992 and 1993 in Shanghai; completed buildings were opened in 1999 and 2001. During the intervening years, we were not confident of their success, but soon after completing the two shopping malls and the first of two office towers at Plaza 66, we knew that we had done the right thing. As some would say, the rest is history as both developments quickly become landmarks even before we finished building them out last year. When four Beijing institutions recently picked China s top one hundred office buildings, Plaza 66 came in number one. And when a Shanghai organization chose the city s ten best shopping malls, The Grand Gateway was the runner up. Who was the best but Plaza 66 again! The opportunity to develop projects of that magnitude and quality in Hong Kong is frankly missing.
Now let me come to the path which led us to concentrate on mainland China. While we were experimenting in Shanghai in the 1990 s, much happened in our home base, Hong Kong. In the early 1990 s we had to struggle because unlike most of our competitors, we did not have a large land bank. When property prices climbed as they did during those years, we were at a severe disadvantage.
Nevertheless, we were careful every step of the way, and unlike some of our then bigger competitors, we did not make serious mistakes. Rather, we prepared ourselves perfectly for the Asian financial crisis. When it struck in mid-1997, we were sitting on a pile 
Thereafter, we continued to make correct decisions. We missed a few smaller opportunities but took full advantage of the biggest and the best ones. Land purchased in 1999 and 2000 in the absence of competition gave us and will continue to give us, since we still own most of the completed residential units, huge profits. We also have the best profit margins in the industry. The stock market took notice and our share price as well as that of our subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) began to climb.
The biggest breakthrough, however, was yet to come. Namely, the combination of stockpiling cash in Hong Kong and the successful experimentation in Shanghai, provided the impetus to formulate our new mainland China strategy. Its latest evolution calls for the construction of eighteen large commercial complexes in about ten cities outside of Shanghai. After several years of intense work and with apparent consensus from the investment community, management is confident that our clearly enunciated strategy, a rarity in the industry, will be successful. The market capitalization of our major subsidiary HLP has gone from number 9 or 10 among property counters in Hong Kong to number 2 based on those firms that derive at least half of their profit from real estate. Competitors once four or five times the size of HLP are now smaller than it, with only one company still being bigger.
While we are excited about our past, we remain cautious regarding the future. It is somewhat premature to say definitively that our mainland strategy has succeeded. All indications so far are positive but until I see profit in the form of cash in our pocket, I would prefer not to prejudge too early. The Chinese economy is exciting but it is in many ways still fragile. It is subject to mishaps, and downturns can last several years.
All these can disrupt our plans. We can only take comfort in the fact that the Company is lowly geared while HLP is in a positive cash position with steady rental income of quality. That puts us almost in a no-loss situation but the size of the jackpot is not yet clear. Our expectation however is that what we have achieved in Shanghai in the past should be replicable in our new projects. Generally speaking, they should yield an annual gross return on investment of 5-7% in the first three-year lease term, 8-11% per annum in the second term, and perhaps12-18% in the third. Challenges abound but it is these anticipated numbers which spur management on with vigor and determination.
Now back to the more immediate and mundane: last year was a productive one for our group s mainland endeavors. HLP closed three very significant land transactions amounting to six projects Doumugong in Shenyang, Liaoning Province which counted as three, Wuxi in Jiangsu Province which added two, and one in Jinan, Shangdong Province. A preliminary agreement was signed for a very large project in Changsha, Hunan Province. Just as significantly, we broke ground on two developments Zhongjie Road and Doumugong which are both in Shenyang.
Our property leasing business in Shanghai and in Hong Kong did well, with the former once again being the star performer. For the first time we saw full year rent contribution of the serviced apartments at The Grand Gateway. The second residential tower was completed in late 2006 which added impetus. Both of these are held directly by your Company.
This year HLP sold slightly more residential units in Hong Kong which together with the sales of certain commercial properties gave us a somewhat higher profit figure than the year before.
We did not part with more completed apartments because the environment was still not auspicious. Only in the last four months of the fiscal year did we detect some life in the market, so almost all of the sales we made were done in that period.

Through HLP, we are working on several sizeable transactions on the mainland. Management is hopeful that at least some and with some luck, even all of them will come to fruition. If so, then we may have a chance of not needing to wait until the end of 2009 to finish buying land for the targeted eighteen projects. But to be safe, we are still scouring economically dynamic cities around the country for the best possible deals. So far we have not encountered serious competition, but it is perhaps unrealistic to expect such a desirable state to continue indefinitely. The landscape is rapidly changing.
Hang Lung was certainly not among the earliest to enter the mainland market many bought land and built in the mid to late 1980 s whereas we only started our first acquisition in 1992. The public impression that we were the earliest might stem from the fact that we were probably the first to clearly enunciate a definite strategy. We also admitted openly by words and actions that our focus was increasingly north of the border.
On the other hand, we are assuredly not the last. A good number of Hong Kong players stayed out of the mainland throughout the 1990 s and even well into the new millennium. But within the past two to three years, it seems that all have, either by choice or by market forces, become converts. Some major players who entered earlier than we did but made a mess, have regrouped and are now renewing their attack. Other more cautious developers who for years only dipped their toes are now openly declaring their intention to increase investments. Besides Hong Kong companies which used to dominate the scene, there are now many newcomers from overseas. Chief among them are Singaporean firms, some of which are very well capitalized.
With all these new developments, to expect more competition is 
Given our success, many are studying our strategy which is quite transparent. (Two years ago I struggled with the decision to go public with our strategy. We eventually did and I documented that thought process in my annual letter to shareholders along with details of our plan.) Competitors will try to emulate, but as I alluded to in 2005, most if not all will underestimate the difficulties.
Trouble will come not just from technical issues but from the lack of a proper mindset for such a strategy. Unless such a mental orientation is present, it will not work. One will find execution most frustrating. As I wrote a year ago, the key to our success in the coming years, after setting the proper strategy, would be execution, execution, and more execution. I am counting on our unique strategy as the first competitive determent, and execution as the second. We recognize that there are many ways to make money on the mainland and ours is but one. Nevertheless it fits our management philosophy and culture, and we believe it to be the 
My ambivalence regarding the China market should be obvious to shareholders by now. Since we do not know how serious competition will be in the coming months and years, it is safe to expect the worst. Our response in that scenario is fortunately exactly what we have stated clearly before and consistently practiced for several years. Namely, it is to purchase as much good land as soon as possible. Do not expect management to compromise too much on the land acquisition criteria we set for ourselves, although we may have to take some more risks to get the job done. Time is of the essence. By grabbing the best land for the eighteen projects, our competitive advantage will be more secure. Location is still the first consideration in this business. Size and shape are also important but we exercise limited influence in this regard. We can only buy what is available. Our only defense , if you can call it that, is not to buy a certain piece. Once the right plot is ours, however, I am confident that my team will make the best of it designing and constructing world-class facilities which will be well-managed and will bring superior financial returns.
It is interesting to recall at this point that in the years leading up to the Asian financial crisis, the market accused us of being conservative. A renowned international institutional investor even called me lazy. I ignored them, believing that what we were doing was the only sensible thing. Apparently some had confused conservatism with common sense. Hindsight proved us correct as we were one of the very few (if not the only) property firms in Hong Kong to escape the blood bath. Our aggressiveness in buying land from 1999 to 2000 was never noticed since no one then at the depth of the crisis had the heart to follow the market. So in the minds of many, Hang Lung is still a conservative company.
That is until recently. Now the local press have dubbed us as the most aggressive in mainland China. Unlike the pre - 1997 characterization, this one I agree. One thread remains constant, however. Just as it was commonsensical to be conservative then, it is commonsensical to be aggressive now. Just as history has shown us to be right last time, I trust that in time, history will also judge us correct today. While the investment community has apparently made that determination as evidenced by our strong share price, I nevertheless would like to reserve judgement. We are still working hard to execute our plan.
Back in Hong Kong, it is likely that this year we will begin to sell completed residential flats in earnest. Sales of The HarbourSide units in the past two months have been encouraging but one learns never to make pronouncements about the Hong Kong market prematurely. Unless it heats up sufficiently, we will not be too keen to part with our products. The same is true with The Long Beach with 1,829 units all unsold. We are carefully watching both transacted prices and volume of neighboring projects.
I am much more certain about our leasing business. All properties in the portfolio those held directly by your Company and those through our subsidiary HLP should perform well. Shanghai will again be the bright spot but Hong Kong will also trade acceptably.
With the second apartment block at The Grand Gateway contributing for the first time a full year s profit, the bottom line can only be pleasing.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, I expect this year s underlying net profit to be satisfactory.
Ronnie C. Chan 
