Chairman’s Statement
Profit Attributable to Shareholders
The Group’s reported profit attributable to equity shareholders
for the year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to HK$21,916
million, representing an increase of HK$590 million or 3%
over HK$21,326 million for the previous year. Reported
earnings per share were HK$6.03 (2015: HK$5.87 as adjusted
for the bonus issue in 2016).
Excluding the fair value change (net of non-controlling
interests and tax) of investment properties and investment
properties under development, the Group’s Underlying
Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended
31 December 2016 was HK$14,169 million, representing
an increase of HK$3,160 million or 29% over HK$11,009
million for the previous year. Underlying Earnings Per Share
were HK$3.90 (2015: HK$3.03 as adjusted for the bonus
issue in 2016). Dividends
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of
HK$1.13 per share to shareholders whose names appear
on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday,
13 June 2017, and such final dividend will not be subject to
any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim
dividend of HK$0.42 per share already paid, the total
dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 will amount to
HK$1.55 per share (2015: HK$1.45 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash and is
expected to be distributed to shareholders on Wednesday,
21 June 2017.
Issue of Bonus Shares
The Board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share
for every ten shares held (2015: one bonus share for every
ten shares held) to shareholders whose names appear on
the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 13
June 2017. The relevant resolution will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon
the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such
new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be
posted on Wednesday, 21 June 2017.
Business Review
The Group’s Underlying Profit attributable to equity
shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2016 was up
by 29% to HK$14,169 million. Pre-tax profit contribution
from property sales (including the attributable contribution
from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by
0.2% to HK$3,987 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income
(including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries,
associates and joint ventures) increased by 3% to HK$6,481
million. Besides, there was a total net gain of HK$3,930
million arising from the disposal of various non-core
investment properties.
Hong Kong
Property Sale
Hong Kong’s property market has become active since the
second quarter of 2016. In response to the continuing price
increases, the Government in November 2016 raised the
ad valorem stamp duty on residential property transactions for
non first-time buyers to a flat rate of 15%. A new round of
demand-suppression measures by the Government, coupled
with a subsequent interest rate rise in the US, led to relatively
cautious overall market sentiment by the year end.
Development projects which were launched during the year,
including “Double Cove Summit” (Phase 5 of “Double
Cove”) in Ma On Shan, “Wellesley” in Mid-Levels, “Seven
Victory Avenue” in Ho Man Tin, as well as “Harbour Park”
and “Park One” in Cheung Sha Wan, drew encouraging
market responses. Meanwhile, “39 Conduit Road” in MidLevels,
“Double Cove” (Phases 1-4) in Ma On Shan, as well
as an array of urban redevelopment boutique residences under
“The H Collection” were re-launched and sold well. For the
year ended 31 December 2016, the Group sold an attributable
total amount of HK$10,082 million of Hong Kong residences.
During the year, the 156,000-square-foot office building
“Golden Centre” in Sheung Wan was sold en-bloc at the
consideration of HK$4,368 million. Together with the disposal
of other non-residential properties such as the industrial units
at “Global Gateway Tower” in Cheung Sha Wan, as well as the
shop units at “The Zutten” in Ma Tau Kok and “PARKER33”
in Shau Kei Wan, attributable proceeds arising from these
disposals totalled HK$4,811 million. Including the aforesaid
residential sales revenue, the Group sold HK$14,893 million
worth of Hong Kong properties in attributable terms during
the year under review, an increase of 30% as compared with
HK$11,472 million for the year before.After the end of the financial year under review, twelve shops
at “Fairview Height” in Mid-Levels, which were previously
held for leasing, were disposed of in January 2017 at a total
consideration of HK$515 million (subject to adjustment).
“Newton Place Hotel” in Kwun Tong and “Newton Inn” in
North Point were sold in February 2017 at about HK$2,248
million (subject to adjustment) and HK$1,000 million (subject
to adjustment) respectively. The Group also released “Eden
Manor” and “Mega Cube” for sale in March 2017 and market
responses were satisfactory.
Property Development
The Group has 39 urban redevelopment projects with 80%
to 100% of their ownerships acquired, representing about
3.8 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area.
The Group has made use of multiple channels to expand its
development land bank in Hong Kong. With the exception of
a few projects earmarked for rental purposes, there will be
abundant supply of saleable areas for the Group’s property
sales in the coming years with details shown as follows:
The Group has a total of 5 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion and the dates of their sales
launch are not yet fixed. As outlined below, they are expected to provide about 1.4 million square feet in attributable gross floor
area in the urban areas based on the Buildings Department’s approved plans or the Government’s latest town planning:
There are 17 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated. In the absence of unforeseen
delays, most of these projects are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2018-2019 and their expected attributable gross
floor areas, based on the Buildings Department’s approved plans or the Government’s latest town planning, are as follows:
There are 22 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with 80% or above ownership secured and their ownership will be
consolidated by proceeding to court for compulsory sale under the “Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance”.
In the event that no court order is granted, the Group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for
development. If legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are
expected to be available for sale in 2019-2021. On the basis of the Government’s latest town planning, the expected attributable
gross floor areas are shown as follows:
The Group has other acquisitions in progress, involving 30 projects located in prime urban areas in Hong Kong and Kowloon.
Currently, ownership ranging from more than 20% to less than 80% of each project has been achieved. The attributable land
areas of these projects total about 210,000 square feet. If and when their ownerships are successfully consolidated, based on
the Government’s latest town planning, the total estimated attributable gross floor area would be about 1,860,000 square feet
upon completion of redevelopment. Based on the respective ownership currently secured by the Group for each project, the total
pro-rata attributable gross floor area is about 800,000 square feet.
Successful acquisitions of the above projects bear uncertainty. The Group may not be able to consolidate ownerships of all
projects. Redevelopments can only be implemented upon acquisition of the full ownership of the relevant projects.Land Bank
The Group continues to replenish its land bank by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment and applying for landuse
conversion for its portfolio of New Territories land. This dual approach to land banking has proven to be a reliable source
of land supply with a lower acquisition cost, which is beneficial to the Group’s development returns in the long term. Such land
banking strategy is, in fact, a win-win move for all parties. By acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment, owners of
the dilapidated properties can upgrade to homes with much better living conditions, while the old districts will be revitalised
with a refreshing look. Meanwhile, land resources in the New Territories can be more efficiently used after land-use conversion,
offering the exquisite lifestyle and tranquil ambience that many people aspire after.
It is evident that the Group’s urban redevelopment projects, as well as development of New Territories land, will create benefits not only
for shareholders, but also for residents and tenants, as well as enhancing environmental conservation and community development.
The redevelopment project at 18 King Wah Road, North Point and “Double Cove” in Ma On Shan are manifest examples:
(1) The industrial site for the former “Asia Cold Storage” at 18 King Wah Road, North Point will be redeveloped into
a 330,000-square-foot Grade-A office building upon its scheduled completion in mid-2017. The land premium for
such land-use conversion was finalised with the Government in July 2016 at about HK$2,218.7 million. Including the
acquisition cost, the land cost per square foot of gross floor area was approximately HK$8,700. This office development
at 18 King Wah Road is hailed as a metropolitan landmark and has received many awards. It embodies not just
state-of-the-art facilities but also an environmentally sustainable design. The Group has meticulously planned this urban
waterfront project so as to offer sweeping Victoria Harbour views for its tenants, whilst certain space in this pricy site has
also been kept for a landscaped corridor, ensuring a free passage of sea breeze and natural light to the whole neighbourhood.
(2) As for the Group’s 59%-owned “Double Cove” in Ma On Shan, the entire project consists of 3,535 residential units
with a total gross floor area of about 2.95 million square feet. Pre-sale for its Phase 1 development was launched
in September 2012. By the end of December 2016, over 92% of its total residential units had been sold, generating
cumulative total sales revenue of HK$27,839 million. A penthouse unit, in terms of saleable area, was sold at an
average price of about HK$22,800 per square foot, a record high around that area. This project is a masterpiece of the
world-renowned master architect Lord Richard Rogers. Its development concept of “Living in a Park” embodies
eco-friendly buildings, landscaping design, nature conservation, art and other details. The project has thus won many
accolades, including the top honour of Grand Award Winner in the Hong Kong Residential (Multiple Buildings) Category
of the Quality Building Award 2016. Peers, academics and the government officials, after their site visits, have praised
the Group highly for transforming agricultural land into residential use while maintaining the scenic natural beauty of
the location to ensure a harmonious and sustainable outcome.
Land in Urban Areas
In addition to those already in the sales pipeline as mentioned,
there are currently 39 urban redevelopment projects of old
tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership
acquired, representing a total attributable gross floor area
of about 3.8 million square feet, which are expected to be
available for sale or leasing in 2018 or beyond. The total land
cost of such projects is estimated to be about HK$26,100
million (in spite of the inclusion of pricey street shops and
the project at the prestigious Seymour Road in Mid-Levels),
translating into a land cost of approximately HK$6,900 per
square foot of gross floor area.
During this financial year, the Group completed the acquisition
of the entire interests in six development projects (namely,
the projects at 4A-4P Seymour Road in Mid-Levels, 1-17
Chung Ching Street in Sheung Wan, 2A-2F Tak Shing Street
in Jordan, 464-466 Sai Yeung Choi Street North and 50-56
Wong Chuk Street in Sham Shui Po, 57-69 Ma Tau Wai Road,
2-20 Bailey Street and 18A-30 Sung Chi Street in To Kwa
Wan, as well as 74-74C Waterloo Road and 15-25 Yau Moon
Street in Ho Man Tin). The sites for various existing projects
at Whampoa Street, Gillies Avenue South and Bulkeley
Street, Hung Hom, were enlarged following the acquisition of
the adjacent buildings.
As aforesaid, the land premium for land-use conversion
regarding the industrial site at 18 King Wah Road, North Point
was agreed with the Government in July 2016. The land cost
(including the land premium) and estimated construction cost
per square foot of gross floor area are approximately HK$8,700
and HK$3,300 respectively. This office development will be
another valuable waterfront project in the Group’s sizeable
asset portfolio. In addition, the residential-cum-commercial
project at Yau Tong Bay is in the process of application for
land exchange.
New Territories land
At the end of December 2016, the Group held New Territories
land reserves amounting to approximately 44.8 million square
feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all
property developers in Hong Kong.
In July 2013, the Government announced the result of
the “North East New Territories New Development Areas
Planning and Engineering Study”, of which Kwu Tung
North and Fanling North would be treated as the extension
of Fanling/Sheung Shui New Town. The Government has
also decided to adopt an enhanced Conventional New Town
Approach and, subject to specified criteria, private land
owners are allowed to apply for in-situ land exchange for
private developments. Outline Zoning Plans for both Kwu
Tung North and Fanling North were already approved by the
Chief Executive-in-Council. Of the Group’s land holding of
2.4 million square feet in Fanling North New Development
Area, a total land area of roughly over 800,000 square feet
is assessed to be eligible for in-situ land exchange and the
Government may resume the other parts of its lands for
public use by payment of cash compensation. The Group has
previously applied for in-situ land exchange for two separate
land lots in Fanling North and Kwu Tung, which have just been
accepted by the Government for further review. The two sites
are expected to provide total developable gross floor areas of
approximately 600,000 square feet and 340,000 square feet
respectively, against their respective site areas of 172,000
square feet and 45,000 square feet. Applications in respect
of three other land lots in Fanling North, with respective site
areas of 228,000 square feet, 241,000 square feet and 240,000
square feet, were also submitted for in-situ land change. The
above four land lots in Fanling North are expected to provide
an aggregate commercial gross floor area of 440,000 square
feet and residential gross floor area of 3.64 million square feet
approximately. Developable areas for these sites are subject to
finalisation of land premium.
According to the aforementioned “North East New Territories
New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study”,
the region at Ping Che/Ta Kwu Ling will be re-planned
in response to the “2013 Policy Address” which proposed
an initiative to review the development potential of New
Territories North, including new opportunities brought about
by the new railway infrastructure. In January 2014, the
Government commenced its “Preliminary Feasibility Study
on Developing the New Territories North” on a study area of
about 5,300 hectares. In September 2014, the Government
announced the “Railway Development Strategy”, including
its long-term extension plan to further extend the railway line
to Kwu Tung and Ping Che. The Group has a land holding of
about 1.34 million square feet in Ping Che/Ta Kwu Ling which
is embodied in the Master Layout Plan of the original “North
East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and
Engineering Study”. In addition, the Group has about 1.09
million square feet of land in the adjacent areas, making a
total of about 2.43 million square feet in the region. In order to
increase land supply for housing, the Government formulated
the Preliminary Outline Development Plan for “Planning
and Engineering Study for Housing Sites in Yuen Long
South – Investigation” and launched its Stage 2 Community
Engagement. It also released the “Land Use Review for Kam
Tin South and Pat Heung”. The Group holds certain pieces of
land in these Study Areas.
As for “Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area Planning
and Engineering Study”, the Group holds a total land area of
approximately 6.35 million square feet in this location, which
covers an area of about 714 hectares. Under the Preliminary
Outline Development Plan, it was proposed to accommodate
a new town with a population of about 215,000 people and
60,000 additional flats, of which about 50% are private
developments. Impacts to the Group arising from these
proposals are to be assessed. The Group will continue to work
in line with the Government’s development policies and will
follow up closely on its development plans.
Besides, the development of houses cum wetland restoration
project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long has been approved by
the Town Planning Board. With a site area of approximately
2.23 million square feet, this project will comprise about
400 houses, providing a total residential floor area of
approximately 890,000 square feet. Negotiation of the land
premium is now under way and project implementation is
subject to the finalisation of the land premium amount with
the Government.
Following the first concluded arbitration case for a
commercial and residential development project at Yuen Long
Town Lot No. 527 under the Pilot Scheme for Arbitration on
Land Premium in late 2015, the Group agreed in principle to
proceed with arbitration for another case during the year under
review. However, the Group subsequently decided to accept
the land premium proposed by the Lands Department, hence
obviating the need for arbitration. The relevant project, being
at Yuen Long Town Lot No. 524 and having a site area of
48,933 square feet, will provide a total attributable residential
floor area of 135,324 square feet. The land premium amounted
to HK$298.38 million.
The Pilot Scheme for Arbitration on Land Premium was
introduced by the Government in October 2014 for a trial
period of two years, with an aim to facilitate early conclusion
of land premium negotiations and expedite land supply for
housing and other uses. The Government has extended
the Pilot Scheme for two more years to October 2018. The
Group will thus consider requesting for arbitration on its land
exchange or lease modification cases when necessary.
Investment Properties
During the year under review, the Group’s attributable gross
rental income in Hong Kong, including the attributable
contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures,
increased by 2% to HK$6,540 million. The attributable pretax
net rental income, including the attributable contribution
from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was
HK$5,132 million, representing a growth of 4% over the
previous year. Included therein is attributable gross rental
income of HK$1,918 million (2015: HK$1,865 million)
contributed from the Group’s attributable 40.77% interest in
The International Finance Centre (“ifc”) project. At the end of
December 2016, the leasing rate for the Group’s core rental
properties was 97%. Besides, the Group held about 9,000 car
parking bays, providing additional rental income.
As at 31 December 2016, the Group held a total attributable
gross floor area of approximately 8.8 million square feet of
completed investment properties in Hong Kong:According to the information released by The Census and
Statistics Department, the value of total retail sales in Hong
Kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with a year
earlier amid soft inbound tourist spending. However, all the
Group’s major shopping malls (except those under renovation
or realignment of tenant mix) were able to record nearly
full occupancy at the end of December 2016 with moderate
rental growth. This continuity was attributable to the Group’s
effective promotional activities and asset enhancement
initiatives. “Metro City Phase II” in Tseung Kwan O, for
instance, successfully fostered closer interaction between
shoppers and tenants after the launch of a customer loyalty
programme, whilst “KOLOUR • Tsuen Wan I” offered a fresh
and vibrant shopping experience to customers following
the completion of its reconfiguration. For the Group’s other
regional shopping malls such as “Shatin Centre” and “Fanling
Centre”, renovations are also in progress to further enhance
their competitiveness. An upcoming addition will be a
40,000-square foot retail mall beneath the residential project
“Eltanin • Square Mile”. Upon its scheduled opening by the
end of 2017, the mall will further expand the Group’s portfolio
of shopping arcade or retail space.
Benefitting from a combination of limited new supply and
sustained demand from mainland companies, the office
leasing market remained buoyant in Hong Kong. The Group’s
office premises are well diversified in both specifications and
locations, meeting the different needs of various businesses.
During the year under review, the Group’s premium office
buildings in the core areas, such as “ifc” in Central, “AIA
Tower” in North Point and “FWD Financial Centre” in
Sheung Wan, all performed well. Meanwhile, the Group’s
cluster of office and industrial/office premises in Kowloon
East, including “Manulife Financial Centre”, “AIA Financial
Centre”, “78 Hung To Road” and “Bamboos Centre”, also
recorded satisfactory rental reversions for most of the renewals
and new leases. Besides, a prime waterfront site at 18 King
Wah Road, North Point is being developed into a 25-storey
Grade-A office tower with a total gross floor area of about
330,000 square feet. Designed by the world-renowned Cesar
Pelli, it is poised to be another metropolitan landmark upon
its scheduled completion in mid-2017. Pre-leasing marketing
has been encouraging, with many multinational corporations
and mainland enterprises enquiring about the development.
Together with its neighbouring 510,000-square-foot “AIA
Tower” which is undergoing extensive facility upgrades, as
well as the impending redevelopment of “Newton Hotel Hong
Kong” into a 140,000-square-foot Grade-A office tower,
a business hub comprising about one million square feet of
premium office space will emerge in North Point, reinforcing
the Group’s leading position in that area. 
Hotel Operations
With the falling visitor arrivals in recent years, Hong Kong’s
hotel industry has been operating under difficult conditions. In
order to improve the yield of the Group’s assets, “Newton Hotel
Hong Kong” ceased operating in 2015 and is being redeveloped
into an office building. Furthermore, the Group’s remaining two
Newton hotels, namely, “Newton Place Hotel” in Kwun Tong
and “Newton Inn” in North Point, were sold in February 2017 at
about HK$2,248 million (subject to adjustment) and HK$1,000
million (subject to adjustment) respectively. Completion of the
disposal of “Newton Place Hotel” is expected to take place in
October 2017, whilst the completion of the disposal of “Newton
Inn” shall take place on the date falling on the expiry of two
months after all the conditions precedent are fulfilled (but no
later than 17 August 2017).
As the city’s hospitality leader, “The Four Seasons Hotel Hong
Kong” continued to perform well with satisfactory occupancy
and room rates. It was named by Forbes Travel Guide 2016 as
one of the finest 5-star Properties in the World, whilst its Lung
King Heen restaurant also received the top 3-star honour in
the Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2017.
The Group is committed to building excellence in all its property
developments. “Double Cove” achieved the top honour of
Grand Award Winner in the Hong Kong Residential (Multiple
Buildings) Category of the Quality Building Award 2016. This
biennial award is strictly accredited by a panel of judges drawn
from nine major professional organisations, making this industry
honour one of unrivalled credibility and prestige. Meanwhile,
the outstanding craftsmanship of the newly-completed urban
redevelopment projects, “The Hemispheres” and “High One”,
were highly applauded by Hong Kong Professional Building
Inspection Academy and local media organisations upon their
quality inspections. Besides, the Grade-A office development
at 18 King Wah Road, North Point also won the top Regional
Platinum Prize in the first Asia Pacific Intelligence Green
Building Alliance Award.
Teamwork and meticulous planning throughout the construction process contribute to the Group’s remarkable success. For
instance, energy-saving and green features recommended by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) and
Building Environmental Assessment Method (BEAM) Plus rating systems are adopted in the Group’s projects. In addition to
the use of self-developed pre-fabricated building components, the Group also self-contracted for the foundation piling works of
its development projects and participated in the manufacturing of glass curtain walls, with the aim to expedite the construction
process and minimise disruption to neighbourhoods. All these measures help improve quality and cost efficiency by reducing
construction waste and manpower. Furthermore, with a large number of projects under development, the Group has implemented
a series of measures, such as bulk purchases of building materials and outsourcing to more well-qualified sub-contractors, to
further reduce construction costs by economies of scale.
One of the Group’s utmost priorities is the site safety of its workforce. As a result of its focus on preparedness and training,
the Group’s construction accident rate is significantly lower than the industry average in Hong Kong. Numerous accolades,
including “The Considerate Contractors Site Award”, “Proactive Safety Award” and “Safety Merit Award”, were received
during the year under review in recognition of the Group’s unwavering commitment to site safety. 
Property Management
The Group’s property management companies, namely, Hang
Yick Properties Management Limited, Well Born Real Estate
Management Limited and Goodwill Management Limited,
manage in total over 80,000 apartments and industrial/
commercial units, 10 million square feet of shopping and
office space, as well as 20,000 car parking spaces in Hong
Kong and mainland China.
The Group places emphasis on property management and
customer services for all of its property developments.
The property management subsidiaries strive to provide
comfortable and hassle-free living for residents and tenants
through comprehensive customer support, including cleaning
and security services as well as an array of value-added services
such as landscaping and other home convenience assistance.
The Group’s commitment to service excellence has also been
extended to its property developments in mainland China.
“Hengbao Huating” in Guangzhou received the designation
as “Leading Enterprise for Maintaining Stability and Social
Order in Duobao District 2015”, in addition to winning the
accolade of “Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing
Contract and Valuing Credit” for four consecutive years.
In keeping with the Group’s commitment on “HOME.
WHERE LOVE RESIDES.”, these property management
subsidiaries are always on the frontline to offer care to the
public at large, with the intention of creating a better living
environment for the people in Hong Kong. Following the
success of the preceding “Year of Senior”, the Property
Management team launched “The Year of Youth” so as to
raise public awareness of the holistic development of the next
generation. Their volunteer team won the “Highest Service
Hour Award” championship in December 2016, setting a new
record by achieving this top honour for the eleventh year.
Mainland China
In the first half of 2016, “destocking” was the main theme in
the real estate sector and the Central Government promulgated
a series of relaxation policies, such as the lowering of downpayment
proportion, alleviation of tax charges as well as
easing of credit. Certain cities also rolled out stimulus
measures, in accordance with their own conditions, to tackle
excessive stock. Boosted by an easing monetary condition
and competitive bids in land auctions, housing prices in the
popular cities surged rapidly. In the latter half of the year,
the adoption of differentiated policies became more evident.
On the one hand, control measures such as restrictions
on property purchases and lending were implemented in
popular cities along with other regulatory measures to again
curb speculative demand from investors. On the other hand,
“destocking” strategies persisted in the third or fourth-tier
cities, improving the market condition from both demand and
supply perspectives.
Property Sales
As the property market regained momentum, the Group during
the year achieved attributable contracted sales of development
properties of approximately HK$8,472 million in value and
7.9 million square feet in attributable gross floor area, representing
a year-on-year increase of 16% and 8% respectively. “Riverside
Park” and “Henderson • CIFI City” in Suzhou, “The Arch of
Triumph” in Changsha, “Amber Garden” and “Henderson • CIFI
Centre” in Shanghai, “Emerald Valley” in Nanjing, “Grand
Lakeview” in Yixing, as well as “La Botanica” in Xian were the
major revenue contributors. 
In order to improve its performance from property development, the Group enhanced its co-operation with mainland property
developers so that it could contribute its experience in property development, brand recognition and financial know-how, whilst
mainland developers could expedite the development progress with lower construction costs. During the year under review,
the Group stepped up its co-operation with CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. (“CIFI”) and pursuant to the agreements signed in
September and December 2016, CIFI will participate in the development of the Group’s existing projects located in Suzhou,
Yixing and Changsha. At 31 December 2016, the Group had approximately 3.7 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed
property stock. The Group also held a development land bank in 14 cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about
91.0 million square feet, of which around 75% were planned for residential development.
Investment Properties
The Group actively targets prime commercial sites designated
for office usage in particular with good development potential
in the core areas of major cities with the intention for them
to be added to its rental portfolio for the purpose of longterm
investment. In January 2017, the Group replenished
its core rental property land bank and acquired an office/
commercial site in the southern extension of Huangpu River,
Xuhui District, Shanghai. With a total developable area
of approximately 960,000 square feet, it is planned to be
developed into an office tower with a gross floor area of about
860,000 square feet, plus commercial space with a gross floor
area of about 100,000 square feet. Together with an adjacent
land lot acquired in July 2015, this will become a large-scale
integrated development.
The Group decided to dispose of certain non-core investment
properties, particularly those projects completed earlier with
certain portions already sold. By the end of 2016, the Group
entered into an agreement for the disposal of certain non-core
properties, namely the “Henderson Centre” shopping mall and
its car parking spaces in Beijing, at about HK$3,261 million
(subject to adjustment). The disposal was completed in
February 2017. After the disposal of the “Henderson Centre”
shopping mall and its car parking spaces in Beijing, the Group
had at the end of December 2016 about 6.4 million square feet
of completed investment properties in mainland China. Despite
the 6% year-on-year depreciation of the Renminbi against the
Hong Kong Dollar, the Group’s attributable gross rental income
dropped by 3% to HK$1,700 million, whilst its attributable pretax
net rental income decreased by 0.3% to HK$1,349 million
during the year under review.
In Beijing, “World Financial Centre’’ is an international
Grade-A office complex in the Chaoyang Commercial Business
District and its leasing rate was 96% by the year end of 2016,
with many leading multinational corporations and financial
institutions such as Marubeni (China), CITIC Financial Leasing
and State Street Bank newly committed as its tenants. In Shanghai, “Henderson Metropolitan” atop Nanjing Road
East subway station won the “Excellent Property Management
Showcase” award during the year under review. Its shopping
mall, which was over 98% let at the end of December 2016,
is planning to house more sports retailers and gourmet
restaurants so as to enrich the shopping experience for its
customers and boost business turnover for its retail tenants.
The office tower of “Henderson 688” at Nanjing Road West
also performed well with its leasing rate at 98% at the end
of December 2016. “2 Grand Gateway’’ atop the Xujiahui
subway station was over 90% let at the year end of 2016.
“Greentech Tower” and “Centro” near Shanghai Railway
Station performed satisfactorily and their leasing rates were
98% and 97% respectively at the year end of 2016. 
In Guangzhou, “Hengbao Plaza” atop the Changshou
Road subway station is the retail hotspot in town, boasting
a wide array of fashion boutiques and dining outlets. The
renowned fashion brand “Uniqlo” opened for business in the
second quarter of 2016, whilst “MaxValu”, the supermarket
subsidiary of AEON Company Limited of Japan, is also set
to open in 2017. The Group will continue to bring in leading
brands and realign the tenant mix so as to further reinforce the
market position of this mall.
With its properties in many major cities on the mainland,
the Group is considered by many retailers as the preferred
partner for launching nationwide promotional programmes.
For instance, “Wooderful life”, a famous music box maker
from Taiwan, opened pop-up stores in “World Financial
Centre” in Beijing, “Hengbao Plaza” in Guangzhou, as well as
“Henderson Metropolitan” in Shanghai, selling its exclusive
music boxes and launching various workshops during the
year under review. This promotional campaign received
overwhelming responses, followed by extensive publicity
from the media.
The Group is committed to optimising its mainland rental
portfolio in future. The “Xu Hui Riverside Project” in
Shanghai, which was acquired in July 2015, will be developed
as a landmark comprising a Grade-A office building with an
aggregate gross floor area of approximately 1,800,000 square
feet and a shopping mall with an aggregate gross floor area
of approximately 200,000 square feet. Together with its
neighbouring office/commercial site, which was purchased in
January 2017 with a total developable area of approximately
960,000 square feet, this large-scale investment property
will become a bright spot in Xu Hui Riverside Development
Area upon completion. In the Yuexiu District of Guangzhou,
“Haizhu Square Station Project” will be another iconic
integrated development, sitting on the banks of the Pearl
River with a future direct connection to two subway lines.
Construction of this development has already commenced. It
will boast two office towers with gross floor areas totalling
900,000 square feet and a shopping mall with a gross floor
area of about 800,000 square feet.
Henderson Investment Limited (“HIL”)
HIL’s profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year
ended 31 December 2016 amounted to HK$100 million.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year,
which included a one-off gain of HK$355 million arising from
the final arbitral award in relation to the toll fee collection
right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, was HK$449
million. Excluding the financial effects of this one-off item,
the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for
the previous year amounted to HK$94 million. HIL’s profit
attributable to equity shareholders of HK$100 million for
the year ended 31 December 2016 represented an increase of
HK$6 million, or 6%, over the adjusted profit attributable to
equity shareholders for the previous year.
HIL operates a department store business under the name
of “Citistore” in six densely-populated residential districts
(namely, Tsuen Wan, Yuen Long, Ma On Shan, Tseung Kwan O,
Tai Kok Tsui and Tuen Mun). The stores aim to provide
customers with “one-stop” shopping convenience through a
vast selection of merchandise at reasonable and competitive
prices. In order to provide customers with a better and more
comfortable shopping experience, in January 2017 the Ma On
Shan Citistore was relocated to operate at another spot in the
same shopping mall.
HIL launched various initiatives to raise the attractiveness of
its department stores, as well as the market awareness of the
Citistore brand. For instance, “CITIZEN’S EDIT”, a fashion
concept store and “CTBeatZ”, a cultural and creative platform,
were both introduced in its Ma On Shan store, offering a fresh
shopping experience to customers. By sourcing branded
apparel from around the world, “CITIZEN’S EDIT” satisfied
the needs of young, style-savvy urbanites with limited editions
of signature items. “CTBeatZ” organised various creative
events and workshops (ranging from wine tasting to food and
handicrafts production) thereby enriching their customers’
product knowledge and lifestyle experience. In addition,
Citistore continued to leverage the power of social media
platforms (such as Facebook and Instagram) to showcase and
promote its products and brands, whilst an online shopping
platform, “oncitinet”, was also unveiled in April 2016 so as
to expand the brand’s market coverage and provide greater
flexibility for its shoppers through diversified consumption
channels. 
Affected by the declining inbound tourist spending and
dwindling local consumer sentiment, the value of total retail
sales in Hong Kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with
a year earlier. Nevertheless, by offering affordable household
necessities, “Citistore” recorded only a slight year-on-year
decrease of 0.7% in total sales proceeds (which were derived
from the sales of own goods, as well as from concessionaire
and consignment sales) compared with the previous year.
During the year under review, Citistore’s sales of own goods
decreased by 2% to HK$434 million with the gross margin
slightly lowered from 36% to 35% due to intensified price
competition in the retail market. The Household & Toys
category contributed approximately 52% of the total revenue
from sales of goods, the Apparels category contributed
approximately 33% and the balance of approximately 15%
came from the categories of Food and Cosmetics.
Citistore’s concessionaire sales are conducted by licensing
portions of shop spaces to its concessionaires to use for
their own counters to sell their products, whilst consignment
sales comprise the sales of consignors’ own products on or
in designated shelves, areas or spaces. Citistore charges these
concessionaire and consignment counters on the basis of
revenue sharing or basic rent (if any), whichever is higher, as
its rental income. During the year under review, the total rental
income derived from these concessionaire and consignment
counters remained stable at HK$430 million, despite a slight decrease of 0.3% to HK$1,446 million in the total sales
proceeds generated from these counters.
In view of a decline in aggregate sales proceeds, Citistore
maintained its business performance by strengthening its
controls over all expenditure. As a result, Citistore recorded a
decrease in its total operating expenses even after taking into
account the Ma On Shan premises relocation expenses during
the year under review. The after-tax profit contribution only
decreased by HK$6 million, or 6% to HK$97 million.
Overall, after taking into account the interest income generated
from the cash proceeds regarding the compensation payment
received in 2015 and the overheads of its head office, HIL’s
profit attributable to equity shareholders from continuing
operation for the year under review amounted to HK$100
million, representing an increase of HK$6 million or 6% over
that of HK$94 million (after excluding the above-mentioned
one-off gain) for the previous year.
Looking ahead, competition among retailers is expected
to intensify in Hong Kong. Following the recent successful
launch of “CITIZEN’S EDIT” and “CTBeatZ”, HIL will
roll out more initiatives to improve the overall shopping
environment of its stores and offer more quality products to its
customers so as to meet their discerning needs. HIL will also
continue to step up its promotional efforts and cost controls,
thereby enabling the sustainable business growth of Citistore. 
Associated Companies
The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited
(“Hong Kong and China Gas”)
Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong
and China Gas for the year increased by 0.53% to HK$7,341
million, an increase of HK$39 million compared to 2015.
During the year under review, this group invested HK$6,257
million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other
fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various
existing and new businesses in Hong Kong and mainland
China.
Town Gas Business in Hong Kong
Compared to 2015, total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for
2016 increased by 1.4% to 28,814 million MJ while appliance
sales revenue increased by 24.9% to HK$1,634 million with
a total of 275,361 sets sold, mainly benefitting from newly
completed residential projects. As at the end of 2016, the
number of customers was 1,859,414, an increase of 20,153
compared to 2015, slightly up by 1.1%.
Utility Businesses in Mainland China
As at the end of 2016, Hong Kong and China Gas held
approximately 64.12% of the total issued shares of Towngas
China Company Limited (“Towngas China”; stock code:
1083). Towngas China recorded good growth in profit after
taxation attributable to its shareholders, amounting to HK$974
million in 2016, an increase of approximately 21% over 2015.
Towngas China added two new distributed energy projects to
its portfolio in 2016, one based in Sichuan province, and the
other known as Towngas China Energy Investment (Shenzhen)
Limited. During 2016, Moody’s Investors Service maintained
its issuer credit rating on Towngas China as “Baa1” with a
“stable” outlook. Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services also
upheld their “BBB+” long-term corporate credit rating and
“cnA+” long-term Greater China regional scale credit rating
on Towngas China with a “stable” outlook.
As at the end of 2016, inclusive of Towngas China, Hong
Kong and China Gas had a total of 131 city-gas projects in
mainland cities spread across 23 provinces, autonomous
regions and municipalities. The total volume of gas sales 
for these projects in 2016 was approximately 17,140 million
cubic metres, an increase of 10.3% over 2015. As at the end
of 2016, Hong Kong and China Gas’s mainland gas customers
stood at approximately 23.1 million, an increase of 11%
over 2015.
Anhui Province Natural Gas Development Co. Ltd., an
associated company of Hong Kong and China Gas, was
listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 10 January 2017.
As a large-scale integrated operator, its core business is the
construction and operation of long-haul natural gas pipelines in
Anhui province, alongside a downstream distribution business.
Construction of this group’s natural gas storage facility in
underground salt caverns in Jintan district, Changzhou city,
Jiangsu province, is in progress. Upon completion, this facility
will be the first of its kind developed by a city-gas enterprise
on the mainland. Total storage capacity will be approximately
460 million standard cubic metres. Completion of phase one
of this project, with a storage capacity of 150 million standard
cubic metres, is expected during the second quarter of 2017.
Hong Kong and China Gas’s development of natural gas
vehicular refilling stations in mainland China, under the brand
name “Towngas”, is progressing well with 109 stations now
spread across different provinces to date. Apart from this,
this group is also proactively developing refilling projects for
marine vessels and is currently investing in a joint venture
project, with six refilling sites, for barges along the Yangtze
River in Jiangsu province. This is the country’s first, and
largest project in terms of number of refilling sites, along
this river. In September 2013, the joint venture constructed
and put into service the country’s first floating LNG refilling
station barge.
Hong Kong and China Gas has entered into the mainland
water market under the brand name “Hua Yan Water” for
over 11 years and currently invests in, and operates, six water
projects. These include water supply joint venture projects in
Wujiang district, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu
city, Anhui province; wholly-owned water supply projects in
Zhengpugang Xin Qu, Maanshan city and in Jiangbei Xin
Qu, Wuhu city, both in Anhui province; and an integrated
water supply and wastewater treatment joint venture project, 
together with an integrated wastewater treatment joint venture
project for a special industry, both in Suzhou Industrial Park,
Suzhou city, Jiangsu province. In addition, this group is
constructing a plant in Suzhou Industrial Park to handle 500
tonnes of food waste, green waste and landfill leachate daily
for conversion into natural gas, oil products, solid fuel and
fertilizers, under the “Hua Yan Water” brand; commissioning
is expected in the third quarter of 2018 and will be its first
project converting waste into high-value products.
Emerging Environmentally-Friendly Energy
Businesses
Hong Kong and China Gas’s development of emerging
environmentally-friendly energy businesses in mainland China,
through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental
Investments Limited and the latter’s subsidiaries (collectively
known as “ECO”), is progressing steadily.
ECO’s major businesses in Hong Kong – an aviation fuel
facility, dedicated liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) vehicular
refilling stations and landfill gas utilisation projects –
all operated smoothly in 2016. With a total turnover of
approximately 6.2 million tonnes in 2016, ECO’s aviation
fuel facility contributed to ECO’s steady profit growth.
ECO’s LPG vehicular refilling station business had a steady
operation and satisfactory profit in 2016. ECO’s landfill gas
project in the North East New Territories, after operating for 
several years, has been generating noticeable environmental
benefits. ECO’s development of a South East New Territories
landfill gas utilisation project is also progressing smoothly,
with commissioning expected to start in the first half of 2017.
With international oil prices creeping low during most of
2016, annual output of ECO’s oilfield project in Thailand fell
to 1.37 million barrels, causing a significant impact on profit.
ECO’s networks of natural gas refilling stations are gradually
taking shape in provinces and autonomous regions including
Shaanxi, Inner Mongolia, Ningxia, Shandong, Shanxi,
Jiangsu, Henan and Liaoning. All in all, ECO currently has
62 refilling stations in operation, under construction or at the
planning stage.
The plant located in Zhangjiagang city, Jiangsu province can
upgrade approximately 220,000 tonnes of palm acid oil, a lowquality
inedible bio-oil, into high-value oleic acids and other
chemical products each year. Construction is expected to be
completed and ready for trial production by the third quarter
of 2017. In addition, construction of a project in Xuzhou
city, Jiangsu province to produce LNG by methanation of
coke oven gas has been largely completed; trial production is
expected to commence in the first half of 2017.
ECO’s research and development team has successfully
developed a world leading approach on pyrolysis and
hydrolysis technologies, which can convert agricultural
and forestry waste into high-value syngas and green block
chemicals, such as furfural and levulinic acid. To this end,
ECO has launched a pilot project in Hebei province with trial
production expected to start in the second half of 2017.
ECO’s coal chemical project in Ordos city, Inner Mongolia
Autonomous Region, operated smoothly during 2016 yielding
over 310,000 tonnes of methanol. Works to upgrade and
optimise the facility to convert methanol into natural gasoline
are progressing as planned. Additionally, ECO has launched
a new project to convert 40% of the coal-based syngas into
120,000 tonnes of higher-valued ethylene glycol, with trial
production targeted to start before the end of 2017.
Overall, inclusive of projects of Towngas China, Hong Kong
and China Gas had 241 projects on the mainland, as at the
end of 2016, 19 more than at the end of 2015, spread across
26 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. These
projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream
natural gas sectors, water sectors, efficient energy applications
and exploration and utilisation of emerging environmentallyfriendly
energy, as well as telecommunications.
Financing Programmes
Hong Kong and China Gas established a medium term note
programme in 2009. Medium term notes totalling HK$1,328
million, with maturity ranging from 10 to 12 years, were
issued during 2016. At 31 December 2016, the amount of
medium term notes issued had reached HK$11,900 million
with tenors ranging from 10 to 40 years, with an average fixed
interest rate of 3.6% and an average tenor of 15.5 years.
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited
(“Hong Kong Ferry”)
Hong Kong Ferry’s consolidated profit after taxation for the
year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to approximately
HK$237 million, an increase of 23% as compared with the
profit after taxation of HK$193 million last year. During the year
under review, its profit was mainly derived from the sale of the
residential units of Metro6, Green Code and Shining Heights.
During 2016, the profit of Hong Kong Ferry from the sale
of Metro6, Green Code and Shining Heights amounted to
HK$129 million. The numbers of unsold units of Metro6 and
Green Code were 6 and 7 respectively at the year end. The
sale of Harbour Park was satisfactory and 145 units were sold
during the year, representing 90% of the total number of units.
The gross rental income from the commercial arcades of Hong
Kong Ferry amounted to approximately HK$89 million. As at
the end of 2016, the occupancy rate of commercial podium
of Metro6 was 97% and the commercial arcades of Shining
Heights and The Spectacle were fully let. The occupancy rate
of commercial arcades of Metro Harbour View was 98%. The
committed tenancy of Green Code Plaza was 84%.
Hong Kong Ferry through its 50%/50% joint venture with
Empire Group Holdings Limited owned by Dr Walter Kwok
Ping Sheung successfully acquired the land for residential use
at Tuen Mun Town Lot No. 547 located at Castle Peak Road,
Castle Peak Bay, Area 48, Tuen Mun, New Territories, for
HK$2,708.8 million in August last year. It faces Gold Coast
at the front and Harrow International School Hong Kong at
the back. The land is of a site area of 165,766 square feet and
a gross floor area of approximately 663,000 square feet. The
accommodation value of approximately HK$4,100 per square
foot is relatively low as compared with the subsequent tender
of land in the vicinity. The preliminary design and preparation
works of the project are in progress to build approximately
1,800 condominiums by phases in six years.
During the year under review, the Ferry, Shipyard and Related
Operations recorded a profit of HK$14 million, similar to that
of last year.
During the year under review, the Travel Operation recorded
a loss of HK$7.9 million. But Hong Kong Ferry recorded a
one-off profit of HK$4.6 million upon disposal of the Travel
Operation to Miramar Travel Limited in October 2016.
During the year, a loss of HK$7 million in Securities
Investment was recorded mainly due to the impairment loss
on securities investment in excess of the income from and
disposal gain of securities.
The proceeds from the sale of the remaining units of Metro6
and Green Code will be the main source of income of Hong
Kong Ferry in 2017.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited
(“Miramar”)
Miramar’s revenue for the financial year ended 31 December
2016 amounted to HK$3,118 million, representing a slight
decrease of 4% compared to HK$3,251 million for the last
financial year. Miramar’s investment property portfolio
recorded a net increase in fair value of HK$723 million to
stand at HK$13,402 million, representing an increase of 6% as
compared to that in 2015. Benefitting from a net increase in the
fair value of its investment properties, the profit attributable to
shareholders increased by 4% year-on-year to approximately
HK$1,277 million. Excluding the effects of one-off gain of
the sale of No.6 Knutsford Terrace and the net increase in the
fair value of its investment properties, the underlying profit
attributable to shareholders decreased by 4% to approximately
HK$580 million.
Miramar’s hotels and serviced apartments recorded a revenue
of HK$638 million, and EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax,
depreciation and amortisation) amounted to HK$228 million,
representing a decline of approximately 5%. The Mira Hong
Kong and Mira Moon, which are both members of the Design
Hotels™ network, participated in the Starwood Preferred
Guest® (SPG®) programme, a world-renowned hotel and resort
programme. This has successfully expanded their global reach
and enriched their customer bases with overseas business and
high-end customers. It has also increased the renown of this
group’s hotels in the international market, which helped enhance
its customer mix and elevated overall business performance.
For the 492-room The Mira Hong Kong, its average occupancy
and room rates slightly dropped in 2016. The management
proactively review its operational processes to reduce overlapping
procedures and streamline its manpower deployment, which
successfully reduced its manpower costs by 3%. For the 91-room
Mira Moon, its average occupancy and room rates remained
stable in 2016 compared to the previous year, while its food
and beverage business achieved satisfactory growth. Located in the Gubei residential area of the Hongqiao district in Shanghai,
Miramar Apartment’s operations remained satisfactory. During
the year, other than those units undergoing refurnishing and
tenant changes, the apartments were continually fully occupied.
Miramar’s property rental business remained solid in 2016,
with a revenue of HK$829 million and an EBITDA of HK$724
million, which were largely flat compared to the previous year.
Miramar Tower and Miramar Shopping Centre are its key rental
properties with a total of 1,000,000 square feet of floor area.
The Mira Hong Kong, its flagship hotel, sits adjacent to these
properties and provides excellent conference venues.
Miramar Tower is an 18-storey, Grade-A office building with a
floor area of approximately 38,000 square feet per floor. During
the year, it successfully attracted more semi-retail tenants, which
now account for over 20% of the office space. Both the per-squarefoot
rent and occupancy rates for Miramar Shopping Centre,
which is a 500,000-square-foot shopping hub, have remained
at levels similar to last year. Mira Mall features 4 storeys of
retail spaces. During the year, several promotional events aimed
at drawing crowds were launched, including the Kirin Ichiban
Summer Feast and Hong Kong’s first-ever shopping mall
music festival, which incorporated live music performances
and an original handcraft fair; these helped heat up the mall’s
feverish summer atmosphere. An interactive Christmas game
also brought a special Scandinavian ambiance to the shopping
mall during the Christmas shopping season. Thanks to these
promotional events, its retail spaces saw a rise of 8% in their
average yearly pedestrian traffic, which boosted tenants’ sales
revenue. In 2017, Miramar will continue to integrate Miramar
Shopping Centre and Mira Mall, affording customers a more
comprehensive shopping and leisure experience.
Miramar recorded a revenue of HK$448 million from its food
and beverage business, approximately the same as last year,
with EBITDA declined to HK$42 million. For its restaurants,
customer visits decreased slightly, while consumption per capita
remained steady. Its Chinese restaurants like Cuisine Cuisine and
Tsui Hang Village showed remarkable performance. Miramar
also launched traditional delicacies in 2016, such as glutinous
rice cakes and moon cakes, which were adored by customers.
Impeded by Hong Kong’s slowing economy, its travel business
showed unsatisfactory performance in the first half of the year.
However, the second half saw a turnaround. The revenue was
HK$1,198 million for the whole year. The EBITDA declined to
HK$30 million. Miramar completed the acquisition of HYFCO
Travel Agency Limited in 2016, which brought in a revenue of
HK$23 million.
Corporate Finance
The Group has always adhered to prudent financial management
principles. At 31 December 2016, net debt (including the
shareholder’s loan totalling HK$316 million (31 December 2015:
HK$1,185 million)) amounted to HK$33,434 million
(31 December 2015: HK$40,317 million) giving rise to a
financial gearing ratio of 12.7% (31 December 2015: 16.0%).
During the financial year, substantial increase in cash inflow was
recorded resulting from sales and pre-sales of development projects
as well as en-bloc sale of a sizeable investment property of the
Group. The Group repaid a HK$10,000 million five-year syndicated
term loan/revolving credit facility and also medium term notes of
four-year and five-year for an aggregate amount of S$400 million.
Furthermore, since the beginning of 2017, the Group has repaid
the five-year unrated public bonds for a total amount of US$700
million. A HK$6,900 million four-year syndicated term loan/
revolving credit facility was also fully prepaid as the Group
increased more bi-lateral revolving credit banking facilities.
In light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing
measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past
years, the Group has concluded interest rate swap contracts for certain
medium and long-term periods. Such contracts were entered into for
the purpose of converting part of the Group’s borrowings from floating
interest rates into fixed interest rates. It is considered that such a treasury
management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.
Prospects
The global economy is now fraught with many uncertainties.
These include the impacts on global trade and interest rate
movement brought about by the future policies of the new
president of the United States, as well as the prospects of the
United Kingdom after Brexit. Hong Kong, however, is set to
draw persistent liquidity flow into the territory on the back of
its position as a comprehensive international financial centre
and its relatively stable currency. This, coupled with the solid
housing demand from local residents, should hopefully lend
support to Hong Kong’s property market.
As regards “property sales”, following the recent successful
launch of “Eden Manor” and “Mega Cube”, the Group plans to
embark on sales launches of four residential projects and two
commercial/office developments in this financial year. Together
with the unsold stocks, a total of about 2,600 residential units
and 600,000 square feet of quality commercial/office space
in Hong Kong will be available for sale in 2017. Meanwhile,
there are currently 39 urban redevelopment projects with 80%
to 100% of their ownership acquired, representing about 3.8
million square feet in total attributable gross floor area, which
are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2018 or
beyond. The Group also has a reserve of New Territories land
of about 44.8 million square feet, the largest holding among
all property developers in Hong Kong. The Group’s efforts to
replenish its land bank on all fronts in the past has yielded a
good harvest and it has now managed to secure a stable supply
of land for property development over the long term, allowing
the sustainable growth of its property sales business.
Turning to mainland China, it is anticipated that the two basic
principles of “destocking” and “facilitating the sustainable
and healthy development of the property market” will remain
unchanged in 2017. Notwithstanding that the market regulatory
measures targeting the first and second tier popular cities will
persist, the property markets of these cities will show a steady
development in light of limited new housing supply. The Group
will continue to look for development projects in the first-tier
cities, as well as those second-tier cities with high growth
potential, so as to expand its land bank. Co-operation with local
property developers will also be enhanced so as to propel the
Group’s business development.
Following the completion of the disposal of “Golden Centre”
at HK$4,368 million in December 2016, a number of other non-core investment properties and hotels (including the
shopping mall and car parking spaces at “Henderson Centre” in
Beijing, as well as the shops at “Fairview Height” in Mid-Levels
and two hotel properties, namely, “Newton Place Hotel” in
Kwun Tong and “Newton Inn” in North Point, all in Hong
Kong) were sold successively in recent months. Total proceeds
of about HK$7,024 million arising from such disposals are
expected to be recognised in the accounts in 2017.
As regards “rental business”, the Group’s aggregate gross
rental income (including the attributable contribution from
subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) amounted to
HK$8,240 million during the year under review. Many sizeable
rental properties are now under development in both Hong Kong
and mainland China. In Hong Kong, the scheduled completion
of the office development at 18 King Wah Road, North Point
and the shopping mall at “Eltanin • Square Mile” in 2017 will
expand the Group’s rental portfolio by about 370,000 square
feet to about 9.2 million square feet in attributable gross floor
area. Other rental properties under development (including
the commercial project at Middle Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, and
the redevelopment projects at Electric Road, North Point and
Johnston Road, Wanchai) are progressing well.
In mainland China, the Group at the end of December 2016 had about
6.4 million square feet of completed investment properties, whilst an
office/commercial site with a total developable area of about 960,000
square feet in the southern extension of Huangpu River, Xuhui
District, Shanghai was acquired in January 2017. Together with the
adjacent site acquired earlier, there will be a large-scale integrated
development with a total gross floor area of about 3,000,000 square
feet. Another sizeable rental property, namely Haizhu Square Station
Project in Guangzhou, is also under development.
With a continually expanding rental portfolio in both Hong
Kong and mainland China, the Group’s recurrent rental income
will continue to grow further.
The “associates”, namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, Miramar
and Hong Kong Ferry, serve as another stable recurrent income
stream to the Group. As Hong Kong’s first public utility
company, Hong Kong and China Gas has developed into a
multi-business corporation comprising 241 projects in 26
provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities in mainland
China. With a total of nearly 25 million piped-gas customers in
Hong Kong and mainland China, as well as its expanding scope
of businesses, its contributions to the Group are promising.
Over many years, the Group has been “sowing” by way of
acquisition of a massive land bank in the New Territories and
various old tenement buildings for redevelopment. Thus, the
Group has built up an extensive land bank in Hong Kong for
steady property development over the long term. The continually
expanding rental portfolio and the investments in associated
companies provide the Group with steady recurrent income
streams. The Group has entered into a “harvesting phase”,
having built a sizeable and valuable asset portfolio and a solid
foundation for future growth. “Double Cove” in Ma On Shan,
boutique apartments under the “H Collection” series such as
“Eltanin • Square Mile” in West Kowloon, as well as the urban
redevelopment project at King Wah Road, North Point, are
manifest examples of the fruitful returns.
Recently, land costs in Hong Kong have risen sharply amid
intensifying competition. However, the Group has accumulated
a sufficient land bank to support its property development for
the years to come. With its sizeable assets, ample financial
resources, as well as a shrewd and seasoned management team,
the Group is well placed to capture opportunities to reach new
heights and to create better results for the shareholders. Barring
unforeseen circumstances, the Group’s results in 2017 will have
satisfactory performance.
Appreciation
Mr Lee King Yue and Dr Chung Shui Ming, Timpson, stepped
down from their respective positions of Executive Director
and Independent Non-executive Director of the Company
on 2 June 2016. I would like to express my gratitude to
Mr Lee King Yue and Dr Chung Shui Ming, Timpson for their
support, devotion and invaluable contribution to the Company
during their tenure of office, and in particular to Mr Lee King
Yue’s long services to the Board for 40 years. I would also
like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation to my
fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our
staff for their commitment and hard work throughout the year.
Lee Shau Kee
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017