CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS RESULTS AND DIVIDEND As previously advised, we changed our financial period end date from June 30 to December 31. To facilitate a more meaningful comparison of performance between 2012 and 2011, we requested KPMG to audit historic results for the entire twelve-month period of 2011. On a like-for-like basis, turnover grew 27% to HK$7,986 million for the year ended December 31, 2012 over the year before, and net profit attributable to shareholders and earnings per share both grew 64% to HK$5,262 million and HK$3.90, respectively.
When excluding all the effects of revaluation gain, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders surged 83% to HK$3,564 million. Underlying earnings per share likewise advanced 83% to HK$2.64.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.60 per share. Including the interim dividend already paid, total dividends per share for the year ended December 31, 2012 would be HK$0.79. For the six-month period from July 1 to December 31, 2011, we paid HK$0.38 per share.

Because of the inexcusable failure of the Hong Kong government to sell land in 2005-2010, our residential market is totally distorted. Coupled with the Asian Financial Crisis in 1997-2002, SARS of 2003 and its aftermath in 2004, our city has had a deficit of land supply for about a decade. Equally devastating as not selling land was the negligence to build up a government land bank for longer term needs. Such a stock is necessary to serve as a buffer when property prices become too high. Prolonged years of under supply finally exploded in the past two years. Even so, the then government did pitifully little to address the issue.
As I predicted six months ago when our city s new Chief Executive first took office, proper steps would be taken to remedy the situation for both the short and the long terms.
Indeed it came to pass. However, a decade-long problem cannot be fully resolved in a few short months, especially when it comes to real estate which is a long-dated asset.
Buildable land cannot be had within a short period of time, and even if we have it, constructing residential units will take many years. Given the circumstances, I believe the present government is doing all it can. Desirable effects will unlikely be seen for perhaps a year or so.
Some commentators not understanding market dynamics have said that all the measures proposed or taken will not solve the immediate problem. That may be true, but I do not believe that there exists any short term solution which will not induce longer term and serious negative consequences.
If adopted, such quick-fixes will inevitably leave the city in a worse condition. Take an extreme case: the government can use administrative measures to prohibit residential transactions or cause the banks to stop making mortgages.
Prices will quickly fall, but is that a solution for society? 
My question to those critics of the government is: what do you propose? So far I have not heard of constructive suggestions that would work reasonably well. It is always easy to criticize but far more difficult to present workable plans.
So for now, our city will just have to collectively pay for the mistakes unintentional or intentional of the previous government. It is much better to exercise a little patience for the medicine to take effect than to take poison to cure a tough but not incurable disease.
Ironically, as the government errors of the past years drove up prices, we became a beneficiary thereof (Nevertheless, we for years have been among the strongest to encourage the then government to release more land). As prices moved up, we through our subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) were able to sell some of our completed apartments at successively higher prices. That process has been ongoing for a few years.
For example, last May we parted with 108 units of The Long Beach and achieved the highest profit margin ever. Our hope was to sell several times that amount but we were unfortunate to have announced the sales plan right before a serious downdraft of the stock market caused by economic problems in Europe. So we were forced to wait a little longer. HLP also parted with 9 units of The HarbourSide and achieved a profit margin hitherto not seen. As I wrote before, we will be happy to clear the entire stock at today s price. Unfortunately, for luxury or near-luxury products like ours, transaction volume is somewhat limited.
Lest my readers think that management was coasting, we identified a window of opportunity last year to do what I have long alerted our shareholders, namely, to sell mature non-core investment properties. Many of them have been in HLP s portfolio for over twenty years. We have always done our best to maximize consistent return therefrom, but aging still takes its toll. Maintenance and repair expenses inevitably go up; rent increase was slow and growth potential limited.
Fortunately other players in the market with a different set of circumstances and so a different risk profile may be able to do something with them. So when they were willing to pay with a cap rate of 4-5%, HLP was happy to unlock value and recycle the capital. Five such major transactions brought in cash of HK$5.3 billion with a realized profit of about HK$2.1 billion. The latter figure represents a premium of 77% over the revalued worth of June 30, 2012. Although more than once I have informed shareholders that our valuer was probably among the most conservative, few believed me. This was the major reason why researchers everywhere had underestimated our underlying profit for the year.
The rent loss from the five transactions of 2012, plus two others executed right before, accounted for approximately 11% of 2011 Hong Kong rental income. Even with that, total Hong Kong rents collected in 2012 was still 3% higher than the year before. Taking out the discontinued properties so as to compare like with like, the increase was 9%.
Property market on the Mainland also underwent considerable changes. Slower global and domestic economies combined with Beijing s austerity measures on residential sales have kept the lid on prices and transaction volume. But by the fourth quarter, both began to move, and the momentum was carried over to the new year. That, together with the observation that the local stock market has recovered somewhat after about three weak years, causes one to wonder if the slowdown in retail sales may soon end. We certainly hope so.
In terms of retail sales, our malls across the board performed better in the second half of 2012 than in the first. Greatest improvement came in Shanghai Plaza 66 which could be partially explained by the re-opening of three top fashion brand stores after expansion and renovation. All such works were concluded by the third quarter. Shenyang Palace 66 also advanced by quite a bit, followed by Shanghai Grand Gateway 66 and Jinan Parc 66. The trend seems to be moving in the right direction.

It is plausible that the global economy in 2013 will improve somewhat from that of last year. While we cannot expect too much from Europe, the U.S. will hopefully pick up some momentum. Against this backdrop, China, barring unforeseen social issues, should not fare too badly. With luck, it may outperform 2012.
One economic driver should be the further advancement of urbanization which is emphasized lately by the incoming Premier Mr Li Keqiang. Under this scenario, consumer spending should rise which can only benefit our retail rental business. Increased commercial activities should then lead to a greater need for office space. We are truly well positioned to benefit from the next phase of China s economic growth.
Still eight months ahead of the opening of the shopping center at Wuxi Center 66, take up has been strong and at satisfactory unit rents. By September, I expect that like all our previous developments, the entire facility will be fully let.
Our first office tower to be completed outside Shanghai, the first of two towers at Wuxi Center 66, is almost ready. We have started leasing in earnest and tenants are expected to move in from the first quarter of next year.
At Shenyang Forum 66, we once toyed with the idea to first occupy the low zone of the first office tower with the higher floors to be occupied a year or so later. Apparently such partial opening of a skyscraper has never been done on the Mainland and certainly not in Shenyang. It proved to be too novel an idea and so we have decided to inaugurate the entire building in early 2015. The extra rents received from phased occupancy are not worth the risks.
Given the views expressed earlier, I expect that growth in our Mainland rents should pick up further. I will not be surprised if new unit rents in all our complexes improve. Together with newly completed shopping centers, namely, the first full year of operations at Forum 66 and the addition of Wuxi Center 66, total rental income should be considerably higher than last year. Rental margin for the three recently opened malls (Palace 66, Parc 66 and Forum 66) should continue to advance. Occupancy everywhere is expected to be basically full.
For our Hong Kong investment portfolio, 2013 should look quite similar to last year in terms of rental growth rate. Extra rents therefrom should more than compensate for the loss of income from discontinued properties.
We are hopeful that there will again be opportunities to sell completed apartments in meaningful quantities and at satisfactory prices. On the other hand, after a year of many transactions, the sales of non-core investment properties may take a breather. There is however an odd case.
Due to technical reasons, a block of serviced apartments called The Bay Bridge owned by this Company is being sold through the assignment of company scripts. The sale and purchase agreement was signed late last year but the transaction will not be completed until early this year. Unlike the sales of real asset, accounting rules dictate that profit from the sale of shares will not be recognized until the deal is closed. Because a market price has been established when the transaction was struck, the property must be revalued to that number at December 31, 2012. As a result, the sale was not included among the 2012 transactions but the appreciated value was accounted for as part of valuation gains for the year. In this case, the profit was not inconsequential we sold it for HK$901 million while the value on the books at the time of sale was a mere HK$490 million. The margin was thus 84%.
Because we parted with many non-core investment assets last year, it is perhaps unrealistic to expect higher total profit in 2013. All will depend on how many completed flats we can sell in the coming 11 months. Looking purely at our rental business, chances are very good that we will outperform 
Ronnie C. Chan 
