Chairman s Letter to Shareholders Results and Dividend Compared to the last corresponding period, turnover for the six months ended December 31, 2011 increased by 21% to HK$3,361 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders fell 17% to HK$1,578 million, and earnings per share was HK$1.17 representing a drop of the same 
When excluding the effect of revaluation gains, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders increased 27% to HK$1,000 million and the underlying earnings per share advanced 25% to HK$0.74.
The Board has resolved to change its financial year end from June 30 to December 31. As such, the current financial period covers the six-month period from July 1, 2011 to December 31, 2011. The change is to align with fiscal year end of subsidiaries incorporated in Mainland China. There, by law, fiscal year end must be 
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.38 per share. For the half year to December 31, 2010 we paid HK$0.19 per share and six months later, HK$0.57 per share at then fiscal year end, making a full-year payout of HK$0.76 per share. That means on average we paid HK$0.38 per share for each six-month period, hence the present recommendation.
This amount is subject to approval at the forthcoming general meeting of shareholders.

Hong Kong rental market remained steady. Partly benefitting from increased Mainland visitors, the retail sector performed well. Office rents came under some pressure which was not surprising since the global economy was weak. Europe is fighting a mountain of debt while the U.S. has to work out its real estate problems and unemployment. China s economy, increasingly intertwined with that of the world, cannot remain unaffected. That in turn impacts Hong Kong s all-important financial services industry which relies heavily on Mainland corporates. As many banks are cutting staff, leasing activities slowed and office rent has nowhere to go but down. The only bright spot is in the hospitality industry which also positively affects certain serviced apartments like ours.
With that background, our investment portfolio produced a 7% increase in overall rents - - 7% for retail, 4% for offices and 14% for the rest. Given the weakening office market, it is fortuitous that early last year we renewed the lease to the sitting tenant for a majority of the floors at our headquarters building. It is for ten years and has terms quite favorable to us as the 
As previously reported, Shanghai rents have shown signs of softness in the past several months. One cause may be the weakness in the residential market.
That together with the lackluster stock market might have given people a poverty effect (as opposed to wealth effect ) or a feel-bad factor. With that, people tend to consume less. I trust that it is a transient phenomenon, for the systematic trend in China is still the rise of domestic consumption.
Our two Shanghai malls Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66 reported growth in rent at 14% and 15% respectively.
For a maturing market, this is not bad. Our offices have finally produced some rent increase after several years of stagnation. The amount however is not yet significant. The residential units in Grand Gateway 66 have fared well and brought in 13% more revenue.
Rental margins of all three product types remain steady and both locations are basically fully let.
What is of interest to many is the performance of the two new facilities, Shenyang Palace 66 and Jinan Parc 66. The former has encouraging news and the latter, a glowing report. As I have previously written, not only did Palace 66 encounter many unexpected troubles during construction that blew the budget, resulting in a lower initial yield of 4%, even after inauguration luck still escaped us until perhaps now. The road work surrounding our site has finally been resolved. Footfall is approaching pre-road work levels while sales of our tenants have surpassed the previous mark. As a result, our rental turnover grew 15% and rental margin improved. Profit has jumped 62% but it is from a very low base. Occupancy was 94% with the vacancy due to tenant remix. It is gratifying that new leases are on average 10% higher. All numbers seem to point to a recovery, although challenges still abound.
Parc 66 is a different story - - in the absence of serious competition, it has done superbly. Rental margin has improved quickly in the four months since the August 2011 opening. Although it is only 56% bigger than Palace 66, tenants sales as well as our operating profit are doubled. It is 100% occupied.
Due to market conditions, our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties only sold two units of The HarbourSide.
Profit margin however was phenomenal at 78%.
This should be considered a one-off situation when a penthouse was sold for HK$50,000 per square foot. A margin percentage in the 60 s is more the norm for this 
In the past six months, both the Hong Kong and Mainland residential markets have seen much change.
Volume and prices have not done well in both markets.
Ironically, although only in Hong Kong do we have flats to sell, the housing market here probably affects our local business less than the Mainland residential market affects our commercial property rental there.
Hong Kong s housing industry is altogether bifurcated into mass residential and luxury. Back in 1995, we made a decision not to be in the former; we only do the latter. This is similar in philosophy to our building only world-class commercial properties on the Mainland.
We do not want to play the speed and quantity game; we only compete on profit margin and quality.
In the six months under review, transaction volume for Hong Kong mass residential units was about half that of the previous period while prices went sideways. This followed a fairly active period of rising prices that lasted about two years to this past summer. In the same period, the luxury market was rather quiet - - since August 2009 when we last sold a healthy amount of flats, prices have not moved and volume was low. For the less expensive flats, weak sentiment can quickly send prices down, but for their high-end cousins, they are much more resilient - - volume can suddenly shrink but prices tend to hold up. Tighter supply is one cause, and the fact that many luxury projects have their somewhat unique attraction, is another. In the case of The HarbourSide and to a lesser extent The Long Beach, the beautiful harbor view is rare and highly desirable.
In other words, the psychology of purchasers in each 
The story on the Mainland is quite different. Although we do not have residential units to sell - - at least not now - - what happens in that market can directly impact our commercial rental business. As I had previously reported, at least twice in the past five years - - in 2007 and early 2008, and again from end 2009 to summer 2011 - - as home prices got very high, some of those developers delved into commercial properties. On each occasion, they bid up prices which adversely affected our ability to buy land. Now that residential prices are down and volume contracted, Mainland developers have to fight for survival and so will leave us alone. This explains why last September we were able to buy an excellent plot of land in the heart of Kunming. We did not have a single competitor from the Mainland.
Last August, Hang Lung Properties lost a bid to continue leasing and running Queensway Plaza in Admiralty, Hong Kong. We have managed this high profile property since the government first made it available in 1981. Financially speaking, it is altogether insignificant to us and we know how old and tired the facility is.
Much maintenance and indeed capital expenditure are required to rejuvenate it, yet the latest tenure dictated by the government is shorter than ever. It was just not worth the risk and our effort.

Let me first address the situation on the Mainland. Again we cannot avoid its residential market although we do not yet directly participate in it. At this juncture, it is not easy to say with any degree of confidence where it will go. The best guess is that prices will basically move sideways while volume picks up. Bank lending to local developers will be easier to come by than in the past two years but certain restrictions on housing demand will not be withdrawn altogether. This assessment is based on the belief that the Central Government does not want to rock the boat especially in this year of 
Nevertheless there are a few factors whose effects may surface this year. They all tend to negatively impact the residential market and so the developers. Take for example subsidized housing. The first batch of millions of homes since this policy initiative was implemented may come on stream later this year. Although the number of units will not be as large as originally thought, neither will it be inconsequential. There may be a delay in their coming to the market but sooner or later they will. Such a government building program will have the effect of shrinking the private sector housing industry.
Also consider the property tax on homes which is undergoing a trial run in certain cities. If it takes hold and is practiced nationwide, the impact on residential prices will have to be seen. Any impact on volume will however be short-lived since to most people, home purchase is a necessity.
The most likely outcome in light of all of the above is that local developers presently in heavy debt will survive the latest downturn, but it will not be easy. If so, then hopefully most if not all of them will stay out of commercial properties thus minimizing competition for us in land acquisitions. Whether we will eventually buy will of course depend on pricing which in turn will depend on how desperate city governments are. There is always the possibility that the Central Government will bail out the cash-strapped municipalities.
And if we were to acquire more land, they will likely be in secondary cities like those we have focused on since the mid 2000 s. It is our belief that the rental growth rate there may be greater than that in first-tier cities like Beijing or Shanghai. To be sure, there are no Chinese cities like those two. Apart from Hong Kong, they will likely have the highest commercial rents in the country.
But for several reasons, their rate of increase may no longer be the highest as they once were.
First, first-tier metropolises have more mature retail markets. Supply of shops is plentiful and rents are already quite high. Six or eight years ago, many people from nearby or not-so-nearby towns converged on them to shop. Now almost all major brands are ubiquitous thus partially diverting demand from those cities.
On the other hand, the secondary cities on which we now focus and which are economically behind Beijing and Shanghai are quickly catching up. Their GDP as well as salary increases are faster. With retail starting at a lower base, there is much room for advancement.
If the 1990 s and 2000 s belonged to Beijing and Shanghai, then the 2010 s belong to the secondary cities. All the places in which we are building fall within that category. Their rates of growth in retail sales will be among the highest, although in absolute terms, no Chinese city, again excepting Hong Kong, will likely match Beijing and Shanghai.
Take for example Jinan. Although it is the capital of Shandong, one of the three richest provinces in the country, there were no shopping centers to speak of until Parc 66 opened last August. The differential in quality between our facility and others is huge. In fact, in most if not all of the cities where we are constructing, there are simply no existing malls of our size or quality. This condition is very favorable to our business. Inasmuch as we like Beijing and Shanghai, if we had not entered these excellent secondary cities years ago, our growth today may be limited. Moreover, the number of such metropolises in China is large - - certainly large enough for many players the size of Hang Lung. That means opportunities on the Mainland are practically limitless.
Hong Kong is quite a different story. Although we apply the same investment philosophy in both places, local conditions can make operational dynamics very 
There are two conditions which must be met before we can successfully acquire land. The first is that substantially all - - of course it is best if all - - of our potential competitors are out of money and cannot or dare not borrow. Because most Mainland players are heavily leveraged, this condition can be met easier than it appears. The last two incidents were from the fourth quarter of 2008 to the second quarter of 2009, and again from the second half of 2011 until now.
The likelihood of the same condition being fulfilled in Hong Kong is much slimmer. The last time was 1998 to 2000 in the wake of the Asian Financial Crisis and so that was the last time that we bought land in our home 
The second condition is that the land sellers must be on their knees. Chinese municipalities were in that posture from 2008 year end to the second quarter of 2009. Besides selling land, their other major source of funding is the Central Government. There is a possibility that this time the Central Government will somehow extend a life-saver to them.
In Hong Kong, the government is the biggest landlord.
For political reasons it dares not to appear to sell land cheaply. This is why it has always kept the reserved price for land application unreasonably high. So much so that for years no developer was successful in applying for land. Only in exceptional circumstances such as right after the Asian Financial Crisis did we have a chance to buy. It happened in 1999 to 2000. That was also the time when all our competitors were out of money, thus fulfilling also the first condition. Through that episode which to many local developers was a near-bankruptcy experience, they must have somehow learned. So in the next big crisis of 2008 and 2009, most of them were financially sound. In the absence of the first condition, we were unable to acquire land in those years in 
Since the possibility of purchasing land on the much bigger Mainland market is greater, and given much faster economic growth, I do not understand why not more Hong Kong developers would focus their efforts there. Besides greenfield projects, it even makes eminent sense to sell low-yielding and mature Hong Kong investment properties and redeploy resources to higher yielding and dynamically expanding markets on the Mainland. It seems a prudent thing to do.
Irrespective of the opportunity to buy more land on the Mainland, we will already have our hands full. In the coming years, our effort will to a good extent be focused on the satisfactory build-out of the existing projects. The coming on board of Mr Philip Chen eighteen months ago as Managing Director is fortuitous in this regard.
Coming from the airline industry which is operationally intensive, he has already built up or has strengthened many of our management systems. All that will help us meet the challenges ahead.
For the coming year, we expect the increase in rents to be similar to that of the past six months. This will again be the mainstay of our profit. A higher percentage of top line growth can be expected as Palace 66 and Parc 66 continue to contribute more and more. The next project to open will be the shopping center at Shenyang Forum 66. It is scheduled for late September, for we want to catch the winter fashion season. The low zone of the first office tower will be ready next year, with the rest of the floors open the year after. In 2013, we also expect to inaugurate the mall at Wuxi Center 66. Indeed the Company will have many exciting days ahead! Ronnie C. Chan 
