CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.
RESULTS
The Group’s profit after taxation and minority interests for the year ended 30th June 2003 was HK$6,584 million, a
decrease of 23 per cent compared with last year’s profit of HK$8,519 million. Earnings per share for the year were
HK$2.74, representing a 23 per cent decrease compared with HK$3.55 per share for the previous year. The earnings for
the year reflect a provision for the diminution in value of property development projects and provisions made by
SUNeVision Holdings, which together amounted to HK$1,481 million.
DIVIDENDS
The Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.00 per share for the year ended 30th June
2003. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.60 per share, the dividend for the year will be HK$1.60 per share,
compared with HK$1.55 per share for the previous year (excluding last year’s special 30th anniversary bonus dividend of
HK$0.60 per share).
BUSINESS REVIEW
Property Sales
Property sales turnover for the year as recorded in the accounts was HK$12,543 million, as compared with last year’s
sales of HK$16,164 million. During the year, the Group sold and pre-sold an attributable HK$12,157 million worth of
properties in Hong Kong, as compared with HK$15,151 million for the previous year. Sales were temporarily affected by
the outbreak of SARS during the second quarter of 2003, but picked up quickly after the disease was brought under
control. Major residential projects sold during the year included Park Island Phase 1 on Ma Wan, 1 Po Shan Road in
Mid-Levels, 1 Ho Man Tin Hill, Park Central in Tseung Kwan O and Aegean Coast in Tuen Mun. Since the beginning of
July 2003, the Group has sold over HK$3,600 million worth of properties.
Over 92 per cent of the residential projects completed during the year have been sold. Millennium City Phase 3 and
the shopping centre in Park Central are being kept as long-term investments. Likewise, Two IFC is being retained for
rental except for the highest office space zone, which was sold to one owner-occupier.
Land Bank
The Group did not acquire any land during the year, due mainly to the moratorium on government land sales. The sale
of residential properties completed during the year and of some office space in Two IFC reduced the Group’s Hong Kong
land bank to 45.3 million square feet.
Negotiations with the government on land premiums are continuing. The Group will take advantage of current property
market conditions to replenish its residential development land bank when appropriate opportunities arise. The Group
also holds more than 21 million square feet of agricultural land in terms of site area. The majority of these sites, located
along existing or planned railways in the New Territories, are in the process of land use conversion.
Property Development
Confidence in the residential property market
has improved and sales volume increased in
the past few months. Property prices have
shown some signs of firming up of late, but
still remain highly affordable and attractive.
Improved economic conditions, record low
mortgage interest rates and attractive rental
yields relative to interest costs continued to
underpin the market. The recent buoyancy in
the stock market has in part contributed to
better performance by luxury properties.
The government’s firm stance on supporting
the market is welcome. This, coupled with
the nine measures introduced last November,
should assist healthy development in the
residential market over the medium to
long term.
The Group intends to produce a high volume
of residential properties for sale. Its focus is on
developing large-scale projects with a
concentration on small and medium sized
units. At the same time, it selectively builds
some high-end, low-density projects with
larger units. The Group is constantly looking for
new ways to reduce construction costs without
compromising on quality, and these efforts
have paid off with enhanced project returns.
Customer satisfaction is one of the Group’s top priorities. It continues to set new standards in all aspects of property
development, such as quality, design and amenities. Hygiene facilities have been enhanced in new projects,
particularly after the outbreak of SARS, and the Group’s member property management companies proactively address
increased hygiene awareness among residents and tenants. In addition, the Group is always striving to improve
after-sale service.
The Group’s strong brand name has raised the marketability of its projects and enabled premium pricing. This was
demonstrated by the encouraging sales of YOHO Town in Yuen Long and luxury residential projects such as 1 Po Shan
Road and 1 Ho Man Tin Hill, which are sold out.
A few projects have been rescheduled in order to improve their designs and layouts, and to incorporate added
features to meet customers’ needs. 
Property Investment
Gross rental income for the year, including the Group’s share of joint venture projects, was HK$5,628 million,
compared to HK$5,844 million last year. Net rental income fell to HK$4,100 million from HK$4,432 million. The
decline was mainly due to the weak office sector as well as a loss of rental income resulting from the disposal of
two non-core commercial complexes. Overall occupancy of the Group’s rental portfolio, excluding Two IFC which
was only recently completed, remains at 92 per cent.
The Group reacted quickly to the outbreak of SARS with a comprehensive set of hygiene measures to reassure its
residents, commercial tenants and the public. A series of mall promotions was also staged to restore shoppers’
confidence. The Group’s retail rental income was steady during the year, since the majority of its malls are regional
shopping centres catering to local residents, which proved resilient in the face of the outbreak. The promotions
stimulated consumer spending and traffic in the Group’s malls is already back to normal, so SARS had a minimal
impact on overall rental income.
The Group is committed to enhancing the value of its investment properties and upgrading service to grow with its
tenants. It regularly improves the tenant mix in its shopping centres and renovates malls to sustain their
attractiveness. The Group plans to renovate five shopping centres in the coming years, including New Town Plaza
Phase 1 in Shatin, which will cost HK$300 million over the next two years.
The Group’s shopping centres along the railway network are benefiting from increased Mainland tourist numbers.
To exploit this opportunity, the Group will increase its promotions in major Mainland cities to attract visitors to its
shopping centres in Hong Kong.
Office rents have become more attractive when
compared to key financial centres worldwide. The
supply of new office space will be limited in the
coming years, and the recent rally in the financial
markets, together with some signs of economic
recovery, have resulted in more leasing enquiries and
commitments. The desire to relocate to top-grade
office space is likely to rise, especially at the current
competitive rents.
Following China’s entry to the WTO, Hong Kong
should also benefit from the recent Closer Economic
Partnership Arrangement (CEPA) with the Mainland,
which will give rise to more business opportunities
here. Hong Kong’s role as an international centre of
finance, commerce, trade and tourism will be
strengthened further, and demand for high-quality
office buildings is expected to remain promising over
the medium to long term.
Strategically located above Hong Kong Station on the Airport Express, IFC is soon to be a world-class office, retail
and hotel complex. The newly-completed 88-storey Two IFC office tower has almost two million square feet of
gross floor area. This is Hong Kong’s newest landmark, setting the standard for prestige office accommodation in
every respect. Leasing of both the office and retail space in Two IFC has been progressing smoothly and the soft
opening of IFC Mall will take place in October this year. The last phase of IFC is a 1.1 million square-foot hotel
complex under the Four Seasons brand. Upon completion in late 2004, the hotel will provide 1,000 guest rooms in
two towers and be the largest six-star hotel in Hong Kong.
Kowloon Station Development Packages 3, 5, 6 & 7 will encompass residential, office, retail and hotel space
above Kowloon Station on the Airport Express, with the finest design and layout, incorporating superb
technology and facilities. Part of the project will be an ultra-modern tower that transforms the territory’s skyline.
The first phase of the development, which consists of one million square feet of residential area, will go on sale in
mid-2004.
Leasing of the newly-completed office space in Millennium City Phase 3 has been satisfactory. The 600,000 square-
foot shopping centre in Phase 5 will be completed in the second half of 2004. Phase 5, which also includes office
space, will form a new landmark in the prime business hub of Kowloon East.
The Group aims to maintain an optimal mix in its quality rental portfolio. To further improve returns and asset
turnover, it will consider selling some non-core investment properties at the right time.
Information Technology and Telecommunications
SmarTone
Despite fierce market competition and the outbreak of SARS, SmarTone delivered encouraging results with a net profit
of HK$408 million for the year, a 254 per cent increase from the previous year. Significant progress was made in pursuing
its strategy of delivering the best customer proposition through continual improvements in the three key pillars of its
business: products and services, network and customer service. SmarTone has also reinforced its branding in the market.
In a deflationary economy with customers becoming increasingly price sensitive, the company will continue to stay
competitive on price without compromising on its high standards of customer service and network quality. It aims to
increase revenue and market share over time with an ongoing focus on its three key pillars strategy.
SmarTone proposes a special dividend of HK$3.50 per
share for the year ended 30th June 2003, to achieve a
more capital-efficient structure. The company will still
retain sufficient cash resources for expected operational
needs after distribution of the proposed dividend.
The Group increased its holding in SmarTone to about 51
per cent in January 2003 through a mandatory general
offer at HK$8.50 per share, which was triggered by the
Group’s electing to receive SmarTone scrip dividends.
Given SmarTone’s strong management team, sound
business strategy and solid financial position, the Group
is confident in the company’s growth prospects and
committed to holding its stake as a long-term investment.
SUNeVision
SUNeVision’s continuing back-to-basics strategy, further improvements in efficiency and cost streamlining enabled it to
generate a profit for the year before one-off provisions for the impairment of equity technology investments and a
valuation deficit on property.
SUNeVision is financially strong with approximately HK$1,200 million in cash and interest-bearing securities on hand.
Going forward, it will strive to keep improving financial performance, leveraging its strong fundamentals and financial
position for growth. The company will also look for new, IT-related businesses with immediate revenue and reliable cash
flows to complement its existing businesses.
Transportation and Infrastructure
Kowloon Motor Bus
Kowloon Motor Bus (KMB) performed relatively well during the depressed economic environment of 2002, while the
outbreak of SARS and operating competition had a considerable impact on the company’s performance in the first half
of 2003. Various cost saving measures have been implemented and further improvements in operating efficiency and
customer service are expected through the continual upgrade of IT facilities. KMB is committed to providing an efficient,
reliable and user-friendly bus service, aiming for total
customer satisfaction. It will continue to explore new
growth opportunities in its core transportation business
in both Hong Kong and on the Mainland. RoadShow
Holdings, the listed subsidiary of KMB, has expanded
into the Mainland and is a leading media sales company
in the greater China region.
Other Infrastructure Business
The Wilson Group performed reasonably well given the
weak domestic economy throughout the year, and
Route 3 (Country Park Section) continued to record a
steady volume of traffic.
Both the River Trade Terminal and Airport Freight
Forwarding Centre are operating smoothly. The two berths
at Container Terminal 9 are being built in phases and are
scheduled for completion in the second half of 2004.
All the Group’s infrastructure projects are in Hong Kong
and are expected to generate healthy cash flows and
returns over the long term.
Hotels
Overall performance of the Group’s three hotels was
dragged down by the SARS outbreak in the last few
months of the financial year, but occupancy rebounded
significantly in the aftermath of the disease and now
stands at around 90 per cent. This was due mainly to a
faster-than-expected recovery in tourist arrivals. The
Hong Kong and Central governments have agreed to
allow residents of selected major Mainland cities,
particularly those from Guangdong, to visit the territory
as individuals, which should continue to boost the local
tourist industry.
Various initiatives by the private and public sectors to
promote Hong Kong as a regional tourist hub, together
with more tourist attractions coming in the next few years,
should contribute to the long-term growth of Hong Kong
tourism. With the tourist sector growing rapidly, the
Group is building Hong Kong’s first Four Seasons hotel
and plans another six-star hotel above Kowloon Station.
Mainland Business
The Mainland economy kept growing as a result of higher exports, more foreign capital flowing in and greater fixed
investments, notwithstanding the SARS outbreak.
China’s scheduled WTO commitments on trade, investment and market access will mean an increase in business and
investment opportunities there, and more multinationals, including banking and financial institutions, are expected to
increase their Mainland presence.
The Group recently signed an agreement to develop a landmark project in the Lujiazui financial and trade zone of
Shanghai, in order to tap into the rapidly expanding Mainland economy. Total project cost is estimated to be HK$8,000
million. The project has an aggregate gross floor area of 4.5 million square feet and will comprise luxury hotels, top-
quality offices, serviced apartments and shopping facilities. It will be developed in phases by 2011, with the first phase
scheduled for completion in 2007.
The Group’s Mainland investment property portfolio performed reasonably well. Leasing of Sun Dong An Plaza in
Beijing was satisfactory and Shanghai Central Plaza was almost fully let. About 70 per cent of Phase 1 of The
Woodland in Zhongshan, consisting of 312 units, has been sold.
Corporate Finance
Maintaining an extended debt maturity profile and adequate stand-by facilities are key elements of the Group’s
financial policies. In keeping with this, it completed an HK$8,000 million, seven-year fully revolving syndicated credit
facility with a consortium of 20 leading local and international banks in May 2003. Response to the facility was very
positive, with over-subscriptions at both the underwriting and general syndication stages. The proceeds will be used
for general working capital and to refinance some short-term debts.
The Group’s financial position remains strong. Its net debt to shareholders’ funds ratio was 10.9 per cent as at 30th
June 2003 and its interest coverage was high at 13.2 times. Its consistent, prudent financial management policy
includes keeping financial leverage low and liquidity high, and it maintains high credit ratings of ‘A’ from Standard &
Poor’s and ‘A3’ from Moody’s.
The Group has substantial committed undrawn facilities on standby for future business expansion, and all of its credit
facilities are unsecured. It is exposed to minimal foreign exchange risk, given that almost all of its financing is
denominated in Hong Kong dollars. It has not made any speculative arrangements on derivatives, and it has no off-
balance-sheet or contingent liabilities other than borrowings by joint venture companies. The Group will continue to
diversify its funding base and lengthen its debt maturity profile. As and when appropriate, the Group will take
advantage of current market conditions, with low interest rates and abundant liquidity, to source long-term financing
at competitive rates.
Corporate Governance
Good corporate governance is a paramount concern for the Group’s board of directors and senior management. The
Group is dedicated to ensuring high standards of corporate governance in all aspects of its business and maintaining
effective accountability mechanisms and high transparency for investors. Prompt disclosure of information builds
investors’ confidence and facilitates their understanding of the Group’s strategies and latest situation. Believing that
good reporting and internal control systems are vital to the accuracy of both internal and external financial
information, the Group makes constant improvements wherever possible.
This commitment to good corporate governance has won the Group wide recognition from the investment
community. It was named Hong Kong’s Best Property Developer for corporate governance by Euromoney magazine in
2003, Asia’s Best Property Company by FinanceAsia magazine in 2003 and voted one of the best companies for
corporate governance by the magazines Asiamoney and The Asset in 2002.
Customer Service, Human Resources and Environmental Protection
First-class customer service is one of the cornerstones of the Group’s success. Because of this, the Group is always
working to raise levels of service to new heights in all aspects of its business. Its two property management subsidiaries
aim to offer residents a lifestyle of total convenience, and they consistently win a variety of awards for top
management service. The Group also cares about the environment and follows green practices in its business, such as
including environmentally-friendly and energy-efficient features in new projects.
The Group’s SHKP Club reaches out to the public to promote two-way
communication. Club membership is now approaching 180,000. Members
enjoy a range of property-related benefits and activities, and in return they
share their valuable insights into the property market.
The Group currently employs about 20,000 people. Staff have access to a
wide range of training programmes to further personal and professional
development, and regular assessments are carried out to evaluate staff
performance. The Group is committed to raising both Chinese and English
language standards in the workplace, to sustain long-term competitiveness.
PROSPECTS
Global economic conditions are likely to improve as a result of the continued easing of monetary policy around the
world, particularly in the US and Europe, while the Mainland economy should continue to thrive. These factors are
expected to provide momentum for Hong Kong’s economic growth.
Concerted effort and support from the Central Government, various local government measures, continuing export
growth, the gradual revival of tourism and a rebound in consumer spending are spurring a local economic recovery
from the SARS-induced downturn.
The recently-announced strategy of repositioning Hong Kong and Guangdong marks a new era of economic
cooperation across the border. The quickening pace of economic cooperation and integration with the Pearl River
Delta, together with CEPA, should further boost Hong Kong’s growth prospects.
With a gradual economic recovery, strong market fundamentals such
as record affordability and market-driven housing policy, homebuyers’
confidence should strengthen over time. A positive population policy,
particularly the introduction of investment immigrants, should be an
added bonus to the market. All these mean that take-up is likely to
increase in the coming year. This higher take-up and an anticipated
decline in new supply in the pre-sale market should keep the current
recovery going forward.
Against improving prospects for the residential market,
the Group aims to maintain a high volume of residential
production over the medium term. To accomplish this,
the Group will replenish its development land bank
when opportunities arise. Equally important, its rental
income base will also be enhanced by new landmark
investment properties such as Two IFC. Concurrently,
the Group will dispose of selected non-core rental
properties in due course to maintain an optimal
portfolio mix and increase asset turnover.
The Group will continue to strengthen its brand name
through various initiatives such as enhancing the quality
of products and services and branding individual
projects. High project marketability and improved
pricing ability, backed by a powerful brand, should
contribute to better returns on development projects
over time.
On the Mainland, the Group continues its gradual and selective approach to investing in the property sector, focusing
on major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Shenzhen.
New major residential projects to be pre-sold in the next nine months include the development on Tuen Mun Town Lot
399, 8 Waterloo Road in Kowloon, 18 Farm Road in Ho Man Tin and Park Island Phase 2 on Ma Wan. Proceeds from
these pre-sales and solid rental income will further enhance the Group’s financial position.
Over 40 per cent of the residential properties to be completed in the coming financial year have been pre-sold. With
the current property market recovery expected to continue and barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group’s results
for the coming year will be satisfactory.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance, and to
all the staff for their dedication and hard work.
Kwok Ping-sheung, Walter
Chairman & Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 25th September 2003
