Chairman s Statement TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS 
For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2004, turnover rose 59.3% to $5,449.3 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders was $986.6 million, and earnings per share 74.4 cents, both representing an increase of 154.8% over a year ago.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 36 cents per share, or a rise of 12.5% above last year. If accepted by shareholders, total dividends for the year will be 48 cents per share which is a growth of 9.1% from the year before.

Six months ago, I wrote of entering a harvesting phase the firstfruits of which should be seen before the fiscal year is over . That has now come to pass. Our majority owned subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) took advantage of a strong rally in luxury apartments and sold 181 units of The HarbourSide to great profit. Since 941 units remain unsold, total profit ultimately achieved may become the highest of any single project in the Group s history.
In the last two months of the fiscal year ending June 30, property prices moderated somewhat. That notwithstanding, overall residential prices rose more than 20% for the previous twelve months.
The gains for luxury apartments are even more spectacular doubling that percentage to over 40%. With some 80% of our sales portfolio by floor area being in that category, we are well positioned to benefit therefrom. Our land costs are invariably cheaper than those of our neighbours , and our sites are always better located and superbly shaped. Moreover, more often than not our fellow developers have sold most if not all of their units in the previous two years during weak market conditions, thus leaving us with less competition.
Government measures of late have been helpful. The relaxation of the Landlord and Tenant (Consolidation) Ordinance and of the 70% mortgage ceiling to 95% will no doubt further encourage property ownership. Their effects will be felt in the coming year. Recent government land auctions have also shown that developers are much more aggressive than before.
After many years in the doldrums, the rental market has finally seen some serious movement. Retail was the first to recover due to pentup local consumer demand as well as mainland tourists. Centrally located offices did well but had taken tenants from secondary locations. Industrial and industrialoffice buildings which are of less significance to us have nevertheless leased well.
Given this background, our Hong Kong rental portfolio held mainly by HLP has reversed the downward trend. Total rents received have grown marginally and are expected to slowly rise.
Our Shanghai properties have once again been the star performer.
Growth rate, however, is expected to slow since the first round of lease renewals already took place last year. Rents are expected to pick up next fiscal year (2005-2006) as I will discuss later.
Two exceptional developments must be reported. First, in May 2003, the joint venture company which owned The Grand Gateway in Shanghai sold one of the two office blocks being built to a former shareholder. Besides cash payments, the departing shareholder will yield all its shares in the joint venture company to the remaining shareholders in proportion to their shareholdings. As a result, our interest in the entire project has increased from 47.3% to 66.3%.
This should be highly desirable both in terms of gains in recurrent income as well as in capital value.
After financial year-end, our lawsuit against Sino Land, another major local developer, has been adjudicated in our favor. The case related to the sale of a hotel in Yau Kom Tau which we built and sold to Sino in December 1996. The other side has until early October to decide whether to appeal. If we still prevail at the higher court (which is expected), the amount of damages to be paid to us will then be determined by the judge. After six long years of legal wrangling, the good news so far is certainly welcome. From a business prospective, management made the right decision to sell at the right time at what later proved to be the height of the market. This is yet another example of how we conduct our business by reading the market correctly and acting accordingly.

The Group has performed well in Hong Kong in the past decade or so.
We have come through the biggest bear market our city has seen with flying colors. During that period, through HLP we have bought land prudently which should result in the best profit margin of any major real estate developer. To make the margin even richer, unlike most of our fellow developers, we have in the past two years withheld from selling almost-completed apartments as the market was bottoming.
Now that prices are recovering nicely, we are beginning to sell.
In the mainland of China, we have also done superbly. Our strategy to focus on only the best commercial city Shanghai and to build the biggest and highest quality products at premium locations, has paid off handsomely. We have learned to deal with government officials and departments while maintaining our usual high business ethics.
Whereas we often hear of horror stories of how overseas businessmen (including Hong Kong developers) lost money in that land of apparently unlimited opportunities, we have quietly made good profits.
Land bank wise, in Hong Kong we still have about 400,000 square meters of prime residential space held through HLP which will be for sale over the coming three years. HLP has another 40,000 square meters or so of top of the line apartments and town houses, all on Hong Kong Island, which can be sold. Some of these are being constructed like on Blue Pool Road, while certain older properties can be refurbished or redeveloped such as Burnside Estate in Repulse Bay. Others like The Summit are already completed. If the market were to improve further, the potential profit from these projects are not inconsequential.
In Shanghai, we are constructing approximately 250,000 square meters as part of our two existing highly successful projects. Once completed the office tower and the service apartment block at The Grand Gateway in 2005, plus the second residential building of the same development in 2006, as well as the second office tower at Plaza 66 (which we jointly own with HLP), also in 2006 rents received therefrom will further boost profit. The first effects will be felt in 2005-2006 and will reach full force by 2007-2008.
All these beg the question: what will we do four years hence? If the Group succeeds in buying land in Hong Kong at reasonable prices within the next year or two, that will be good. However, there is no certainty of success. I fear that our competitors may bid up prices beyond what we are willing to pay. This is why well over a year ago, management has started to execute a plan to greatly expand our presence in the mainland of China. About 30 major cities were identified with the hope to do seven or eight and preferably nine or ten sizeable projects. Mass residential will not be of interest to us for we cannot compete with local developers. We will instead do high-end residential and particularly commercial buildings, both retail and offices. This represents a new strategic direction which will have long lasting effects on the shape of the Group going forward.
Our future is as much in the mainland as in Hong Kong.
That said, our base remains here. We will buy land as well as investment properties in Hong Kong (through HLP of course) as we see opportunities. We will also strengthen our existing investment portfolio. Overall, we are quite comfortable about the near to medium term economic future of our city. In the post-1997 era, politics is getting noisier by the day, but at least for now, I do not see it affecting business.
So far, there is apparently a disconnect between the two. As society gradually moves towards more plurality, commercial activities should be able to go on as usual, at least in the foreseeable future.
Developments inside the mainland of China will, however, increasingly impact Hong Kong both positively and negatively, but mostly the former. This is unavoidable when their population of 1.3 billion is almost 200 times that of ours. Their GDP is eight or nine times our size and is growing a lot faster. Indeed, mankind has never seen so many people improve their economic output by so much in so short a time. This translates to a huge rise in per capita income which underpins our comfort to increase investments there and here.
All that is good news to us. Whereas it is inevitable that some mainland cities like Shanghai and Beijing will quickly gain on us given their much lower economic base, Hong Kong still has tremendous advantages of our own. Whether we will capitalize on them to prolong our economic growth will depend on ourselves as much as on the mainland. It is possible that if unabated, politics can get out of hand and begin to hurt the business environment. Our fellow citizens must understand that the world will not stop and wait for us to sort out our political problems. Businessmen have choices where they do business and make their home, and in any event will go where the profit is. The working class who are not as mobile will suffer the most if our economy stagnates. Job creation is critical to any society and only a vibrant commercial environment can guarantee that.
Yes, the central government in Beijing is helping in many ways, such as granting us CEPA (Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement) and allowing individual tourists to visit our city. However, we should all understand that external assistance can only go so far. Ultimately, Hong Kong must do its part to keep our society stable and our 
Ronnie C. Chan 
