CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
International uncertainties and economic deleveraging on the Mainland continued
to present challenging operating conditions. Investor caution resulted in subdued
investment market activity and soft demand for loans during the year. Against this
backdrop, Hang Seng Bank leveraged its competitive strengths to record respectable
results for 2016 and strengthen its platform for achieving long-term growth. 
Excluding the impact of the HK$10.6bn gain on the partial disposal of our holding in Industrial Bank
in the first half of 2015, profit attributable to shareholders fell by 4% to HK$16,212m and earnings
per share declined by 4% to HK$8.30. On a reported basis, attributable profit and earnings per share
were down 41% and 42% respectively.
The Directors have declared a fourth interim dividend of HK$2.80 per share. This brings the total
distribution for 2016 to HK$6.10 per share, compared with HK$5.70 per share in 2015, excluding
the HK$3.00 special dividend that was issued in 2015.
Economic Environment
Growth has been reported in advanced economies following steps by major central banks to act against
economic and financial market risks. In the US, growth averaged 2.7% in the second half of 2016,
up from 1.1% in the first half. Second-half growth in the eurozone was 1.8%, a small increase from
1.7% in the first half.
Economic growth on the Mainland was within the Central Government’s target range last year, due
in part to the success of policy measures designed to support economic stability and long-term
economic transition. While full-year GDP growth for 2016 was 6.7%, its slowest rate in 26 years,
growth in the fourth quarter accelerated for the first time in two years to 6.8%. We expect the Mainland
economy to maintain a similar pace of annual expansion in 2017.
The US is on track to tighten
monetary policy, but the gradual
pace of interest rate rises suggests
that its impact on Hong Kong should be
moderate. While potential changes in
international trade policies are clouding the
outlook for Sino-US trade relations, growth
in Hong Kong’s domestic service sector has
remained steady. Our forecast is for annual
GDP growth in Hong Kong to rise to 1.8%
in 2017 from an estimated 1.4% in 2016.
I would like to take this opportunity to recognise the commitment and contributions of
staff and senior management in upholding our core principle of service excellence and ensuring
we deliver on our sustainable growth objectives. I remain deeply grateful to the Bank’s Non-executive
Directors for their wise counsel and vigilance on governance matters in the interest of Hang Seng’s
stakeholders. I also wish to sincerely thank our customers and shareholders for their continuing
loyalty and trust.
Uncertainties over global trade, the evolving credit conditions and economic adjustment on the
Mainland will continue to create challenges for business. Supported by our strong market position,
large client base and sustainable growth strategy, we will invest resources in enhancing efficiency,
acting swiftly on new business opportunities and deepening customer relationships to increase
value for shareholders.
Raymond Ch’ien Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 February 2017 