CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERSResults & Dividend This year we celebrate our 50th anniversary. I am pleased that we should break records in terms of turnover, profit and, if approved by shareholders, dividend both in absolute amounts as well as on a per 
Turnover for the year ended 30 June 2010 increased almost two times to HK$12,580 million while net profit attributable to shareholders leapt nearly four times to HK$12,404 million. Earnings per share likewise rose to HK$9.28.
When excluding revaluation gain and its deferred taxes and minority interests, underlying net profit advanced one and a half times to HK$3,695 million and the underlying earnings per share similarly increased to HK$2.76.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK57 cents per share which is 6% higher than last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be HK76 cents per share, an increase of 8% compared to that of the previous year.

A year ago in August, we sold through our major subsidiary Hang Lung Properties (HLP) 425 garden-facing apartments of The HarbourSide. For several years we had withheld from the market those units which totalled 525. We knew that unless a strong bull market was with us, we would not be able to part with a substantial number at the prices that we wanted. Selling a small percentage would not be a desirable outcome. We waited and our patience paid off. The profit margin achieved was highest for the development at about 70%. Management believed that the then existing demand for luxury housing in all of Hong Kong was basically exhausted. Now patience is again called for and we will exercise it with vigilance. We hope to catch the next cycle as well as we did 
In Hong Kong, that was the highlight of the year. For the Mainland, our most auspicious day came a month ago on 26 June. Our first shopping center outside of Shanghai was opened in Shenyang - - Palace 66. The design, both the exterior and the interior, is outstanding. So far China, I believe, has not seen that quality in terms of functionality and aesthetics. The high standard set will not only be a problem to our competitors; it will also be a challenge to ourselves. It raises the bar that we must strive to surpass on our 
The rest of the fiscal year seemed uneventful, but behind the scenes, much had happened.
First, through HLP we have moved forward in several cities on possible land acquisitions. Since the process is long and tedious, the lack of concluding transactions does not mean that progress has not been made.
Besides the municipalities that are already in the pipeline, we have added a few. Some of those we had visited in the past but for various reasons could not consummate a deal. But as those familiar with the Mainland know, things can change rapidly. A new mayor may bring fresh impetus and different policies. What was shunned before may now be welcomed, or the opposite. Land that we thought was lost to others may become available again. For instance, it is not uncommon that the buyer could not come up with the money. Indeed exactly that may be happening right now in one place. There are endless circumstances that make our land acquisition interesting and challenging. We should not give up on any city or perhaps even on any piece of land unless it is completely built out. While this may be exhausting if not exasperating to some, I find it rather intriguing.
Then there are still a number of metropolises that my colleagues and I have not visited, or even if visited, only have a cursory knowledge of. They are probably less exciting since the more dynamic cities were explored first. However, years of experience on the Mainland have taught us not to overestimate our own knowledge for we may be pleasantly surprised.
The other issue this year that has taken a lot of my time is management succession. Non-Executive Directors of your Board have taken the lead on this matter for which I am thankful. I will report in more detail in a later section of this Letter. Suffice it to say here that most people do not like changes for they bring uncertainties. I for one am not immune from it. However, certain changes are inevitable and they can become opportunities for advancement. I trust that the recent personnel movements are one 
Our Hong Kong rental business has performed acceptably with an increase of 5%. In Shanghai, retail sales, especially the high-end, were much stronger than I had expected and our rents relating thereto advanced by 24%. Income from our offices remained basically unchanged while those from serviced apartments fell slightly. The overall Mainland portfolio rose by 12%. Putting the two cities together, blended rate of rise was 8%. The Mainland now accounts for 46% of total rents received.

Just as in the past 20 months, this is a good time to buy commercial land on the Mainland. Due to the global economic crisis, residential land sales shrunk tremendously in the second half of 2008. Municipal governments which relied heavily on it for their revenue began to feel the pain and their attitude towards pricing changed considerably towards the end of that year. We ramped up ongoing negotiations and bought two pieces in May 2009, one each in Wuxi and Dalian.
We could not have succeeded if we had not been in discussion with the government for considerable time beforehand. Since invariably we put the piece of land together and present a developmental plan to city officials, they need time to study it. And even if they in principle agree to it, there are always a host of issues, many very complicated, that need to be worked out. Some of them can only be addressed by the government and so are out of our control. Others may never be resolved and we are forced to give up on that piece.
Years of hard work may come to nothing.
Another challenge is that regulations can be vague and their interpretation, arbitrary. Years ago mayors might have been able to alter rules with the stroke of a pen. Now it is much more difficult. This is a result of improved public governance which we should in principle welcome for it levels the playing field. Formerly unscrupulous developers could get away with things which we never contemplated let alone attempted. We were frankly put at a disadvantage for being ethical.
But as with most things in life, changes can cut both ways.
Certain issues now take longer to be resolved. The result is that the acquisition of a plot of land regularly takes several years to consummate. However, if we handle the process adequately, then the piece we buy with the associated developmental conditions will give the best chance of achieving the financial return that we want.
For a whole year since the first quarter of 2009, prices of Mainland residential land and of completed units kept rising. Records were made to be broken within months if not weeks or even days. That forced the central government to clamp down in mid April of this year. While home prices are only now beginning to fall, volume has already shrunk substantially. Only very few shrewd developers months ago cut prices to move inventory and are now beginning to buy land. Most were not as nimble. With diminishing cash inflow from sales and in the face of much uncertainty, these players will turn conservative. Less residential developers than otherwise will migrate to the commercial side as some did in 2007 thus leaving those lands for our picking.
Moreover, much of the high residential land prices recorded last year took place in selective areas - - such as Beijing and the Yangtze River Delta. Those cities received much money therefrom but for much of the vast country, local governments were not as fortunate. To make things worse, many of them have collateralized land to banks for loans. Any tightening in lending, often instigated by the Central Government, will put tremendous strain on their finances. They may have even greater incentive to sell commercial land when someone like us comes along with cash. If such a situation materializes, it will be a welcome repeat of end 2008 and beginning 2009.
Through our major subsidiary HLP we have been working tirelessly for some time with a number of those second tier cities. In more than one case, much of the developmental conditions have been agreed upon; even pricing is closed to being finalized. I trust that there will be something to report before fiscal year-end. As before, any acquisition will hopefully be value accretive.
As in the past 10 years, it is unlikely that we will buy land in Hong Kong any time soon. We consider the risk-reward profile here to be less favorable than that of the Mainland. Recently two pieces of residential land in Hong Kong were auctioned with each fetching over HK$10 billion. The purchaser may well make money but at what cost and with what risks? The total investment for each of them is sufficient to build four Shenyang Palace 66s. Provided that we can make those malls perform as well as our Shanghai ones, which we believe we can, then I will gladly leave the Hong Kong projects to our competitors. We will only buy in Hong Kong if land prices fall substantially. No one likes to see that including ourselves.
We are not bearish about Hong Kong - - far from it! Our economy will do fine given our proximity, both geographically and culturally, to mainland China. With that, real estate here should fare acceptably.
In the immediate term, there are many reasons for optimism such as low interest rates and an increase of Mainland purchasers. Some of these positive factors will likely stay with us for some time.
Consequently, housing and hence land are at present not cheap, and our record shows that we only buy when prices are down.
High home prices have been a hot topic in Hong Kong of late, yet the fundamental reason is simple. Consider this: whereas for the decade of the 1990 s average annual supply of residential land by the government was sufficient to build about 400,000 square meters of homes, it has dropped to below 200,000 square meters for the 2000 s.
Taking into consideration slower economic growth and whatever other less favorable conditions if they exist, the shrinkage is still severe.
Other sources of residential land were also inadequate.
A low level of supply for the first two years of this past decade might be understandable since we were still at the tail end of the Asian Financial Crisis. However, seven or eight years have since past, yet our government seemed to have been stuck in history. The tap was almost turned off completely - - in 2003 there was no government supply at all and in 2008, a meager 115 square meters, the equivalent of only an apartment or two! Given that, what can we expect of housing prices!? It would have been surprising if they did not rise, yet our society seemed to have forgotten the simplest of economics - - supply and demand. Perhaps top officials were afraid of a repeat of the horrifying fall in property prices that took place in 1997-2003. For sure years of negative equity was devastating to the economy but the intention to avoid it and land sales should not be mutually exclusive.
Years ago the Hong Kong Real Estate Developers Association pointed out this problem to our civil servants. Some even besought the government to regularly release more land, but words fell on deaf ears.
As a result, the annual number of completed units has fallen steadily from 30,000 in 2002 to barely 10,000 for the past three years. Last year it was less than 7,200.
As it turns out, all the fingers are pointing at the developers. As a company which has not bought land in Hong Kong for a decade and has long ago declared that our future is on the Mainland, we can perhaps be somewhat aloof. But we still like to see our property market develop healthily. It can be done - - having a near monopoly on land, the government should be able to manage prices by adjusting supply. Afterall, that is what the Singapore government has successfully practiced for years. However, a prerequisite for improvement is that society must be rational and calmly examine the facts. That, I fear, we lack. Emotional and impulsive words and actions will surely spoil our chances.
Our officials blame developers for not applying for land under the application system. The fact was that the minimal price set by the government which was never publicly disclosed was very high. So much so that with repeated applications by various developers, prices offered were never good enough. After a while, they stopped trying for it was futile. One should also be reminded that there is no guarantee the successful applicant will get the land, because it must then go through a public auction process. Because most local developers are short of land, prices would certainly be bidded up. But without a public contest, no market price could be established. In other words, market forces were deliberately not allowed to operate.
I suspect that among other reasons, the government was afraid of being accused of selling land cheaply. That I can sympathize with, for many of our politicians are either ignorant or are bent on stirring political trouble. The fact is that having been in the business here for almost 30 years, I have hardly seen the government sell land below market. There might have been more cases before 1997 but no one complained at the time. People dared not for there would have been consequences. And after our return to the Motherland, I can only remember one transaction. When that happened, all other developers rose up together to condemn the government. Moreover, if land was consistently sold cheaply, then Hang Lung which had not bought a single piece here for a decade would have been greatly disadvantaged. In that case, we would not have been so foolish as to stay out of the market. But to be fair, with the exception of that one instance, we were in no way mistreated. The game was basically fair. This means that the society s accusation was groundless. Such outright disregard of facts, if allowed to continue, will damage the normal functioning of our government. Unfortunately that seems to be the precise objective of many of our politicians.
Some in our community including certain media have an even more incredible accusation - - that developers have the propensity to construct luxury units. If that segment is more lucrative and given the opportunity, businessmen will of course build them. That is how the market works! But the accusers are conveniently forgetful of a fact which for decades has been common knowledge: namely whenever the government sells a piece of land, what and how much is permitted to be built is predetermined. For example, sales terms can dictate that each apartment cannot be larger than a prescribed size, a very limited number of car parks is allowed, and no clubhouse can be erected. How then could such products be sold as luxury units? Moreover, would potential purchasers of expensive homes buy in a district full of much cheaper housing? Certainly not! Whatever the case, under pressure from society, the government recently began to sell land. However, pieces offered were not of the right type. While it is of course acceptable to provide sites for highend products, many more should be released for mass residential use. The meager housing supply of the past few years already saw an increased percentage of expensive units - - apartments below 70 square meters each have fallen from an average of 74% of total annual supply for 2000 to 2007, to 57% in the past two years. This is not healthy. We need much more of the affordable kind.
Because our society has not recognized the root cause of the problem, everyone s attention is focused on the symptom.
Prescriptions introduced by the government address demand more than supply. Some of the measures should help improve practices of the industry which I welcome, but they will not resolve the fundamental issue. Only massive land supply of the right kind can very soon create rational expectation and lower home prices.
The government must bear the bulk of the responsibility for today s high price. But specific failures aside, one must be fair in assessing its overall performance. Compared to the many countries that I have dealt with in the past three decades, Hong Kong still has one of the best governments. What worries me much more are those who lightly and often unfairly blame civil servants for everything. Many of our politicians are bent on discrediting the government and in the process propagate half-truths. They are turning our society into an irrational one. As a result, to get things done in Hong Kong has become increasingly difficult.
But speaking selfishly, that matters less and less to us as all of our new businesses are north of the border. To be sure, the Mainland is not free of problems itself. In fact, they are daunting, but at least there is the promise of better financial returns.
Back to the more immediate: what profit figure we can achieve this fiscal year will as before depend on the opportunity for HLP to sell completed apartments in Hong Kong. We will watch the market carefully at all times.
Growth rates in rental will likely resemble those of last year for both Hong Kong and Shanghai. The contribution of Shenyang Palace 66 will not be spectacular in the first two to three years. That was our experience in Shanghai a decade ago and that is the nature of the business. The surge in rents should hopefully come when the first lease term is up. Over three quarters of the leases are three years or below; in fact 42% of total are two years.
After 32 years with the Company the last 18 of which as Managing Director, Mr. Nelson Yuen retired two weeks ago. The Company would not be where it is today without his dedication and skills.
On behalf of all shareholders, I thank him most sincerely. He has graciously agreed to become my Special Advisor until he rejoins the board as a Non-Executive Director at an appropriate time. In other words, the Company will continue to benefit from his loyal and uninterrupted service for years to come.
On 15 July, your Board appointed Mr. Philip Nan Lok Chen as Managing Director to succeed Nelson. I count it our good fortune to have attracted a man of Philip s caliber. For 33 years with its parent Company The Swire Group including serving as Chief Executive of its subsidiary Cathay Pacific Airways, Philip is known to be a skillful and sensible manager with a most personable style. His reputation as a highly ethical professional, like his first ever employer and now his second, is unquestioned. I warmly welcome him to the team.
On 14 July, our former Executive Director Mr. Terry Ng and I had agreed to amicably part ways. All paper work was finalized a week later. I wish him every success.
50 years ago on 13 September 1960, Mr. T.H. Chan founded this Company, then called Hang Lung Development Company Limited until 2001. It had a brilliant first decade which was followed by two quieter ones. In 1991, management was passed on to the present generation, but we did not regain the prominence of the 1960 s until the past several years. Our best days however are still ahead. With an appropriate corporate culture which began with our founder, good governance under an excellent board, and a superb and dedicated management team, we are entering our second 50 years stronger 
I want to take this opportunity to record my heartfelt gratitude to our many staff who have contributed to our renaissance. It is they who will bring us the even brighter future. I also want to thank our longstanding shareholders - - many have stayed with us for decades - - for your unwavering support. With my team, I pledge to work diligently and prudently to justify your trust.
Ronnie C. Chan 
