Chairman s Statement In a year in which the SARS outbreak provoked an unprecedented contraction in economic activity in Hong Kong, a relatively modest profit decline of 8% to HK$4,922 million reflects the underlying strength and resilience of the Swire Pacific group s businesses.
Having weathered the marked slowdown in passenger traffic during the second quarter, Cathay Pacific was well placed to benefit from the resurgence in travel demand that was seen from July onwards, and which continues in the current year. Swire Properties has also benefited from renewed consumer confidence, evident in the second half with strong sales of residential apartments at improved prices. The HK$1,247 million profit contribution from Beverages, Marine Services and Trading & Industrial interests was 33% up on the 
Directors have recommended final dividends of HK102.0 per A share and HK20.4 per B share. This, together with the interim dividends of HK32.0 per A share and HK6.4 per B share paid in October 2003, gives a total dividend for the year of HK134.0 per A share and HK26.8 per B share, 3.1% growth over 2002.
Scope of Activities Improved property trading profits and the contribution from sales of The Albany units compensated for declining rental income from the office portfolio. Whilst office occupancy levels fell during the year, the pick up in consumer confidence is beginning to filter through to the office leasing market and discussions continue with a number of potential tenants for Three Pacific Place, which will open early in the second half of this year.
As passenger traffic rebounded in the second half Cathay Pacific was quick to deploy additional capacity on existing long haul and regional trunk routes; this has had the added benefit of lowering unit costs, which reached a new low of HK$2.00 per ATK for the year, notwithstanding high fuel prices. Recovery in the passenger market, lower costs and robust cargo demand throughout the year helped Cathay Pacific to turn a first half loss into a full year contribution to Swire Pacific of HK$521 million. Hactl, together with HAECO and other associates, provided attributable profits of HK$323 million in 2003, 38% of the total Aviation 
Another year of double digit volume growth in Mainland China enabled the Beverages Division to contribute profits of HK$363 million, 32% ahead of the prior year. Extensions to the product range and further reductions in unit costs, combined with volume growth, have facilitated improved margins in Mainland China. Elsewhere profit contributions from our beverage interests in Hong Kong, Taiwan and the USA were similar to those of the prior year.
Conditions in the offshore oil support industry were relatively challenging in 2003, with exploration activity particularly depressed in the first half. Although new vessels commissioned during the year were successfully placed into term charters, overall returns fell slightly.
The Trading & Industrial Division reported record profits of HK$238 million in 2003, with all the major businesses performing well. Motor vehicle and sports apparel trading operations have successfully integrated new brands during the year, whilst our industrial interests in paints and can manufacturing both benefited from aggressive growth strategies in Mainland China.

Net cash inflows were again strong in 2003 with cash from operations and asset realisations, in particular from the sale of residential apartments, totalling HK$9,171 million. Net debt and gearing fell to HK$10,174 million and 14% respectively.
Undrawn committed and uncommitted facilities stood at HK$7,094 million and HK$2,577 million respectively.
Our A3 long-term debt rating from Moody s was reaffirmed during the year; Standard & Poor s placed us on negative outlook in April 2003 but reaffirmed their BBB+ rating.

A commitment to good corporate governance is central to our management philosophy. The key principles and values to which we aim to adhere, and the various measures by which the interests of shareholders and other stakeholders are safeguarded, are set out on pages 42 to 45. During the year we took further steps to enhance governance with the establishment of remuneration committees for each of the three listed companies within the Swire Pacific group.
In the interests of promoting higher standards of corporate governance, we became a member of the Asian Corporate 
Social & Environmental Responsibility The group is committed to acting in a socially responsible manner taking into account wider stakeholder interests.
Building on a corporate database of key performance measures, the group published an Environment, Health and Safety progress report. The group received a number of awards and was again included in the Dow Jones 
Rising consumer confidence evident in the second half of 2003 appears to be sustainable and should lead to strong GDP growth both in Hong Kong and the region in 2004.
This will help to improve returns from our retail interests and should lead, over time, to revitalised demand for office space, but in the short term it will not arrest the decline in net rental income. However, we remain confident that the market will recover in due course and justify investment in further building projects under consideration.
Cathay Pacific plans a significant increase in capacity in 2004, reflecting reinstatement of schedule reductions in place during the second quarter of 2003 and some further expansion. This will help offset the impact on unit costs of high fuel prices. The airline is now very well positioned to benefit from continued passenger and cargo traffic growth across Asia and the prospect of additional services to Mainland China. Our other aviation interests are also likely to benefit from a combination of strong traffic growth at the Hong Kong International Airport and a broad recovery in demand for aircraft maintenance services.
Our Mainland China beverage operations will benefit from rising per capita income, new product offerings and better purchasing and distribution strategies following the recent establishment of a supply chain management company in Mainland China in joint venture with The Coca-Cola Company. The offshore oil support market is likely to remain keenly competitive in the near future as demand growth has yet to absorb new supply. Trading & Industrial interests look set for another good year.
Hong Kong, recovering from a period of prolonged deflation, will benefit from closer integration with the rapidly developing Mainland China economy. We remain optimistic about the prospects for further growth and new investment opportunities presented by these developments.

Hong Kong, 11th March 2004 
