We are confident that Hysan is uniquely placed to capture opportunities as Hong Kong benefits from the continuing development of China.

We anticipated a challenging 2015 but the year turned out to be far more volatile and difficult than expected. Crashing oil prices and a noticeably slowing Chinese economy together with alarming worldwide geopolitical issues were only some of the dark clouds that gathered. In a local context, the decline in retail sales, especially in the luxury sector, gathered pace. Although largely expected in a climate of adjustment, there were a number of structural changes that affected spending patterns and shopper mix.
The softer retail market was helped by a stronger commercial office market which was in turn aided by tight supply and demands from Chinese financial institutions. Overall, 2015 was a tale of two halves. In the second half, China s slowing economic growth, the depreciation of the Yuan and weaker and volatile equity markets had an immediate and direct impact on Hong Kong.
We enter 2016 with a continued commitment to build on our already well diversified, unique and well curated portfolio. Our balance sheet strength and our dynamic capital management will place us in a strong position to face the headwinds of the coming year.
Just as importantly, they will enable us to seek opportunities to make Hysan an even 
The Group s 2015 turnover was HK$3,430 million, up 6.4% from HK$3,224 million in 2014.
At year-end 2015, our retail portfolio was fully-let. Occupancy of our office portfolio was 99%, while that of the residential portfolio was 89%.
Recurring Underlying Profit, our key core leasing business performance indicator, and Underlying Profit, were both HK$2,283 million (both up 5.5% from HK$2,163 million in 2014). These performances primarily reflected the continued improvement in gross profit generated from our retail and office leasing activities. Basic earnings per share based on Recurring Underlying Profit was HK214.83 cents (2014: HK203.34 cents), up 5.7%.
Our Reported Profit for 2015 was HK$2,903 million (2014: HK$4,902 million), down 40.8%.
This reflected a smaller fair value gain on the Group s investment properties valuation recorded this year. At year-end 2015, the external valuation of the Group s investment property portfolio increased by 1.6% to HK$69,810 million (2014: HK$68,735 million). This in part reflected the more efficient design for Lee Garden Three, finalised in Q4 2015, as compared to the earlier valuation based on more generic assumptions. The higher external valuation also reflected improved rental rates for the Group s office investment property portfolio. Shareholders Fund increased by 1.7% to HK$68,172 million (2014: HK$67,040 
Our financial position remains strong, with net interest coverage of 19.5 times (2014: 17.1 times) and net debt to equity ratio of 3.0% (2014: 4.2%).

The Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to declare a second interim dividend of HK107 cents per share (2014: HK100 cents). Together with the first interim dividend of HK25 cents per share (2014: HK23 cents), the total distribution is HK132 cents per share (2014: HK123 cents), representing a year-on-year increase of 7.3%. The dividend will be payable in cash.
Hysan announced its first share repurchase since 2007 in August 2015, as part of our commitment to dynamic capital management. 6.75 million shares were repurchased during the year. Such repurchases should further enhance shareholders value, which will include the associated improvement in net asset value and earnings per share. We will closely monitor the market and may continue our share repurchase during 2016.
Resilience and Flexibility The challenging socio-political and global economic and financial conditions in 2015 will continue into 2016 and create even greater uncertainty. This will be reflected in lower consumer confidence, as reflected in dollars spent, and also in the frequency of visits and 
The Yuan, while lower compared to the US dollar and against the pegged Hong Kong dollar, is still strong compared to most other currencies. Increasingly sophisticated Chinese tourists are more interested in visiting and spending their relatively strong Yuan in Europe and other Asian destinations such as Japan.
Luxury retail had a challenging 2015. Hysan witnessed slower sales in this sector. Since we anticipated that the market would normalise after strong growth during the past decade, we committed to a strategy of diversification by pivoting our portfolio towards the mid-to-affordable market and we leveraged on our leading position in children s offerings and in sport and lifestyle products.
Hysan continues to build on and fine-tune the clear positioning of our three hubs. Each hub represents approximately one-third of our portfolio in size. Our well balanced and diversified portfolio forms the platform for our retail strategy and will position Hysan well to meet the 
Building upon a base that caters for a wider group of consumers, we have also maintained our commitment to provide a unique and satisfying experience to our tenants, shoppers and other visitors. For us, it is simply not enough to meet our customers expectations. We strive to give experiences that delight and surprise our stakeholders expectations through creativity, resourcefulness, professionalism, strong teamwork and the swift action of everyone in the Hysan team.
Our strategy to exceed expectations began with the enhancement of diversity in our retail tenant mix. In recent years, we have built a retail portfolio anchored by more than 20 flagship stores covering a range of products and price points. By adding a significant number of health and leisure brands and their products targeting different segments of customers, both Hysan Place and the Lee Theatre hub have developed a more sporty look and feel that appeals to those members of our society, both young and young-at-heart, who focus on health and work-life balance.
Food and beverage (F&B) is an increasingly vital and integral part of retailing. Hysan ensures a flow of new concepts which appeal to consumers increasing sophistication and demands for all things original and exciting. Our F&B offering covers a range of price points which attracts casual, chic, professional and business diners as well as family gatherings.
There are seven Michelin-starred or -recommended F&B outlets in the Hysan portfolio. Our reputation as a foodie haven enhances our profile as a leisure venue that goes beyond 
We continued to devote significant resources to stage unique promotional activities and programmes to increase foot traffic. Against a generally weak retail environment, the annual foot traffic for the Hysan portfolio increased by around 5% in 2015 as compared to 2014. We differentiated from other shopping malls, which also significantly stepped up their promotional activities, by working closely with our tenants to create targeted promotions to support their marketing strategies.
Finally, we have further enhanced our customer service on all fronts. We clearly understand that a commercial property owner s attention should not end with its tenants, but also focus on those who frequent its shops. As part of our drive to create positive customer experiences, our initiatives have included continuous refinement of the Club Avenue V.I.P.
service, new events for our ever-popular Kids Zone programmes, and a new and enhanced training setup for our front-line property management personnel.
Our clustering in the prime commercial district of Causeway Bay is a unique advantage. This geographic concentration in one area powers and magnifies the effects of our diverse tenant mix, our varied F&B offering, our significant number of flagship stores, our popular promotional activities and our consistent and renowned customer service. We intend to maintain a holistic approach to our portfolio in order to deliver a brand with a quality and experience which is unique to .
In 2015, our office portfolio continued to benefit from the significant demand for premium office space by financial and related industries in Hong Kong. Whereas Mainland Chinese securities and financial companies continued to take up the available limited supply of space in the core central districts, other industries have looked towards Causeway Bay in general, and Lee Gardens in particular, as a strong alternative to core central areas because of our excellent facilities, amenities and transport ties.
A recent survey conducted by Hong Kong s Community Business reiterated that commuting convenience, good workplace facilities and the availability of nearby shops, restaurants and entertainment are local workers most important criteria in achieving work-life balance. We take pride in the fact that our office portfolio offers all these attractions in abundance.
Moreover, Lee Gardens Offices maintains a significant edge in cost effectiveness as compared to other core areas like Central and Admiralty.
The Lee Garden Three redevelopment is progressing well and is on schedule to be completed in late 2017, slightly earlier than the original estimated date of 2018. A major feature of this project is the addition of around 200 parking spaces. These will further channel shoppers with cars into our portfolio, and will significantly alleviate the parking issues experienced in Causeway Bay.
On the environmental and community fronts, Lee Garden One s office portion was a proud recipient of a provisional BEAM Plus Platinum Certification for existing buildings, Hong Kong s first commercial building s offices to be on the way to achieving this significant green building standard. We are also delighted to report that our RE:SHARE A WISH Xmas Baubles upcycling programme raised more than HK$1.1 million for Save the Children through the sales of limited-edition designer baubles made from recycled water bottles.

As the world s most visited city, we are confident that Hong Kong will remain relevant and vital, in its own right and as a part of an increasingly outward looking China. 2016 will see continued adjustments, particularly in the high end retail sector, while volatility in the currency and equity markets and a slower China growth will contribute to a challenging year.
Hysan prides itself on a deep understanding of and commitment to Hong Kong, especially the commercial heart of Causeway Bay. It is important to recognise the resilience that our diversified and balanced portfolio and our balance sheet strength provide. We are confident that Hysan is uniquely placed to capture opportunities as Hong Kong benefits from the continuing development of China. We anticipate our Group will deliver another year of 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our management team and colleagues for all their commitment and hard work in 2015. I would also like to thank my fellow directors for their advice throughout the year. My special thanks to Mr. Nicholas Charles ALLEN, who is stepping down from the Board upon the conclusion of our annual general meeting in May.
Nick joined Hysan as an Independent non-executive Director back in November 2009. I am grateful for his wise counsel and diligent work as Chairman of the Audit Committee. I would also like to thank Ms. Wendy Wen Yee YUNG, our Executive Director from April 2008 until October 2015, for all her contributions to Hysan, and wish her every success in her future 
Irene Yun Lien LEE 
