Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to present my report to the shareholders.
Results
The Group’s underlying profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders for
the year ended 30 June 2017, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on
investment properties, amounted to HK$25,965 million, compared to
HK$24,170 million last year. Underlying earnings per share were HK$8.97,
compared to HK$8.37 last year.
Reported profit and reported earnings per share attributable to the Company’s
shareholders were HK$41,782 million and HK$14.43 respectively, compared to
HK$32,666 million and HK$11.31 last year. The reported profit included an
increase in fair value of investment properties net of deferred taxation and
non-controlling interests of HK$16,851 million, compared to HK$8,870 million
last year.
Dividend
The directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$3.00
per share for the year ended 30 June 2017. The dividend will be payable on
23 November 2017. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.10 per share,
the dividend for the full year will be HK$4.10 per share, an increase of 6.5%
from last year.
Business Review
Property Sales and Rental Income
Property Sales
Revenue from property sales for the year under
review as recorded in the financial statements,
including revenue from joint-venture projects,
amounted to HK$38,629 million. Profit generated
from property sales was HK$11,917 million, as
compared to HK$11,701 million in the last
financial year. The Group achieved record
contracted sales of about HK$52,400 million for
the year in attributable terms.
Rental Income
Gross rental income, including contributions
from joint-venture projects, rose 4% year-on-year
to HK$21,897 million while net rental
income increased by 4% year-on-year to
HK$17,142 million. The Group continued to
register rent increases for new leases and
renewals during the year. Contributions from new
investment properties, primarily on the mainland,
further boosted the solid rental income.
Property Business – Hong Kong
Land Bank
During the year under review, the Group added two sites to its land bank
through government tender and land use conversion, providing a total of 2.8
million square feet of gross floor area. The 434,000-square-foot residential site
in Sha Tin acquired through government tender will be developed into stylish
and luxury residences with diverse layouts, replete with rich greenery. The
Group also completed in May the land use conversion with premium paid for a site in Tuen Mun which is only about a fiveminute
drive to MTR Siu Hong Station. With a
gross floor area of about 2.3 million square feet,
this site will be developed into a residential
enclave comprising mainly small- to mediumsized
units. Details of the sites added during the
year are shown in the table below.
These new acquisitions brought the Group’s land bank in Hong Kong,
inclusive of completed properties pending for sale, to 51.8 million square feet
of attributable gross floor area as at the end of June 2017, of which 19.6 million
square feet were properties under development and 29.8 million square feet
were completed properties for rental purpose. This compared to 51.4 million
square feet a year ago using the same basis of calculation.Despite the increasingly competitive land sales
market, the Group continues to replenish its
development land bank through various means,
including actively participating in public tenders
and land use conversions when appropriate
opportunities arise. After the financial year end,
the premium for converting various agricultural
lots in Shap Sz Heung into residential use was
settled at a reasonable level. The project will
entail substantial additional infrastructure
expenditure during the development process 
and a long development period of over eight years. Nestled in a picturesque
suburb away from town centres and the mass transit network, the site with a
gross floor area of nearly 4.8 million square feet will be developed into a large
residential cluster in phases. The Group will continue to make active efforts to
convert its existing agricultural lands of over 28 million square feet in terms of
site area, which are in various stages of land use conversion, into buildable
lands.
Property Development
Homebuyers’ confidence remained solid, buoyed by record land prices, low
mortgage rates, healthy economic conditions and relatively positive
demographics in the city. Demand for residential properties was mainly driven
by end-users. Sales in the primary market have been encouraging with record
sales values for the year to date. While the supply of new projects has been
increasing, the Government’s stringent restrictive measures continued to
constrain activities in the residential market, especially in the secondary
market.
The Group’s dedication to premium quality and customer-oriented services
has made its projects the preferred choice for homebuyers. To satisfy the everchanging
market preferences and customer expectations, the Group always
takes initiatives to add value to its projects at all
stages of the development, from practical layout
designs with a proper flat mix to quality finishes
and after-sale service. The impressive sales
response to new launches has demonstrated
customers’ recognition of the Group and further
strengthened its leading position in the market.
The Group achieved remarkable sales results
for Hong Kong properties, with contracted
sales in attributable terms amounting to about
HK$44,700 million for the year under review. This
was mainly contributed by a wide range of highquality
residences spanning various locations of
the territory with easy access to public transport,
including Cullinan West atop MTR Nam Cheong
Station, Grand YOHO and PARK YOHO
developments in Yuen Long, the first phase of
Ultima in Ho Man Tin, Eight Regency in Tuen Mun,
Ocean Wings in Tseung Kwan O South, and Lime
Gala in Shau Kei Wan.
During the financial year, the Group completed eight projects with 4.1 million
square feet of attributable gross floor area in Hong Kong. Of this, over three
million square feet were residential properties for sale, some of which are yet
to be put on the market. About 825,000 square feet were non-residential 
properties retained for long-term investment.
Details of the projects are shown in the following
table.
Property Investment
With over 29 million square feet of completed investment properties, mostly
high-quality retail and office space, the Group’s rental business in Hong Kong
delivered a healthy performance during the year. Gross rental income from
Hong Kong, including contributions from joint-venture projects, rose by 4% to
HK$17,439 million, primarily attributable to higher rents for new leases and
renewals. Overall occupancy also remained high at around 95%. The Group
additionally owns over three million square feet of investment properties
under development.
Retail portfolio
Hong Kong’s retail market showed signs of improvement. The Group’s retail
rental business continued to perform well during the year with positive rental
reversions and sustained high occupancy. This is largely attributable to its
consistent and proactive approach in managing its quality retail portfolio
totalling over 11 million square feet of gross floor area. The Group also
leverages new technologies such as mobile apps to create a more refreshing
shopping experience and establish synergies among its malls. This, together
with tenant mix refinements and asset enhancement initiatives, will further
strengthen the rental value of the Group’s portfolio, as well as its brand in the
shopping mall industry.
Representing one of the Group’s latest developments, the 1.1-million-squarefoot
YOHO Mall comprises YOHO Mall I and II, the 450,000-square-foot
extension of YOHO Mall I and future retail space of 107,000 square feet at the
Yuen Long Station Development. During the year, YOHO Mall I and II delivered
encouraging performance and have seen stronger footfall since the opening 
of YOHO I Extension in July 2017. With 300-plus
outlets of fashion, cosmetics, kids’ products,
lifestyle superstores and the region’s biggest
collection of food and beverages complete with
an IMAX cinema and an outdoor park, YOHO Mall
provides customers with a whole new shopping
and leisure experience and has turned the vicinity
into a vibrant community. Supported further by
its direct connection to a major transportation
network, YOHO Mall boasts a large catchment
area and has become a leading retail hotspot in
northwest New Territories.
The PopWalk retail cluster in Tseung Kwan O
South covers about 240,000 square feet of retail
space, including the 66,000-square-foot PopWalk
already in operation, the newly opened
95,000-square-foot PopWalk 2 and 3 and the
80,000-square-foot Ocean PopWalk currently
under development. With diversified tenants and
offerings, the retail cluster fulfils daily needs of the
people in the neighbourhood. Ocean PopWalk,
representing the last phase of PopWalk, is
scheduled to open in early 2019 and pre-leasing
is under way
With an approximate area of 145,000 square feet, Harbour North is the retail
portion of the Group’s development projects on North Point waterfront,
providing a wide range of international cuisine, leisure brands and lifestyle
offerings. Scheduled to open in late 2018, the first phase of some 7,000-squarefoot
street-level shops is expected to revitalize the respective portion of Java
Road. The second phase will have a gross floor area of about 138,000 square
feet. Harbour North will feature an al fresco dining area for shoppers to enjoy a
moment of tranquility complemented by spectacular harbour views. The mall
is set to synergize with the adjacent Hotel Vic, which will offer around 70,000
square feet of retail space, as well as the Victoria Harbour residences within
the integrated development, injecting new energy into Island East.
Sitting atop the only interchange for the Tung Chung Line and West Rail Line,
the 300,000-square-foot mall of Nam Cheong Station Development is just one
station along West Rail away from the future Express Rail Link (HK section)
terminus. Such transport convenience is anticipated to bring in more shoppers
from near and far. With its wide selection of shops and premium leisure
facilities, the mall is poised to become a new shopping destination in the
region upon its scheduled opening in mid 2019. Pre-marketing is under way
with positive response.
Positive developments were observed in the Group’s major malls during the
year under review. The Sun Arcade was fully let and recorded a pickup in retail
sales. IFC Mall was also nearly fully let with positive rental reversions.
Supported by resilient domestic consumption, the Group’s regional malls,
including APM, Tsuen Wan Plaza and V City, also continued to perform well.
During the year, several shopping malls of the Group were under phased
renovation. The outdoor piazza at Metroplaza in Kwai Fong will introduce new
features, which are expected to attract family shoppers and increase traffic
upon completion of its renovation. At New Town Plaza in Sha Tin, new layouts
will be introduced at Phase III to accommodate a refined tenant mix while a 
PopWalk has a diverse mix of tenants catering to the rising number of young
families in Tseung Kwan O
IFC in Hong Kong’s Central core is a magnet for
prestigious international financial institutions
new deluxe cinema with seven houses in Phase I
is scheduled to open in the second half of 2018.
At APM in Kwun Tong, the conversion of over
150,000 square feet of office area in the same
tower into retail space is progressing well.Office portfolio
Leasing demand for grade-A offices in Hong Kong
is supported by the growing momentum of the
local economy and its role as a world-class
business hub. With its well-recognized brand, the
Group’s portfolio of about 10 million square feet
of premium offices continued to bolster its
leading position during the year, delivering
promising results with high occupancy and
positive rental reversions.
Supported by its premium brand, the iconic International Finance Centre (IFC)
maintained its leading position in the market. The virtually fully let office
towers recorded a rise in rental income, partly attributable to the scarcity of
prime office supply in the core financial district. IFC continued to be the
preferred choice for respected financial institutions from around the globe
including those from the mainland.
International Commerce Centre (ICC), the Group’s another signature project,
upheld its commanding position with top quality and excellent specifications.
Sitting in a strategic location, which will be reinforced by the targeted
completion of the high-speed rail link in the third quarter of 2018 and the
emerging West Kowloon Cultural District, ICC is poised to capitalize on the
increasing vibrancy of the area. ICC is also a much sought-after address for
multinational and mainland corporations. During the year, the office
skyscraper was almost fully let and recorded higher rents driven by its robust
demand.
Supported by its high specifications with large floor plates and close proximity
to MTR stations, the Millennium City cluster continues to attract solid demand
from high-quality tenants despite an increasing supply of strata-titled offices in
Kowloon East. During the year, the office cluster continued to record high
occupancy with positive rental reversions. Millennium City will achieve greater
synergy in the area with the inclusion of the 98 How Ming Street development,
of which the Group owns an effective stake of about 68%, into the Group’s
commercial portfolio in Kowloon East. This new commercial project has a gross
floor area of about 1.2 million square feet, a majority of which is planned for
office usage. The remainder will be developed into a premium shopping mall.
The Group’s other premium offices such as Sun
Hung Kai Centre and Central Plaza in Wan Chai,
Grand Century Place in Mong Kok, Grand Central
Plaza in Sha Tin and Metroplaza in Kwai Fong also
performed well. These office developments,
marked by diversified and resilient tenant bases,
were able to achieve high occupancies and
steady rental increases.
Central Plaza will embark on another phase of
refurbishment following the completion of the
first phase of renovation in late 2016. A revamp
for Grand Central Plaza also started and is
progressing on track. Looking ahead, the Group’s
effort in asset enhancement will further
strengthen its premium brand as well as rental
value through raising premises quality and
customer satisfaction.
Property Business – Mainland
Land Bank
As at 30 June 2017, the Group’s total land bank
on the mainland, inclusive of completed
properties pending for sale, totalled 66.5 million
square feet of attributable gross floor area, as
compared to 71.2 million square feet a year ago
using the same basis of calculation. About 12.8
million square feet were completed investment
properties retained for rental purpose, which are
primarily signature integrated projects in strategic
locations in Shanghai, Guangzhou and Beijing.
Properties under development added up to 52.6
million square feet, a majority of which has been
earmarked for developing quality residences. The
Group will maintain a selective and focused
approach to exploring investment opportunities
in first-tier cities.
Property Development
Following strong growth in both home prices and transaction volumes last
year, the mainland residential market has cooled off with prices being reined
in and transaction volumes reduced due to effective regulatory measures.
Such measures should help sustain a healthy housing market and operating
environment over the medium-to-long term. Land market sentiments
remained positive, with developers still eager to replenish their land banks.
The Group achieved attributable contracted sales of about RMB6,800 million
on the mainland during the year under review. Major contributors included
luxury residential units in the wholly-owned Shanghai Arch, which is set in a
prestigious location adjacent to Little Lujiazui in Shanghai, and premium
condominiums in Phase 2 of the 70%-owned Forest Hills ideally located in the
north Tianhe business hub of Guangzhou. Two office projects situated in the
prime business districts of Guangzhou, the 70%-owned GCC and 
The GCC office in the busy Tianhe North business
district in Guangzhou has the advantage of being
close to the Guangzhou East Railway Station
33.3%-owned Top Plaza East Tower, were also
well received by the market.The Group’s brand name has become increasingly
respected with the delivery of various premium
projects in key cities. During the year, the Group
completed 5.2 million square feet of attributable
gross floor area, of which about 833,000 square
feet were non-residential properties for long-term
investment. The superior building quality of these
projects and the Group’s attentive after-sale
service were highly praised by buyers. Projects
completed during the year are shown in the
following table.
Property Investment
Following years of expansion, the Group’s completed investment property
portfolio on the mainland reached 12.8 million square feet as at the end of
June 2017, contributing to a notable portion of the Group’s total rental
income. For the year under review, gross rental income from the mainland,
including contributions from joint-venture projects, grew by 12% to RMB3,321
million. Such healthy growth was mainly due to positive rental reversions and
additional contributions from new investment properties. In addition, the
Group will complete about 12 million square feet of investment properties
under development in the next five to six years.
The wholly-owned ITC is located at the heart of Xujiahui, which has been
upgraded to become a core business district in Shanghai with enormous
potential for future growth. With grade-A offices, premium shopping malls
and a luxury hotel to fill up its 7.6 million square feet of gross floor area, ITC
also takes advantage of its direct access to Xujiahui metro station – the
junction of three existing lines and two future lines that underscores its
transport convenience. The mega project is being developed into a new
landmark in the city, bolstering the Group’s strong presence in Shanghai.
Shanghai IFC Mall is a renowned upscale mall in the city and a pull for locals and
foreign visitors
Innovative promotions at Shanghai IAPM are a big
draw for international retailers and people seeking a
trendy lifestyle
One ITC, Phase 1 of the project, was completed
during the year with office tenants gradually
moving in. Its 170,000-square-foot offices in two
towers have attracted keen interest from
multinational corporations from different sectors.
One ITC will additionally provide an upscale
340,000-square-foot mall, of which the premarketing
has received encouraging response
from international luxury brands and dining
outlets. The second phase of ITC, comprising
320,000 square feet of offices and 43,000 square
feet of retail space, is scheduled for completion in
the second half of 2018. Pre-leasing for its offices
has drawn positive response. Construction of the
remaining phases is under way, one of which
comprising a 2.5-million-square-foot mall, two
office towers including a 370-metre-skyscraper
plus a five-star hotel will represent the most
striking part of ITC. The mega development is
planned for full completion by late 2023.
IGC in Guangzhou houses a variety of fashion retailers and popular eateries, some
of which are new to the city
The integrated Nanjing IFC project located in the Hexi CBD is also under
development. With a gross floor area of 3.4 million square feet, the complex
will benefit from its direct connection to a metro station sitting along two
lines. The project is targeted for full completion in 2020. Pre-marketing for its
two-million-square-foot offices in two towers and a one-million-square-foot
mall is under way. The positioning of the upmarket mall will resemble the
Shanghai IFC Mall. Upon completion, ITC in Shanghai and Nanjing IFC are
expected to significantly drive the Group’s future rental income growth.
The Group’s premium brand and reputation have been increasingly
recognized on the mainland following the successful presence of Shanghai
IFC and Shanghai ICC. The fully let Shanghai IFC Mall in Little Lujiazui recorded
notable growth in tenant sales and rental reversions. It has become even more
accessible after two pedestrian tunnels connecting to nearby buildings
opened during the year. The Group’s office space at Shanghai IFC was almost
fully let with positive rental reversions.
Shanghai ICC in the Puxi commercial area represents another landmark of the
Group in the city. IAPM continues to avail itself of new technologies and
promotional events to increase shoppers’ engagement. Visitor traffic has been
driven by the opening of its podium garden on Nanchang Road in early 2017.
The two office towers atop IAPM continued to draw demand from diverse
tenants. During the year, One ICC was virtually fully occupied with decent
rental reversions. Two ICC is now 90% leased and its occupancy is expected to
go up.
With the opening of IGC and Parc Central in
Guangzhou last year, the Group has expanded its
retail network to another first-tier city on the
mainland. Both of the malls saw traffic and tenant
sales ramping up steadily. A direct connection
between the one-million-square-foot IGC, of
which the Group has a 33.3% interest, and Liede
metro station in Zhujiang New Town was opened
this year, ensuring easy accessibility. Located in
the Tianhe commercial hub, the 50%-owned
900,000-square-foot Parc Central has attracted
considerable attention through its cutting-edge
design and distinctive shopping concept in an
urban park.
Situated at the core of Wangfujing, Beijing APM
recorded healthy growth in tenant sales and
positive rental reversions during the year.
Targeting middle-class families, the mall brought
in affordable luxury brands to boost its allure. As
part of its plan to enhance the internal layout and
shopper experience, the mall will introduce a new
sports zone in the second half of 2017.Other Businesses
Hotels
The operating environment of Hong Kong’s hospitality industry has shown
some signs of improvement. During the year under review, the Group’s hotels
in Hong Kong achieved satisfactory results with modest earnings growth.
Room revenue slightly increased while the food and beverage business also
fared well, supported mainly by the hotels’ renowned restaurants and solid
consumer spending.
The Group’s deluxe hotels delivered satisfactory performance and maintained
their status as market leaders in the luxury sector. Occupancies of Four
Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, The Ritz-Carlton, Hong Kong and W Hong Kong
increased moderately, attributed primarily to their proper sales tactics. The
Crowne Plaza Hong Kong Kowloon East and the Holiday Inn Express Hong
Kong Kowloon East recorded respectable revenue growth, driven not only by
their reputation as one of the top picks for MICE events, but also by an
increasing number of repeat guests and business travellers. Meanwhile,
occupancy of the Group’s four Royal brand hotels reached over 95%.
As part of the Group’s integrated development on North Point waterfront,
Hotel Vic is scheduled to open in the first half of 2018. Preparation work for its
inauguration is progressing smoothly. With its seasoned management team,
modern and trendy facilities along with a spectacular view of Victoria Harbour,
the hotel is expected to provide a luxury living experience at reasonable
prices. Another new quality hotel in Sha Tin, a sister project of Royal Park Hotel,
is targeted to open in the first half of 2019. The new hotels will further expand
the Group’s hospitality network and help boost its recurrent income over time.
The Ritz-Carlton Shanghai, Pudong upheld its
leading position in Shanghai’s luxury hotel
market. During the year, the hotel registered
steady growth in both occupancy and room rates
while its food and beverage business also
performed well. With its prestigious location,
excellent service and well-recognized brand, the
hotel is well positioned to capture growth
opportunities arising from Shanghai’s position as
a major business hub and travel destination. The
Group’s two joint-venture hotel projects on the
mainland, namely Park Hyatt Hangzhou and
Conrad Guangzhou, have been operating
smoothly since their recent openings. The
construction of Four Seasons Hotel in Suzhou is
under way.
Telecommunications and Information
Technology
SmarTone
During the year under review, SmarTone has
maintained a stable net local mobile service
revenue and achieved an increase in the number
of customers in spite of greater competition in
the industry. Nonetheless, structural changes in
the roaming and handset trading businesses, as
well as rising spectrum costs have contributed to
a decline in net profit. The external market is likely
to remain difficult. Despite such challenges, the
company will continue to improve its customer
propositions by targeting different market
segments with tailored services and offerings.
Combined with its continued focus on delivering
excellent customer experience and extending
technological leadership, SmarTone is well placed
to weather challenges and capitalize on future
opportunities. The Group remains confident in
SmarTone’s prospects and will continue to hold
the company as a long-term investment.SUNeVision recorded healthy growth for the year under review. The
company’s core business in data centre iAdvantage continued to deliver
promising results. The MEGA-i data centre in Chai Wan remains a prominent
connectivity hub in Hong Kong. In view of a surge in data usage driven by
continued growth in digitization and cloud computing, the company has
invested in new facilities and optimized existing infrastructure to meet
growing customer needs. The company’s latest development in Tseung Kwan
O, MEGA Plus, is the first facility in Hong Kong built on dedicated land for data
centre usage. The development was already completed and is now ready for
service. MEGA TWO in Sha Tin is also in the final stage of transforming itself
into a fully dedicated data centre facility. The company is committed to
providing superior infrastructure and service to its customers, and achieving
sustained profitability.
Infrastructure and Other Businesses
The Group’s infrastructure and transport businesses continued to see
satisfactory performance during the year. Traffic on Route 3 (Country Park
Section) remained steady while the Wilson Group continued to deliver stable
performance. Business at the Hong Kong Business Aviation Centre was
supported by good demand, but the keen competition for flight slots has
posed challenges to its operations. The Airport Freight Forwarding Centre
continued to perform well on the back of a pickup in the air cargo shipment
market and sustained demand for modern warehouse space. Performance of
the River Trade Terminal also continued to improve, resulting from its efforts
to enhance operational efficiency and renew business models. In addition to
expanding its network in the territory, YATA enhanced its performance by
offering a better shopping experience at existing stores to keep up with
changing customer needs.
Corporate Finance
The Group continues to adopt a prudent financial
management approach which has been part and
parcel of its success over the years. For the year
under review, the Group has consistently
maintained a low gearing and high liquidity. As at
30 June 2017, the Group’s net debt to
shareholders’ funds recorded a low 7.2% while its
interest coverage reached a high of 14.2 times.
This strong financial position enables the Group
to weather unanticipated challenges in an everchanging
environment.
During the year, the Group has been affirmed
ratings of A1 by Moody’s and A+ by Standard &
Poor’s with stable outlook from both, reflecting
again its strong financial position. Such ratings
continued to be the highest among real estate
companies in Hong Kong.
With strong support from the banking
community, the Group arranged a HK$22,000
million 5-year syndicated loan at competitive
terms in March 2017. The financing arrangement
was in line with the Group’s policy of extending
debt maturity and procuring abundant undrawn
committed banking facilities for its business
development. On the mainland, a RMB3,700
million 5-year syndicated loan was arranged for
the Group’s Shanghai IFC project in January 2017
for refinancing purpose.
Apart from plentiful liquidity from banks, the Group leverages capital markets
to diversify its funding sources with various financial instruments. In May 2017,
the Group issued US$500 million Perpetual Capital Securities with a Fixed-forlife
coupon rate of 4.45%, drawing overwhelming subscription response. The
Group additionally issued a total of HK$1,935 million 10-year bond under its
Medium Term Note Programme during the year under review, followed by
another HK$950 million 7-year bond and HK$1,043 million 10-year bond
issued after the end of the financial year. The US$775 million 3.5% 5-year bond
and US$264.3 million 5.375% 10-year bond were redeemed in full upon
maturity in November 2016 and March 2017 respectively.
The majority of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in Hong Kong
dollars with the remainder mostly in US dollars and Renminbi, and the
exposure to foreign exchange risk is therefore small. To fund the construction
expenditures of mainland projects, the Group continues to utilize internal cash
generated from mainland operations as well as onshore bank loans. As in years
past, the Group has not been exposed to any derivatives or structured
products for speculative purpose.
Corporate Governance
The Group has upheld its high standards of corporate governance with an
effective Board of Directors, well-developed risk management and internal
control system, as well as a proactive investor relations programme.
The Board directs and approves the Group’s
overall strategies with the support of Board
Committees. The 11-member Executive
Committee meets regularly to formulate policies
and make key business decisions. The
Remuneration, the Nomination, and the Audit
and Risk Management Committees are all chaired
by Independent Non-Executive Directors to
ensure proper implementation of the Group’s
strategies. The Board also maintains and
consistently assesses the effectiveness of the risk
management and internal control system by
evaluating reviews performed by the Audit and
Risk Management Committee, the management
and both internal and external auditors. These
sound systems and rigorous internal controls are
aimed at safeguarding the Group’s assets and the
interests of its shareholders.
The Group places great importance on interactive
communications with its multiple stakeholders
and provides them with corporate information on
a timely basis through various channels to
maintain a high level of transparency. In addition
to frequent meetings, other initiatives to keep
stakeholders abreast of the Group’s strategies and
businesses include participating in large-scale
conferences and staging non-deal overseas
roadshows.
The Group received various major awards from
leading financial publications for its ongoing
effort in corporate governance during the year,
including Best Mixed Developer in the Global,
Asia, China and Hong Kong categories as well as
Hong Kong’s Best Overall Developer from
Euromoney magazine. The Group also earned the
title of Asia’s Best Real Estate Company and Hong
Kong’s Best Managed Company from FinanceAsia
magazine. Other accolades included Hong Kong’s
Best Investor Relations Company and Best
Corporate Communications from Corporate
Governance Asia magazine.The Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong Cyclothon draws cyclists from all over the
world to exercise for good
Sustainable Development
Creating long-term value for stakeholders including customers, employees,
shareholders and the community remains a primary focus of the Group’s
strategy for sustainable development. This people-oriented principle echoes
the Group’s long-standing belief in Building Homes with Heart, which
underlines its commitment to quality and reinforces its premium brand over
the years.
With a constant customer focus, the Group is able to exceed people’s
expectations for living, work and leisure with premium projects and thoughtful
service. The pioneering first three-year warranty on newly sold residential units
continues to underpin homebuyers’ confidence in the Group’s quality
assurance. As the Group’s effective vehicle for two-way communication, the
SHKP Club keeps the Group informed of needs for continuous enhancements.
Management also leads by example through making home visits to hear
homebuyers’ feedback on quality.
The Group encourages its most valuable asset, its employees, to move with
the times and grow with the Group through continuous learning and training.
As a caring employer, the Group adopts a five-day work week for office staff in
general to enhance work-life balance for employees.
The Group’s quality commitment does not stop at its buildings, but takes on a
strategic holistic approach to benefit the wider community. At PARK YOHO for
example, great effort was spent on restoring a barren marsh into a vibrant
wetland which is now home to over 180 living species including one listed as
‘near-threatened’.
The SHKP Club collects feedback through different
channels to better understand customer needs
Community well-being is another important
focus on sustainable development. Highlights
include the annual SHKP Vertical Run for Charity,
and the Group’s title and charity sponsorship of
the Sun Hung Kai Properties Hong Kong
Cyclothon. Both sporting-for-charity events raise
substantial donations to support child and youth
services. Taking the Group’s reading promotion
effort to a new stage, the SHKP Reading Club
rolled out in July 2017 a free new multimedia
online reading platform, ‘linepaper’, which uses
the latest online and social channels to stimulate
happy reading among the young generations.
The Group sponsored the Hong Kong X-Tech
Startup Platform with fitted offices in Kwun Tong
as the headquarters of its operation in Hong
Kong, along with co-working spaces to support
young people in pursuit of technological
innovation and entrepreneurship. In a similar vein,
the Group donated during the year a site in Yuen
Long for the development of Hong Kong’s first
purpose-built integrated social service facility that
will include a youth hostel, elderly home and
special-need childcare centre, seeking to promote
intergenerational interaction and social harmony.
Prospects
The global economy is expanding steadily with a broadening base. With price
and wage inflation anticipated to be well under control, nominal interest rates
should maintain at a relatively low level. Nonetheless, uncertainties over
normalization of monetary policies in most of the developed countries
coupled with continuous geopolitical tensions in certain areas may pose
downside risks to global growth and affect the stability of the financial market.
Supported by growing exports, solid consumer demand and continuous
expenditures on infrastructure, the mainland economy is expected to grow at
a reasonable pace. The performance of the residential market is anticipated to
vary from city to city, largely affected by the nature of city-specific land and
housing policies. Stringent restrictive measures implemented in first-tier and
most of the second-tier cities should constrain local market activities in the
short term. With effective regulatory initiatives and deleveraging policies, the
property market as a whole will be able to operate in a healthy and sustainable
environment. Together with continuous economic growth and ongoing
urbanization, the Group is positive about the long-term prospects of the
mainland property market.
In Hong Kong, with solid local consumer spending, improving external
demand and continuous investment in infrastructural developments, the
economy is likely to pick up its momentum modestly in the year ahead. The
gradual completion of key cross-border infrastructure projects and Central
Government’s initiatives such as Bond Connect and the Greater Bay Area
development plans are expected to underpin the city’s long-term economic
prospects. This, together with a healthy job market, low interest rates and
relatively positive demographics will be conducive to the demand for
residential properties. Market activities, particularly in the secondary market,
will however continue to be constrained by restrictive housing measures.
The completion of One ITC marks a significant stage in realizing the full mega ITC
integrated project
Amid the prevailing competitive operating
environment, the Group will continue to
strengthen its property development business.
Over the next three years, the average annual
residential space scheduled for completion in
Hong Kong will be more than three million
square feet. To sustain a high residential
production volume, the Group will continue to
seek opportunities to acquire new sites with
reasonable development margins, particularly in
Hong Kong, through different means such as the
conversion of agricultural land and public tenders.
The Group is adopting a proactive approach to
launch its projects on the back of its abundant
saleable resources, offering a profusion of
products with a diverse flat mix that ranges from
units for mass market to high-end residences.
Over the next nine months, major residential
developments offered for sale in Hong Kong will
include Wings at Sea in LOHAS Park, Tseung Kwan
O; Victoria Harbour in North Point; Cullinan West II
at MTR Nam Cheong Station; Babington Hill in
Mid-levels; St. Barths in Ma On Shan; St. Moritz in
Kau To; and first phases of two premium
residential projects located in Pak Shek Kok, Tai Po
and Tuen Mun respectively. On the mainland,
major residential developments to be put on the
market will include joint-venture projects, Phase 1
of TODTOWN in Shanghai and The Arch Suites at
Chengdu ICC, as well as new batches of the
wholly-owned Grand Waterfront in Dongguan.
With its well-recognized brand and seasoned
sales team, the Group is confident of the sales
performance of its upcoming launches.
With the opening of new shopping malls, as well as anticipated high
occupancy and positive rental reversions from its existing rental portfolio, the
Group’s rental income is expected to perform well in the coming year. Over
the next five to six years, there will be several major investment projects
coming on stream. In Hong Kong, Harbour North on North Point waterfront
and a premium shopping mall at MTR Nam Cheong Station are planned to
open gradually from late 2018 onwards. On the mainland, ITC in Shanghai is
earmarked for full completion in stages by 2023. The Group’s rental portfolio
will be further strengthened by the Nanjing IFC, which is scheduled for
completion in 2020, along with the Four Seasons Hotel in Suzhou. These new
developments in Hong Kong and on the mainland amount to an aggregate
gross floor area of about 15 million square feet in attributable terms, of which
around 12 million square feet are projects on the mainland that will almost
double its existing mainland portfolio upon completion, further elevating the
Group’s rental income and leading position in the market.
The Group is keen to foster its competence in a bid to stay ahead of the
market. In addition to upholding its commitment to quality products and
attentive service to underscore its premium brand, the Group will continue to
make greater use of digital platforms to better understand the behaviour of
shoppers and homebuyers as well as the marketing landscape. The Group also
places high emphasis on developing human capital, which is essential to its
long-term development and growth. Going forward, underpinned by its
growing property portfolios in Hong Kong and on the mainland, the Group’s
earnings quality and visibility will be further enhanced. With a strong financial
position, a reputable brand and a professional management team, the Group
will uphold and continue to optimize its strategy of creating long-term value
for stakeholders and sustain business growth in a fast-moving digital era.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, the Group’s
results for the coming financial year are expected
to be satisfactory.
Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to express my
gratitude to my fellow directors for their
guidance, to all staff for their dedication and hard
work, and to all our shareholders and customers
for their continued support.
Kwok Ping-luen, Raymond
Chairman & Managing Director
Hong Kong, 14 September 2017