Chairman s Statement We will continue to create value through a strategy of differentiation to provide a unique and 
(U.S.E.) for our visitors, shoppers and tenants.

Hong Kong s economy continued its moderate growth of 2.3% in 2014. Mild improvements in exports were recorded, supported by stronger U.S. GDP growth. The private consumption expenditure growth slowed to 2.7% year-on-year.
Softer spending by locals and tourists was reflected in the 0.2% decline in 2014 retail sales, the first such contraction since 2003. However, with tight labour market conditions, low unemployment and a buoyant property market, Hong Kong s consumer spending on items related more to local consumption remained resilient. Limited supply gave support both to retail leasing of prime mall spaces in core areas, as well as to the office leasing market.
A number of structural changes which have been evolving over the past few years will present challenges going forward.
" Despite a year-on-year increase of 16% in Mainland visitors for 2014, spending patterns have been changing to mid-priced items and goods which are novel and trendy, yet affordable, due to the official drive to curb luxury gifts giving, compounded by the slowdown in China s economic growth " Current political and social sentiment may diminish Mainlanders enthusiasm to visit and shop in Hong Kong " Occupy Movement had a short-term impact on some retailers. In the long run, concerns about polarisation of political views and potential future large-scale protests cannot 
" Comparatively high cost of doing business in terms of resources and manpower will erode Hong Kong s competitiveness " Even though e-commerce s effect on Hong Kong s brick and mortar retail experience has been limited, shopping patterns may change when online shopping becomes easier and 
" Intense competition among retail landlords, who are increasing spending on crowd drawing events, loyalty programmes and upgrading shopping malls Hysan has been responsive to these developments to Hong Kong s business environment, including changes in shopping trends. We have refined and re-positioned our portfolio in recent years, starting with strengthening the brand identity. The already familiar brand represents quality and our commitment for the long term.
We continue to actively curate our retail and office portfolios tenant mix. We are committed to establishing strong partnerships with our tenants, shoppers and visitors by understanding their needs and working closely with them. In all, Hysan is dedicated to providing them with a unique and satisfying experience, which can only be made possible with our commitment to first class service and continuous asset enhancement, all within an environment which seamlessly integrates lifestyle, work, play and shopping.
Under the brand, the retail portfolio has been grouped into three hubs, each with individual characteristics and price points to attract different clientele. From premium brands to urban lifestyle offerings and trend-setting must-haves, our diverse yet balanced hubs cater to the needs of all for every occasion. With Hong Kong people s growing appreciation of healthier lifestyles, our portfolio has become home to a number of sports and leisure names, most prominently in Hysan Place and Leighton Centre. We augmented our Lee Gardens Two renowned kids floor with toys and widened our children s product offerings. We launched a user-friendly state of the art app for our Club Avenue V.I.P.
clients to enter reward points, check on their spending rewards, and showcase Lee Gardens offers through a few easy swipes on their mobile devices. Apart from the shops, our food and beverage offerings were refined and significantly strengthened with some new to Hong Kong eateries. These include our very own Seasons, where we partnered celebrity chef Olivier Elzer to showcase French fare with a difference.
All these were complemented by placemaking activities hosted by Hysan or in partnership with other stakeholders. Many eye-catching displays, from Marvel s Captain America to our Make a Wish Christmas baubles, dominated the Causeway Bay landscape and delighted shoppers and visitors. Our Leeisure campaign highlighted our beautiful tree-lined surroundings where modern high-rises meet historic old Hong Kong, inspiring phrases like Pace of Life and Business of Life .
The Lee Theatre hub and Hysan Place have been well-placed to capture shoppers gravitation towards mid-priced spending. This is evidenced by the daily shopper traffic figures that registered amongst the highest levels ever in the last quarter of the year, despite the Occupy Movement .
In all, estimated retail sales within Hysan s portfolio increased by 22% when compared to the year before, a pleasing contrast to a 0.2% decline for Hong Kong s overall retail sales during the same period.
For our office portfolio, we saw strong demand from a diverse group of international and local firms, from insurance, banking and professional services, to high-end retailers and technology companies, as evidenced by a 98% occupancy rate. In 2014, around 35% of our office portfolio s newly-let office space was taken up by tenants relocating from Central and Admiralty. Lee Gardens, with its value proposition and its attractive work life integration, has established itself as a strong credible alternative to Central. In this regard, we have begun receiving a significant number of enquiries about our combined Sunning site redevelopment project. The mixed-use building s construction work is progressing smoothly and is on schedule for an early 2018 completion.
To further highlight Lee Garden s heritage and distinct character, Hysan will bring all the buildings in the eastern part of Hysan s portfolio under the brand name.
We are proud of our long history and we will strive to develop Lee Gardens as a sustainable community in the years to come.
Up on Hong Kong Island s coveted residential neighbourhood of Mid-Levels, our residential Bamboo Grove complex remains a favourite home, or home away from home, for its predominantly international community. We will continue to refine our renowned five-star service for Bamboo Grove, which is set in its open, tranquil and evergreen setting, minutes away from what Hong Kong can best offer in terms of transport, workplace, shops 
Hysan Place was again recognised for its efforts in sustainability with the coveted International Council of Shopping Center s VIVA Best of the Best Sustainable Development Award in 2014, one of only five VIVA winners worldwide. Hysan Place has become a regular stop on all Hong Kong sustainable building visit agenda.

The Group s 2014 turnover was HK$3,224 million, up 5.3% from HK$3,063 million in 2013. Excluding the revenue attributable to Sunning Plaza and Sunning Court (under redevelopment) in both years, the turnover would have increased by 9.2% (2013: HK$2,952 million). At year-end 2014, our retail portfolio was fully-let. Occupancy of our office and residential portfolios stood at 98% and 97% respectively.
Recurring Underlying Profit, the key measurement of our core leasing business performance, was up 5.9% to HK$2,163 million (2013: HK$2,043 million). This reflected the increase in revenue generated from our retail and office leasing activities. Our Underlying Profit, which excludes unrealised changes in fair value of investment properties, was also HK$2,163 million (2013: HK$2,043 million). Basic earnings per share based on Recurring Underlying Profit correspondingly rose to HK203.34 cents (2013: HK192.10 cents), up 5.9%.
Our Reported Profit for 2014 was HK$4,902 million (2013: HK$6,158 million), reflecting a smaller fair value gain on the Group s investment properties valuation recorded this year.
At year-end 2014, the external valuation of the Group s investment property portfolio increased by 5.2% to HK$68,735 million (2013: HK$65,322 million), reflecting improved rentals for our portfolio. Shareholders Fund increased by 5.9% to HK$67,040 million (2013: 
Our financial position remains strong, with net interest coverage of 17.1 times (2013: 15.4 times) and net debt to equity ratio of 4.2% (2013: 5.3%).

The Board of Directors (the Board ) is pleased to declare a second interim dividend of HK100 cents per share (2013: HK95 cents). Together with the first interim dividend of HK23 cents per share (2013: HK22 cents), there is an aggregate distribution of HK123 cents per share (2013: HK117 cents), representing a year-on-year increase of 5.1%. The dividend will be payable in cash.

We expect the Hong Kong economy will continue to achieve modest growth which is affected by global headwind and normalised consumption growth locally. Hysan expects steady performance from our portfolio. We will continue to create value through a strategy of differentiation to provide a unique and satisfying experience (U.S.E.) for our visitors, shoppers and tenants.
With a strong balance sheet, proven financial discipline and a record for value creation, Hysan is now well-positioned to seek opportunities beyond our core portfolio in 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our management team and colleagues for their diligent work during the year. I would also like to thank my fellow directors for their guidance and commitment throughout 2014. As part of our efforts to refresh and further strengthen our Board, we welcome Professor Lawrence Juen-Yee Lau as our new Independent non-executive Director. Professor Lau is best known as the former Chinese University Vice-Chancellor (President), but is also a renowned expert on economic development and growth in East Asia, including China. Professor Lau should be able to further enrich our Board with his wealth of expertise.
Irene Yun Lien LEE 
Hong Kong, 11 March 2015 
