CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Year in Review
The results of the Group in 2016 were affected by difficult
economic conditions. Oil prices recovered somewhat but this did
not lead to a recovery in exploration and production spending
by oil majors. Retail sales in Hong Kong slowed. Intense
competition and overcapacity reduced demand for our airlines’
passenger and cargo services. Economic growth in the USA
was robust, but a stronger US dollar and depreciation of the
Renminbi adversely affected our results.
Results Summary
Our consolidated profit attributable to shareholders for 2016
was HK$9,644 million, a 28% decrease compared to 2015.
Underlying profit attributable to shareholders, which principally
adjusts for changes in the valuation of investment properties,
fell 69% to HK$3,063 million. The decrease primarily reflected
weak results from our Aviation and Marine Services Divisions
(which included impairment charges at Swire Pacific Offshore
(“SPO”) and HAECO) and the absence of profits from sales of
units in OPUS HONG KONG recorded in 2015.
The Property Division was the largest contributor to the Group’s
underlying profits in 2016. The profits of Swire Properties
were little changed from those in 2015. Gross rental income
from investment properties fell in Hong Kong but increased
in Mainland China and the USA. The reduction in Hong Kong
largely reflected lower retail rental income consequent on
lower retail sales. Office rental income in Hong Kong increased
despite the loss of rental income resulting from the Taikoo
Place redevelopment. In Mainland China, gross rental income
increased despite depreciation of the Renminbi. Profits from
property trading increased in the USA. Fewer residential
properties were sold in Hong Kong. The performance of the
hotels in Mainland China improved, while at the same time the
results of the hotels in Hong Kong were adversely affected by a
reduction in the number of visitors to Hong Kong.
The profits at the Aviation Division were significantly lower. This
principally reflected a loss at Cathay Pacific’s airline operations,
with a number of factors adversely affecting performance.
Intense and increasing competition with other airlines was
the most important. Other airlines significantly increased
capacity. There were more direct flights between Mainland
China and international destinations. Competition from low cost
carriers increased. Overcapacity in the market was a particular
competitive problem for the cargo business. Three economic
factors were also important, the reduced rate of economic
growth in Mainland China, a reduction in the number of visitors
to Hong Kong and the strength of the HK dollar. All these factors
put severe competitive pressure on yields.
HAECO’s profits were higher. The increase was principally due to
a gain on disposal of HAESL’s interest in SAESL. Disregarding the
gain on disposal and impairment charges at HAECO Americas
and HAECO Landing Gear Services, profits were slightly higher.
The benefits of more engine repair work at HAESL and TEXL,
more line services work at HAECO Hong Kong and better results
at HAECO Xiamen were partly offset by a higher loss in HAECO
Americas’ cabin and seats businesses and the HAECO group’s
share of SAESL’s results for the first half year of 2016 being
lower than that for the whole of 2015.
Swire Beverages’ profits fell. The business in the USA continued
to grow, with existing and new territories (Arizona and New
Mexico) doing well. However, sales volumes and profits fell in
Mainland China. Sales volumes fell in Hong Kong and Taiwan, but
profits were little changed from those in 2015.
The Marine Services Division recorded higher losses. Low oil
prices and a reduction in exploration and production spending
by oil majors continued to have a material adverse effect on
the market. The oversupply of offshore support vessels has
resulted in reduced charter hire and utilisation rates. This in turn
has led to the widespread stacking of vessels. SPO recorded
further impairment charges in respect of its fleet. The business
continued to generate positive operating cash flows in 2016.
The Trading & Industrial Division’s profits were lower,
principally due to weaker retail sales, costs associated with
developing the cold storage business and losses from Swire
Environmental Services.
Dividends
The Directors have declared second interim dividends of
HK¢110.0 per ‘A’ share and HK¢22.0 per ‘B’ share which, together
with the first interim dividends paid in October 2016, amount
to full year dividends of HK¢210.0 per ‘A’ share and HK¢42.0 per
‘B’ share.
Implementing Our Strategy
The Group’s aim is to generate sustainable long-term growth
in shareholder value. We deploy capital where we see
opportunities to generate long-term value.
The difficult market conditions faced by some of our businesses
have led them to take measures to improve efficiency, to
reduce costs where possible and to focus on core operations.
This should serve us well in the longer term when market
conditions improve.
The largest recipient of capital in the group is Swire Properties.
This year, returns will be generated from two large mixedused
developments which were completed in 2016, the
Brickell City Centre development in Miami and HKRI Taikoo Hui
in Shanghai. Swire Properties is investing HK$15 billion in the
redevelopment of Taikoo Place in Hong Kong. The first phase
of this redevelopment is expected to be completed in 2018, 
the second in 2021 or 2022. Swire Properties conditionally
agreed to sell its 100% interest in the company which owns an
uncompleted investment property development in Kowloon Bay,
Hong Kong for a cash consideration of HK$6,528 million, subject
to adjustments. Completion is expected in 2018.
The Aviation Division is a significant investment for the
Group. In response to weak revenues, Cathay Pacific has
undertaken a critical review of its business. In the short term, it
is implementing measures designed to improve revenues and
reduce costs. The longer term strategy which is being developed
in response to the review is designed to improve performance
over a three-year period. We remain supportive of the long term
investment plans of Cathay Pacific.
At HAECO, the disposal of HAESL’s stake in SAESL will allow
HAESL to compete more effectively for Rolls Royce engine
overhaul business. At HAECO Americas, costs were incurred in
2016 with a view to improving efficiency and work flow. The
HAECO Americas line service business was closed having regard
to a review of its long term viability.
The Beverages Division continues to expand. In Mainland China,
conditional agreements were entered into in 2016 which, if
they become unconditional, will result in a realignment of the
Coca-Cola bottling system in Mainland China. If the realignment
proceeds, it will result in Swire Beverages having controlling
interests in companies operating in territories in which 49% of
the Mainland China population live (compared to 31% prior to
the realignment). Swire Beverages will control larger bottling
operations in contiguous territories. This is expected to improve
efficiency and save costs. In the USA in 2016, Swire Beverages
expanded its bottling territories in Arizona and New Mexico,
and agreed to acquire additional territory rights and production
facilities in the Pacific Northwest.
SPO is reducing its operating costs by cutting costs and the
disposal and stacking of vessels. SPO has also disposed of its
non-core logistics subsidiary, Altus Oil & Gas Services.
The Trading & Industrial Division has terminated certain
loss-making dealerships at Taikoo Motors in Mainland China
and Hong Kong, and a loss-making distributorship at Swire
Resources. The division acquired the 35% interest which it did
not already own in a bakery business in Southwest China in 2016
and continues to invest in its cold storage business. 
Outlook
In the Property Division, high occupancy is expected to result
in office rents being resilient in Hong Kong despite increased
supply in Kowloon East and other districts. Demand for space
from Hong Kong retailers dependent on tourism is likely to
remain weak in 2017. Demand for space from other retailers is
likely to be stable. Retail sales are expected to grow modestly in
Guangzhou and Beijing and more briskly in Chengdu. Property
trading profits are expected to be recognised in 2017 from
the handover of pre-sold units at ALASSIO and sales of units
at WHITESANDS in Hong Kong, and at the Reach and Rise
developments in Miami. Trading conditions for our hotels are
expected to be difficult.
In the Aviation Division, the operating environment for the
Cathay Pacific group in 2017 is expected to remain challenging.
Strong competition from other airlines and the adverse effect
of the strength of the HK dollar are expected to continue to
put pressure on yield. The cargo market got off to a good start,
but overcapacity is expected to persist. The prospects of the
HAECO group’s different businesses in 2017 are mixed. Demand
for airframe services work is expected to improve. Demand for
line services in Hong Kong is expected to be firm. The engine
overhaul businesses are expected to be stable. The cabin and
seats businesses in the USA are expected to be weak.
The Beverages Division expects sales volume in its franchise
territories in Mainland China to grow modestly in 2017.
In Hong Kong, the market will be difficult. Moderate growth
in sales volume is expected. The retail market in Taiwan is
expected to be weak. In the USA, the beverages market is
expected to grow moderately. The business is expected to start
to benefit from the acquisition of additional bottling territories
and production facilities in the Pacific Northwest.
In the Marine Services Division, industry conditions for SPO are
expected to remain difficult and a market recovery is expected
to take longer than previously expected. Exploration and
production projects have been delayed and the oversupply of
vessels will take time to correct.
The overall profits of the Trading & Industrial Division are
expected to increase, but to continue to be affected by the cost
of new business development.
In 2016, the Swire business celebrated its 200th anniversary
and the 150th anniversary of the opening of its first office in
Mainland China. We believe that seeking sustainable growth
in a broad range of businesses will be a successful strategy in
the long term. The commitment and hard work of employees
of the Group and its joint venture and associated companies
are central to our future success. I take this opportunity to
thank them.
John Slosar
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16th March 2017