Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2015.
Profit Attributable to Shareholders The Group s reported profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to HK$21,326 million, representing an increase of HK$4,574 million or 27% over HK$16,752 million for the previous year. Reported earnings per share were HK$6.46 (2014: HK$5.11 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2015).
Excluding the fair value change (net of non-controlling interests and tax) of investment properties and investment properties under development, the Group s Underlying Profit Note attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2015 was HK$11,009 million, representing an increase of HK$1,191 million or 12% over HK$9,818 million for the previous year. Underlying Earnings Per Share were HK$3.33 (2014: HK$2.99 as adjusted for the bonus issue in 2015).
Note: In order to fully exclude the effects of changes in fair value from the Group s Underlying Profit, any cumulative fair value change of investment properties disposed of during the year (which has been included in calculating the net gain on disposal of investment properties and hence the profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company during the year) was added back in arriving at the Underlying Profit.
The comparative Underlying Profit and Underlying Earnings Per Share for the previous financial year have been restated to conform to the presentation basis for the year under review.
Dr The Honourable Lee Shau Kee, GBM Chairman and Managing Director Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders As at 31 December 2015, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to HK$251,247 million, translating into a net asset value per share of approximately HK$76.00.
In accordance with the Group s current accounting policies, the Non IP Interests Revaluation Surplus (see Note below) and the Listed Associates Market Value Surplus (see Note below) have not been, and will not be, reflected in the consolidated financial statements of the Group. To provide shareholders with further understanding of the net asset value of the Group, the following data are provided for 
For the Group s land holding of about 11 million square feet in the New Development Areas of Fanling North, Hung Shui Kiu and Ping Che, the future development returns were not taken into account in DTZ valuation. With such extensive land holding, their future contributions are promising.
Note: Non IP Interests Revaluation Surplus: In accordance with the Group s accounting policies on property interests of the Group, only interests in investment properties and investment properties under development are stated at fair value at the end of the reporting period. All other property interests ( Non IP Interests ) are either stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses or at the lower of cost and net realisable value. In order to provide further information to shareholders, an independent firm of professional valuers, DTZ was engaged to carry out an open market valuation of the Non IP Interests as at 31 December 2015.
If the Non IP Interests were to be stated at their open market valuation as at 31 December 2015, there would be an attributable unrealised surplus (net of tax) over the attributable book value of the Non IP Interests as at 31 December 2015 of approximately HK$50,592 million ( Non IP Interests Revaluation Surplus ).
Listed Associates Market Value Surplus: Another asset that carries a significant value in the consolidated financial statements of the Group is its long-term investment in the listed associates, namely The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited, Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited and Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited. If these listed associates were to be stated at their respective market values (being their closing market prices on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited as at 31 December 2015), the attributable market value of the Group s interests in these listed associates would give rise to an excess over their attributable book value in the consolidated financial statements of the Group of approximately HK$29,095 million ( Listed Associates Market 
If the above Non IP Interests Revaluation Surplus and the Listed Associates Market Value Surplus, totalling approximately HK$79,687 million, were to be added to the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders as at 31 December 2015, the adjusted net asset value would become HK$330,934 million or approximately HK$100.10 per share.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.07 per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Monday, 13 June 2016, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK$0.38 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 will amount to HK$1.45 per share (2014: HK$1.10 per share).
The proposed final dividend will be payable in cash and is expected to be distributed to shareholders on Thursday, 23 June 
Issue of Bonus Shares The Board proposes to make a bonus issue of one new share for every ten shares held (2014: one bonus share for every ten shares held) to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members on Monday, 13 June 2016. The relevant resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting, and if passed and upon the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in such new shares, share certificates of the bonus shares will be posted on Thursday, 23 June 2016.

The Group s Underlying Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2015 was up by 12% to HK$11,009 million. Pre-tax profit contribution from property sales (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by 18% to HK$3,980 million, whilst pre-tax net rental income (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) increased by 10% to HK$6,303 million.

Supported by stable external economic conditions and strong housing demand, the property market in Hong Kong remained buoyant in the first half of 2015 notwithstanding a new round of mortgage-tightening measures launched by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority in early 2015. However, growing concerns over the US interest rate normalisation and an expected increase in the near-term supply of first-hand residential properties resulted in a wait-and-see attitude among homebuyers, which rendered a slowdown in the property market towards the year end.
During the year under review, the Group s overall property sales performance was satisfactory. Projects launched during the year included Double Cove Grandview (Phase 4 of Double Cove ) in Ma On Shan and an array of urban redevelopment boutique residences under The H Collection (namely, Jones Hive in Causeway Bay, PARKER33 in Shau Kei Wan, AXIS in Hung Hom, The Zutten in Ma Tau Kok, as well as High Park Grand and Eltanin" Square Mile in Mong Kok). Developments re-launched for sale such as 39 Conduit Road in Mid-Levels, Double Cove (Phases 1-3) in Ma On Shan and The Reach in Yuen Long were also well received. In addition, four deluxe apartments at 39 Conduit Road in Mid-Levels, which were previously held for leasing, were also disposed of during the year under review. Together with the disposal of certain quality industrialcommercial space, the Group sold HK$11,472 million worth of Hong Kong properties in attributable terms for the year ended 31 December 2015.
After the end of this financial year, the Group continued to release various properties under development for sale, including the launching of Harbour Park in Cheung Sha Wan and Wellesley in Mid-Levels in January 2016 and Double Cove Summit (Phase 5 of Double Cove ) in March 2016.

In June 2015, a residential site in So Kwun Wat, Tuen Mun located in close proximity to Harrow International School with stunning sea views, was acquired through public tender at a consideration of HK$3,628.9 million. It is planned to be developed into a high-end residential development, providing about 1,900 housing units. Furthermore, the Group s urban redevelopment projects with 80% to 100% of their ownerships acquired increased to 45 in number, representing about 3.8 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area.
The Group has made use of multiple channels to expand its development land bank in Hong Kong. Purely through acquisition of old tenement buildings for urban redevelopment (excluding conversion of New Territories land, as well as public auction and tender), abundant land resources have been made available to the Group for property development. Together with the development projects which are sourced from land-use conversion of New Territories land and public tenders, with the exception of a few projects earmarked for rental purposes, sizeable areas will be available to the Group for property sales in the coming years (details are shown as follows).
(Table 1) Unsold units from the major development projects offered for sale There are 23 development projects available for sale: (Table 2) Projects pending sale in 2016 In the absence of unforeseen delays, the following 7 projects will be available for sale in 2016: (Table 3) Existing urban redevelopment projects The Group has a total of 4 existing projects under planning for redevelopment or land-use conversion and the dates of their sales launch are not yet fixed. As outlined below, they are expected to provide about 1.1 million square feet in attributable gross floor area in the urban areas based on the Buildings Department s approved plans or the Government s latest town planning: (Table 4) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects Ownership Fully Consolidated There are 17 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with ownership fully consolidated. In the absence of unforeseen delays, most of these projects are expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2017-2018 and their expected attributable gross floor areas, based on the Buildings Department s approved plans or the Government s latest town planning, are as follows: (Table 5) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 80% ownership secured There are 28 newly-acquired urban redevelopment projects with over 80% ownership secured and their ownership will be consolidated by proceeding to the court for compulsory sale under the Land (Compulsory Sale for Redevelopment) Ordinance . In the event that no court order is granted, the Group may not be able to complete the consolidation of the ownership for development. If legal procedures go smoothly and in the absence of unforeseen delays, most of the projects set out below are expected to be available for sale in 2018-2020.
On the basis of the Government s latest town planning, the expected gross floor areas are shown as follows: (Table 6) Newly-acquired Urban Redevelopment Projects with over 20% but less than 80% ownership secured The Group has other acquisitions in progress, involving 34 projects located in prime urban areas in Hong Kong and Kowloon. Currently, ownership of each project ranging from more than 20% to less than 80% has been achieved. The attributable land areas of these projects total about 230,000 square feet. If and when their ownerships are successfully consolidated, based on the Government s latest town planning, the total estimated attributable gross floor area would be about 2.1 million square feet upon completion of redevelopment.
Based on the respective ownership currently secured by the Group for each project, the total pro-rata attributable gross floor area is about 900,000 square feet.
Successful acquisitions of the above projects bear uncertainty. The Group may not be able to consolidate ownerships of all projects.
Redevelopments can only be implemented upon acquisition of the full ownership of the relevant projects.
Among the aforesaid development projects, the following are the relatively sizeable ones, especially those with the prospect of assembling adjacent properties for combined development. Supplementary information such as the estimated land cost and construction cost per square foot of gross floor area in relation to these projects are provided below: 
In June 2015, the Group won the bid for a residential site in So Kwun Wat, Tuen Mun, with the particulars as follows: Meanwhile, the Group continues to replenish its land bank by acquiring old tenement buildings for redevelopment and applying for land-use conversion for its portfolio of New Territories land. Such dual approach to land banking has proven to be a reliable source of land supply with a lower acquisition cost, which is beneficial to the Group s development returns in the long term.
During the year under review, the Group finalised the land premium procedure for its commercial and residential development project at Yuen Long Town Lot No. 527 through the Pilot Scheme for Arbitration on Land Premium, which was the first arbitration case successfully concluded under such Pilot Scheme in Hong Kong. This development project, having a site area of 6,131 square feet, will provide a total attributable commercial and residential floor area of approximately 16,954 square feet.
The urban redevelopment project of Eltanin" Square Mile at Mong Kok, which was launched for sale recently, is a manifest example.
In terms of saleable area, the average selling price for the units sold for this project is about HK$17,000 per square foot, whereas the acquisition cost of the land site was about HK$4,300 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses). As for Double Cove Grandview (Double Cove Phase 4) at Ma On Shan, which was sourced from land-use conversion, the average selling price for the units sold stands at about HK$15,000 per square foot, whereas its acquisition cost (including the cost for acquisition of New Territories land and the land conversion premium) was only about HK$4,100 per square foot (excluding construction cost and other expenses). Hence, it is evident that profit contributions from urban redevelopment projects, as well as New Territories projects sourced from land-use conversion, are highly satisfactory.
The Group currently has a land bank in Hong Kong comprising a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 24.4 million square feet, made up as follows: Land in Urban Areas As aforesaid, there are currently 45 urban redevelopment projects of old tenement buildings with entire or over 80% ownership acquired, representing a total attributable gross floor area of about 3.8 million square feet, which are expected to be ready for sale or leasing in 2017 or beyond. The total land cost of such projects is estimated to be about HK$24,300 million (in spite of the inclusion of pricey street shops and the project at the prestigious Seymour Road in Mid-Levels), translating into a land cost of approximately HK$6,400 per square foot of gross floor area.
During the year under review, the Group completed the acquisition of the entire interests in the projects at 69-83 Fuk Lo Tsun Road, Kowloon City, 1-3 Chung Ching Street, Sheung Wan and 31-33 Whampoa Street, Hung Hom. The sites for the project at 206-212 Johnston Road, Wanchai, as well as two projects at 6-28 Gillies Avenue South76-78 Baker Street and 18-22A Bulkeley Street46-50 Gillies Avenue South in Hung Hom, were all enlarged following the completion of the acquisition of the 
For the industrial site at 18 King Wah Road, North Point, it is planned to be redeveloped into an office building pending an appeal to the Government on the amount of assessed land premium. Meanwhile, the residential-cum-commercial project at Yau Tong Bay is also in the process of application for land 
New Territories land At the end of December 2015, the Group held New Territories land reserves amounting to approximately 45 million square feet in land area, which was the largest holding among all property developers in Hong Kong.
In July 2013, the Government announced the result of the North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , of which Kwu Tung North and Fanling North would be treated as the extension of FanlingSheung Shui New Town. The Government has also decided to adopt an enhanced Conventional New Town Approach and, subject to specified criteria, private land owners are allowed to apply for in-situ land exchange for private developments. Outline Zoning Plans for both Kwu Tung North and Fanling North were already approved by the Chief Executive-in-Council during the year under review. Of the Group s land holding of 2.4 million square feet in the Fanling North New Development Area, a total land area of roughly over 800,000 square feet is assessed to be eligible for in-situ land exchange and the Government may resume the other parts of its lands for public use by payment of cash compensation. The Group has previously applied for in-situ land exchange for two land lots in Fanling North and Kwu Tung, which have just been accepted by the Government for further review. The two sites are expected to provide total developable gross floor areas of approximately 600,000 square feet and 340,000 square feet respectively, against their respective site areas of 174,000 square feet and 45,000 square feet. Three other land lots in Fanling North, with the respective site areas of 228,000 square feet, 241,000 square feet and 240,000 square feet, were also submitted for in-situ land change. Four land lots in Fanling North are expected to provide in aggregate commercial gross floor area of 440,000 square feet and residential gross floor area of 3.64 million square feet approximately. Developable areas for these sites are subject to finalisation of land premium and the construction cost is estimated to be about HK$4,000 per square foot of gross floor area.
According to the aforementioned North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study , the region at Ping CheTa Kwu Ling will be re-planned, in response to the 2013 Policy Address which proposed an initiative to review the development potential of New Territories North, including new opportunities brought about by the new railway infrastructure. In January 2014, the Government commenced its Preliminary Feasibility Study on Developing the New Territories North on a study area of about 5,300 hectares. In September 2014, the Government announced the Railway Development Strategy , including its long-term extension plan to further extend the railway line to Kwu Tung and Ping Che. The Group has a land holding of about 1.34 million square feet in Ping Che Ta Kwu Ling which are embodied in the Master Layout Plan of the original North East New Territories New Development Areas Planning and Engineering Study . In addition, the Group has about 1.09 million square feet of land in the adjacent areas, making a total of about 2.43 million square feet in the region. In order to increase the land supply for housing, during the period the Government formulated the Preliminary Outline Development Plan for Planning and Engineering Study for Housing Sites in Yuen Long South Investigation and launched its Stage 2 Community Engagement. It also released the Land Use Review for Kam Tin South and Pat Heung . The Group holds certain pieces of land in these Study Areas.
As for Hung Shui Kiu New Development Area Planning and Engineering Study , the Group holds a total land area of approximately 6.31 million square feet in this location, which covers an area of about 714 hectares. Under the Preliminary Outline Development Plan, it was proposed to accommodate a new town of a population comprising about 215,000 and about 60,000 additional flats, of which about 50% are private developments. The effects of these proposals on the Group are to be assessed. The Group will continue to work in line with the Government s development policies and follow up closely on its 
Besides, the development of houses cum wetland restoration project in Wo Shang Wai, Yuen Long has been approved by the Town Planning Board. With a site area of approximately 2.23 million square feet, this project will comprise about 400 houses, providing a total residential floor area of approximately 890,000 square feet. Negotiation of the land premium is now under way and project implementation is subject to the finalisation of the land premium amount with the Government and the construction cost is estimated to be about HK$7,500 per square foot of gross 
During the year under review, the Group s attributable gross rental income in Hong Kong, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, increased by 7% to HK$6,404 million. The attributable pre-tax net rental income, including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, was HK$4,950 million, representing a growth of 6% over the previous year. Included therein is attributable gross rental income of HK$1,865 million (2014: HK$1,812 million) contributed from the Group s attributable interest of 40.77% (2014: 40.76%) in The International Finance Centre ( ifc ) project. At the end of December 2015, the leasing rate for the Group s core rental properties was 97%. Besides, the Group held about 10,000 car parking bays, providing additional rental income.
With the completion of its 50%-owned office development at 8 Observatory Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, which offers 160,000 square feet of gross floor area, the Group s completed investment property portfolio in Hong Kong as at 31 December 2015 amounted to 9.1 million square feet in attributable terms with its breakdown as follows: In 2015, the continued slowdown in inbound tourism and the uncertain economic outlook amid the US interest rate normalisation dented local consumption sentiment, leading to a 3.7% drop in the value of total retail sales in Hong Kong.
However, the Group s retail portfolio, which comprises many large-scale shopping malls in the populous new towns catering to local consumption, recorded satisfactory rental income growth with nearly full occupancy (except those under renovation or realignment of tenant mix) at the end of December 2015. Such satisfactory results were mainly due to the Group s various initiatives to enhance the appeal of its malls so as to maintain their competitiveness. For instance, KOLOUR has been established as a new brand comprising a series of cosy and chic shopping malls under the Group s retail portfolio. During the year under review, Citimall in Yuen Long and City Landmark I and II in Tsuen Wan were re-branded as KOLOUR" Yuen Long and KOLOUR" Tsuen Wan I and II respectively. KOLOUR" Yuen Long , after refining its tenant mix and upgrading its position, recorded considerable growth in rents and shopper traffic.
KOLOUR" Tsuen Wan I is also undergoing a series of renovation works which are set to give customers a fresh shopping experience after the revamp. Meanwhile, a customer loyalty programme and iBeacon technology were introduced in Metro City Phase II in Tseung Kwan O so as to enhance the interaction between shoppers 
Supported by the influx of mainland companies and limited new supply, the office leasing market in Hong Kong was buoyant during the year under review. The Group s quality office developments in the core areas, such as ifc in Central, AIA Tower in North Point, as well as Golden Centre and FWD Financial Centre in Sheung Wan, all performed well. Meanwhile, the Group s portfolio of office and industrialoffice premises in Kowloon East, including Manulife Financial Centre , AIA Financial Centre , 78 Hung To Road and Bamboos Centre , also recorded satisfactory rental reversions on renewals and new leases. In order to further improve rental values and appeal to discerning tenants, phased renovations for AIA Tower , FWD Financial Centre and Golden Centre are now underway.

Overnight visitor arrivals to Hong Kong declined by 3.9% in 2015. The Group s Newton Hotel Hong Kong ceased operating in August 2015 so as to make way for its redevelopment into an office building. As a result, the Group s pre-tax profit from hotel operations, including the attributable contribution from its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, decreased by 23% to HK$251 million during the year under review. Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong, which received a quadruple 5-star award from Forbes Travel Guide 2015, continued to record high occupancy and room rate. Its Lung King Heen restaurant also won the top 3-star honour from the Michelin Guide to Hong Kong and Macau 2016. The remaining two Newton hotels owned by the Group (namely, the 317-room Newton Inn North Point and the 598-room Newton Place Hotel) recorded a dip in room rate and occupancy amid intensifying competition in their market segment.

The International Property Awards, which are highly regarded in the industry around the globe, announced the Group s high-rise apartments of Double Cove , the urban renewal mixed-use project in Tai Kok Tsui, as well as the office development at King Wah Road as winners of the Top Five-star in the Asia Pacific region for 2015. These awards are a testimony to the Group s commitment to building excellence in all its property developments. Besides, Double Cove achieved the Best International Residential High-Rise Development among all the regions. It is also the first Hong Kong project to receive a Pre-Certification in the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design for Neighbourhood Development (LEED-ND) awarded by the U.S. Green Building Council. Such accreditation elevated Double Cove s achievement from the level of green building to green neighbourhood , meaning it has successfully promoted social and environmental harmony which benefitted the 
Teamwork, as well as meticulous planning throughout the construction process, contribute to the Group s success. For instance, advanced eco-friendly features recommended by the LEED and Building Environmental Assessment Method (BEAM) Plus rating systems are adopted in the Group s projects. In addition to the use of self-developed pre-fabricated building components, the Group also self-contracted for the foundation piling works of its development projects so as to expedite the construction process and minimise disruption to neighbourhoods. Against the prevailing backdrop of soaring material costs and a shortage of construction workers, all the above measures help improve quality and cost efficiency by reducing construction waste and manpower. Furthermore, with a large number of projects under development, the Group has implemented a series of measures, such as bulk purchases of building materials and outsourcing to more well-qualified sub-contractors, to further reduce construction costs by economies of scale.
In mainland China, the Group s Construction Department monitors all the key areas throughout the construction process, such as tender evaluation, contract execution, development progress and product quality, and gauges them closely against a set of pre-determined standards. It also provides timely feedback, aiming at achieving building quality excellence and consistency for all of the Group s 
The Group s property management companies, namely, Hang Yick Properties Management Limited, Well Born Real Estate Management Limited and Goodwill Management Limited, manage in total over 80,000 apartments and industrialcommercial units, 8 million square feet of shopping and office space, as well as 20,000 car parking spaces in Hong Kong and mainland China.
The Group s Property Management team believes that excellent building quality, when supplemented by a comprehensive and meticulous after-sales property management service, generates certain synergies. During the year under review, Double Cove in Ma On Shan, which is already an award-winning development for its building quality, won Excellence in Facility Management Award 2015 from The Hong Kong Institute of Facility Management, reaffirming the team s leading service quality in the sector. For those urban boutique residences that make up The H Collection , these property management subsidiaries offer unparalleled one-stop home services enabling discerning residents to enjoy hassle-free urban living. Meanwhile, their commitment to service excellence has also been extended to the Group s property developments in mainland China. Hengbao Huating in Guangzhou and The Arch of Triumph in Changsha received the designations as Guangdong Province Enterprise of Observing Contract and Valuing Credit 2014 and The 2013 1st runner-up in the Property Services Excellence for Housing Community 
The Group s property management subsidiaries are on the front-line to serve the community and to fulfil Henderson Land s commitment to corporate social responsibility. Following the success of the preceding Year of Senior , the Property Management Team launched The Year of Youth so as to raise public awareness of the all-round development of young people.
In addition to receiving the Gold Award in The 4th Hong Kong Outstanding Corporate Awards Category of Volunteer Team , their volunteer team also won the Highest Service Hour Award championship, setting a new record by achieving such a top honour for the tenth year.

Destocking was the major direction of the property market in 2015. During the year under review, the Central Government lowered the down-payment proportion for first-time property purchases on several occasions and removed various restrictions on the number of permitted purchases. At the same time, there were five successive reductions in interest rates and reserve ratio. Although all these measures stimulated market demand noticeably, to effectively resolve the problem of excessive stock required intensification of such measures in their implementation as well as the support of overall economic growth. While pressure of excessive stock has been waning in the prime and second-tier cities, no substantial improvement could be seen in those third-tier and fourth-tier cities. For 2015 as a whole, property sales in the prime and second-tier cities experienced rises in both volume and price while sales progress for other cities apparently lagged 
In April 2015, the Group collaborated with CIFI Holdings (Group) Co. Ltd. ( CIFI , a property developer listed in Hong Kong) on a 5050 ownership basis to develop a residential site in Gaoxin District, Suzhou. The land lot, which was acquired previously at a consideration of RMB1,400 million, will provide a total gross floor area of over 4.2 million square feet on the site area of about 1.8 million square feet.
Also in April 2015, the Group entered into an agreement with CIFI and Longfor Properties Co. Ltd. to jointly develop, on a 35:35:30 ownership basis, a residential site in Songjiang District, Shanghai. This 860,000-square-foot site was earlier purchased at a consideration of RMB629 million. Upon completion of the development, it will provide a planned total gross floor area of over 1.1 million square feet.
In July 2015, the Group independently won a bid for a prime officecommercial site of approximately 200,000 square feet in Shanghai Xuhui Riverside development area, which is an extension of Bund of Huangpu River, at a consideration of RMB3,872 million. Being an upcoming commercial hub, Xuhui Riverside area enjoys well-established transport support from Longyao Road subway station and is characterised by abundant green surroundings. The site is planned to be developed into a high-rise landmark development with 1.8 million square feet of Grade-A office space and a retail podium of 200,000 square feet, further expanding the Group s rental portfolio in the mainland.
At 31 December 2015, the Group had approximately 2.9 million square feet in attributable gross floor area of completed property stock.
The Group also held a development land bank in 14 cities with a total attributable gross floor area of about 116.7 million square feet.
Around 78% of this total were planned for residential development.

During the year under review, the Group achieved attributable contracted sales of approximately HK$7,290 million in value and 7.3 million square feet in attributable gross floor area, representing year-on-year increases of 40% and 26% respectively. Most of the attributable contracted sales were contributed by major projects including Riverside Park in Suzhou, Henderson CIFI Centre in Shanghai, Emerald Valley in Nanjing, Grand Lakeview in Yixing, as well as Palatial Crest and La Bontanica in Xian.
Meanwhile, in July 2015, the Group sold its 51% stake in Henderson CIFI Palace in Hangzhou at a consideration of USD66.3 million to a group company of CIFI. Such disposal was due to the fact that the Group had no other project in Hangzhou to form any synergy.

At 31 December 2015, the Group had 7.3 million square feet of completed investment properties in mainland China, comprising mainly offices and shopping malls in the centres of major cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Driven by higher market rent and greater contributions from the newly completed Henderson 688 in Shanghai, the Group s attributable gross rental income increased by 18% to HK$1,748 million, whilst its attributable pre-tax net rental income also increased by 23% to HK$1,353 million during the year under review.
In Shanghai, Henderson Metropolitan atop the Nanjing Road East subway station was virtually fully let with a significant rise in rental contribution during the year under review. Following the grand opening of PUMA flagship store, an innovative game zone will be opened in this mall in 2016. The Group will continue to adjust the tenant mix for this mall so as to enhance customer experience and boost turnover for its tenants. The 710,000-square-foot Henderson 688 at Nanjing Road West was fully let by the end of 2015, filled with numerous quality multi-national corporations such as New Balance and Publicis Groupe. Grand Gateway II atop the Xujiahui subway station is famous for its high operational efficiency and has been generating stable and sizeable rental contributions for the Group. Greentech Tower and Centro , which are both located in the Zhabei district, recorded steady rental growth and high occupancy rates during the year under review. Both projects stand to benefit from the continual development in their neighbouring Suzhou Creek 
In Beijing, World Financial Centre in the Chaoyang central business district has been tenanted by many world-renowned financial institutions and multinational corporations since its completion in 2009. This international Grade-A office complex was almost fully let and gross rental income increased by 17% over the previous year. Located next to the Beijing Railway Station, the Henderson Centre shopping mall provides unrivalled shopping convenience to both travelers and local customers. Its leasing rate was over 94% at 31 December 2015 with an asset enhancement plan to be kick-started in 2016.
In Guangzhou, Hengbao Plaza atop the Changshou Road subway station was over 91% let at the end of December 2015.
The renowned fashion brand Uniqlo is expected to open for business in the third quarter of 2016, reinforcing the position of this mall as the leading fashion hotspot in town.
Henderson Investment Limited ( HIL ) HIL s consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to HK$449 million, a significant turnaround from the loss of HK$7 million as recorded in the previous year. It is mainly due to a one-off gain of HK$355 million arising from the final arbitral award in relation to the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge during the year under review, as well as the full-year profit contribution of HK$103 million from Citistore, which was acquired by HIL on 1 December 2014.
Commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of the toll fee in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to Hangzhou Henderson Qianjiang Third Bridge Company, Limited ( Joint Venture Company ) was provisionally suspended. An arbitration application (the Arbitration ) was thus filed by the Joint Venture Company on 17 September 2012 with China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ). On 30 April 2015, the arbitral tribunal of CIETAC issued the final arbitral award, which had legal binding effect on all parties to the Arbitration. Hangzhou Municipal People s Government shall pay to HIL an amount of RMB376 million ( Compensation Payment ) within 90 days following the issue of the arbitral award. All tax payable in respect of the above payments ( PRC Tax ) in mainland China shall be borne and paid by Hangzhou Municipal People s Government, which shall arrange for the PRC Tax clearance formality. As a result of the above arbitral award, HIL recognised a profit in the amount of HK$215 million, which is equal to the Compensation Payment of RMB376 million as converted to Hong Kong dollars (net of HIL s share of expenses relating to the Arbitration) of HK$471 million and after (i) deducting HIL s impairment loss on toll bridge operating right and related net assets of the Joint Venture Company of HK$379 million (the Joint Venture Company Impairment ); (ii) recognising the reversal of the exchange reserve attributable to the Joint Venture Company of HK$138 million; and (iii) deducting the operating loss of the infrastructure business in the aggregate amount of HK$15 million during the period from 1 January 2015 to 30 April 2015. Adding back HIL s non-controlling interests attributable share of Joint Venture Company Impairment and operating loss in the aggregate amount of HK$140 million, a one-off gain was recognised by HIL attributable to equity shareholders which amounted to HK$355 million. As the entire Compensation Payment was duly settled by Hangzhou Municipal People s Government on 29 July 2015, the collection agreement and joint venture contract were discharged and HIL has no further obligations, responsibilities and payment obligations for expenses whether as a shareholder of the Joint Venture Company or in relation to the Joint Venture Company or Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, and is no longer entitled to any income sharing and distribution rights as a shareholder of the Joint 
Retailing has become the sole business of HIL. Due to a slowdown in inbound tourism, as well as weakened consumption sentiment arising from an uncertain economic outlook and exceptionally warm winter weather, retail sales in Hong Kong slackened distinctly in the fourth quarter of 2015, leading to a 3.7% drop in the value of total retail sales for the whole city during the year under review.
Nevertheless, by serving the daily household needs of local consumers, HIL s Citistore operation recorded only a slight decrease in the total sales proceeds (which were derived from the sales of own goods, as well as the consignment and concessionaire sales) of 0.7% for the year ended 31 December 2015 with its breakdown as follows: Citistore s sales of own goods retreated in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to the exceptionally warm weather in Hong Kong.
However, its total sales of own goods for the year under review amounted to HK$443 million, representing an increase of 3% over HK$431 million for the previous year. The Household & Toys category made up approximately 53% of the annual revenue from sales of goods, the Apparel & Accessories category contributed approximately 34% and the balance of approximately 13% came from the categories of Cosmetics and Food.
Citistore regularly reviews its merchandise mix. Having regard to market trends and consumer preferences, a wide range of highly sought-after products with better profit margins were introduced during the year under review. Through keen promotional efforts and improved customer services, a stable gross margin of 36% was achieved along with increased sales.
Citistore s concessionaire sales are conducted by licensing portions of shop spaces to its concessionaires for setting up their own concession counters to sell their products, whilst consignment sales comprise the sale of a consignor s own products on or in designated shelves, areas or spaces. These consignment and concessionaire counters are charged on the basis of revenue sharing or basic rent (if any), whichever is higher, which are recognised as Citistore s rental income. During the year under review, the total rental income derived from these consignment and concessionaire counters was flat at HK$429 million compared with the previous year, despite the slight year-on-year drop in the total sales proceeds from these counters.
In summary, due to (i) the decrease in profit contribution in the fourth quarter of 2015 as a result of the exceptionally warm weather in Hong Kong; (ii) rental charges in the accounts being higher than the actual rental expenses in the early part of the tenure as a result of amortised rental expenses during the year based on the new 9-year tenancy lease agreements, which became effective in October 2014, with rent escalation for each 3-year period, and (iii) a one-off net gain of HK$17 million in the previous year from the reversal of rent-free amortisation upon early termination of the preceding lease agreements, Citistore s profit after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to HK$103 million, representing a decrease of 27% or HK$39 million as compared with the previous year.
As the overall economy is expected to soften in the financial year ahead, HIL will keep sourcing new merchandise, and improving the interior decoration and display of Citistore so as to offer a fresh shopping experience to customers. HIL will also continue to launch an array of innovative promotions and exercise stringent cost controls, thereby further enhancing the overall results of 
The Hong Kong and China Gas Company Limited ( Hong Kong and China Gas ) Profit after taxation attributable to shareholders of Hong Kong and China Gas for 2015 increased by approximately 3% to HK$7,302 million, an increase of HK$193 million compared to 2014. During the year under review, this group invested HK$6,356 million in production facilities, pipelines, plants and other fixed assets for the sustainable development of its various existing and new businesses in Hong Kong and mainland China.
Town Gas Business in Hong Kong Total volume of gas sales in Hong Kong for 2015 was 28,404 million MJ, a decrease of 1.5%, in contrast to appliance sales revenue which increased by 6.4% with a total of 255,730 sets sold, both compared to 2014. As at the end of 2015, the number of customers was 1,839,261, an increase of 19,326 compared to 2014, slightly up by 1.1%. An increase in its standard gas tariff on 1 August 2015 has helped offset some of this pressure on its own rising operating costs.
Business Development in Mainland China As at the end of 2015, Hong Kong and China Gas held approximately 62.53% of the total issued shares of Towngas China Company Limited ( Towngas China ; stock code: 1083).
Exclusive of unrealised exchange losses on the renminbi and the provision for the disposal of the coke plant of Changchun Gas Company Limited ( Changchun Gas ), this subsidiary s profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders for 2015 amounted to HK$1,202 million, an increase of approximately 1% compared to 2014. Due to the depreciation of the renminbi during the year, inclusive of the unrealised exchange losses and Changchun Gas provision for the disposal, Towngas China s profit after taxation attributable to its shareholders for 2015 was HK$807 million, a decrease of approximately 23% compared to 2014. Project development is progressing with Towngas China acquiring three new piped-gas projects in 2015, namely in Wulian county, Rizhao city, Shandong province; in Anxin county, Baoding city, Hebei province; and in Jiangbei New District, Wuhu city, Anhui province. In 2015, Towngas China also acquired two midstream pipeline projects and one vehicular refilling station project, namely Xuancheng-Huangshan natural gas sub-stream and downstream city-gas project in Anhui province, Taigang Gas midstream long-haul pipeline project in Taian city, Shandong province, and Xingqixiang vehicular refilling station project in Qiqihar city, Heilongjiang province. In June 2015, Standard & Poor s Ratings Services raised its long-term corporate credit rating on Towngas China to BBB+ from BBB , and maintained its cnA+ long-term Greater China regional scale credit rating with a stable outlook. In July 2015, Moody s Investors Service also raised its issuer credit rating on Towngas China to Baa1 from Baa2 with a stable outlook.
This group s city-gas businesses are progressing well with a total of four new projects added to its portfolio in 2015. As at the end of 2015, inclusive of Towngas China, this group had a total of 131 city-gas projects in mainland cities spread across 23 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. The total volume of gas sales for these projects in 2015 was approximately 15.5 billion cubic metres, a slight increase of 2% over 2014. As at the end of 2015, this group s mainland gas customers stood at approximately 20.9 million, an increase of 10% over 2014.
This group s midstream natural gas projects are operating smoothly. These include natural gas pipeline projects in Anhui and Hebei provinces; natural gas extension projects in Jilin and Henan provinces; and the Guangdong LNG Receiving Terminal project. In addition, Towngas China added two midstream natural gas projects to its portfolio in 2015 the Xuancheng-Huangshan natural gas sub-stream and downstream city-gas project in Anhui province, and the Taigang Gas midstream long-haul pipeline project in Taian city, Shandong province. Construction of this group s gas storage facility in underground salt caverns in Jintan district, Changzhou city, Jiangsu province is in progress. Upon completion, this facility will be the first of its kind developed by any city-gas enterprise on the mainland. The total storage capacity of this facility will be approximately 400 million standard cubic metres. Construction of phase one of this project, with a storage capacity of 130 million standard cubic metres, is expected to be completed during the third quarter of 2016.
The upstream natural gas supply market is also facing reform. The Shanghai Petroleum and Natural Gas Exchange (the Exchange ) launched a pilot operation on 1 July 2015 to further promote a market-oriented pricing mechanism for natural gas. The Exchange comprises ten shareholder companies, including this group.
2015 was the 10th anniversary of this group s entering into the mainland water market under the brand name Hua Yan Water . It has so far invested in, and operates, six water projects, including water supply joint venture projects in Wujiang district, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province and in Wuhu city, Anhui province; wholly-owned water supply projects in Zhengpugang Xin Qu, Maanshan city and in Jiangbei Xin Qu, Wuhu city, both in Anhui province; and an integrated water supply and wastewater treatment joint venture project, together with an integrated wastewater treatment joint venture project for a special industry, both in Suzhou Industrial Park, Suzhou city, Jiangsu province. In 2015, this group also initiated an interest in the drinking water market on the mainland by launching AquaJoy , a high-end bottled purified water product, through its project in Wujiang district, Suzhou city, 
Overall, inclusive of projects of Towngas China, this group had 222 projects on the mainland, as at the end of 2015, 20 more than at the end of 2014, spread across 25 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities. These projects encompass upstream, midstream and downstream natural gas sectors, water sectors, environmentally-friendly energy applications, energy resources exploration and utilisation, as well as telecommunications.
Emerging Environmentally-Friendly Energy Businesses This group s development of emerging environmentally-friendly energy businesses and related research and development of new technologies, through its wholly-owned subsidiary ECO Environmental Investments Limited and the latter s subsidiaries (collectively known as ECO ), are progressing steadily forward.
ECO s major businesses in Hong Kong an aviation fuel facility, dedicated liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) vehicular refilling stations and landfill gas utilisation projects are all operating smoothly. Total turnover for ECO s aviation fuel facility for 2015 was 6.07 million tonnes. The LPG refilling station business is progressing steadily, providing a quality and reliable fuel supply to the local taxi and minibus sectors. ECO s landfill gas project in the North East New Territories, after operating for several years, is generating noticeable environmental benefits. On this basis, ECO commenced the development of a South East New Territories landfill gas utilisation project in 2015, with commissioning expected to start in mid-2016, which will further increase the proportion of landfill gas used by this group.
ECO s oilfield project in Thailand, despite the adverse impact of the continuous fall in international oil prices and a slowdown in the mainland economy, is operating smoothly. With several high-yield wells drilled in 2015, this project recorded an output of 1.86 million barrels of oil during the year, an increase of 36% compared to 2014.
ECO s coalbed methane liquefaction facility, located in Jincheng city, Shanxi province, is operating smoothly. Construction of a project in Xuzhou city, Jiangsu province to produce LNG by methanation of coke oven gas has been largely completed; trial operation is expected in the second quarter of 2016. By then, ECO s capability to produce LNG will be enhanced. In addition, ECO is planning to develop a natural gas liquefaction project in Hohhot city, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, to supply LNG for local heavy-duty trucks; commissioning is expected by the end 
A network of ECO natural gas refilling stations is gradually taking shape in, amongst others, Shaanxi, Shandong, Shanxi, Henan and Liaoning provinces. All in all, ECO currently has 60 refilling stations in operation, under construction or at the planning stage, and expansion into more provinces progresses.
ECO is constructing a plant to upgrade low-quality inedible bio-oil. Located in Zhangjiagang city, Jiangsu province, the facility will handle approximately 220,000 tonnes of palm acid oil annually for conversion into high-quality chemical products and low-sulphur fuels; construction is expected to be completed early next year for trial production.
ECO has successfully developed new technologies to convert agricultural and forestry waste into natural gas through thermal gasification and methanation, and also to produce levulinic acid, through hydrolysis, which can be used as a raw material for producing clean fuel additives. ECO is planning to start a pilot project in Hebei province using these technologies expecting to produce natural gas early next year.
ECO s coal-based methanol production plant in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region operated smoothly in 2015. Following the completion of the construction work in mid-2015 to enhance methanol production capacity to over 1,100 tonnes per day, the yield for the whole year rose to over 300,000 tonnes, an increase of 26 per cent compared to 2014. An additional facility to upgrade methanol into natural gasoline (a gasoline substitute chemical product) using self-developed technology is now at the pilot 
ECO is also developing innovative resource conversion technologies for the production of high value-added environmentally-friendly energy. Related research and development has achieved a breakthrough in results, with noticeable economic and environmental benefits, especially in the areas of conversion of coal tar oil into carbon materials, upgrading and utilisation of oil-rich powder coal and conversion of agricultural waste into natural gas and fuel additives.

This group established a medium term note programme in 2009.
Medium term notes totalling HK$1,457 million, with maturity ranging from 10 to 15 years, were issued during 2015. As at 31 December 2015, this group had issued medium term notes of an aggregate amount equivalent to HK$11,800 million with tenors ranging from 5 to 40 years, with an average interest rate at fixed rate of 3.47% and an average tenor of 15 years, under this 
Hong Kong Ferry (Holdings) Company Limited ( Hong Kong Ferry ) Hong Kong Ferry s consolidated profit after taxation for the year ended 31 December 2015 amounted to approximately HK$193 million, a decrease of 81% as compared with the profit after taxation of HK$1,031 million last year.
During the year under review, profit for Hong Kong Ferry was mainly derived from the sale of the residential units of Metro6 and Green Code. The decrease in profit is mainly due to the profit derived from the sale of Metro6, a small scale development project completed during the year under review, is far less than that derived from the sale of Green Code, a large scale development project completed last year.
During 2015, Hong Kong Ferry sold a total of 83 residential units of Metro6 and 19 residential units of Green Code contributing to a total profit of approximately HK$158 million. The unsold residential units of Metro6 and Green Code were 12 and 10 respectively at the year end.
In January 2016, Hong Kong Ferry launched the sale of the residential units of Harbour Park in phases and the response is satisfactory. The project will provide a total gross floor area of approximately 55,000 square feet and is expected to be completed 
The gross rental and other income from its commercial arcades amounted to approximately HK$78 million. The two floors of the commercial podium of Green Code have a gross floor area of approximately 136,000 square feet. The leasing status of the commercial podium of Green Code was satisfactory with the committed occupancy rate stood at 79% at the year end. The shops at the commercial podium of Metro6 were delivered to the tenants in the third quarter of 2015 and the committed tenancy was 97% at the year end. The commercial podium has a gross floor area of approximately 10,000 square feet. The commercial arcades of Shining Heights and The Spectacle were fully let whereas the occupancy rate of the commercial arcades of Metro Harbour Plaza was about 98% at the year end.
During the year under review, the ferry, shipyard and related operations recorded a profit of HK$14 million, an increase of 69% as compared with last year.
Due to the prolonged weakening of the local tourist and consumption market, the operating results of the travel operation recorded a deficit of HK$9.5 million during the year under review, representing an increase of 17% as compared with last year.
During the year, a loss of HK$1.6 million in securities investment was recorded mainly due to the impairment loss on securities investment in excess of the income from and disposal gain of 
The sale of the remaining residential units in Green Code and Metro6 will be the main source of income of Hong Kong Ferry in 2016. Harbour Park, scheduled to be completed in 2017, will be its major project for sale in 2016.
Miramar Hotel and Investment Company, Limited 
Miramar s revenue posted steady growth, rising 4% to approximately HK$3,251 million for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 compared to the last corresponding period (2014: HK$3,127 million). Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 4% to approximately HK$1,355 million (2014: HK$1,301 million). Excluding the net increase in the fair value of its investment properties, underlying profit attributable to shareholders grew by 29% to approximately HK$729 million (2014: HK$567 million). The financial results for 2015 marked the fifth consecutive year of growth in its financial results.
For hotels and serviced apartments business, its EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) amounted to approximately HK$239 million, representing a decline of 2% year-on-year. The Mira Hotel Collection won numerous awards during the year, including The Mira Hong Kong s recognition as the Best Luxury Hotel Spa in the 2015 World Luxury Spa Awards.
Mira Moon was honored with several accolades Best Boutique Hotel Asia Pacific, TTG Awards 2015 and Asia s Best City Boutique Hotel World Boutique Hotel Awards 2015.
Property rental business experienced healthy stable growth in 2015. Rental income grew 5% to HK$834 million, and EBITDA climbed 7% to HK$724 million. Its portfolio consists of over 1 million square feet of shopping malls and an office tower strategically located in the heart of Tsim Sha Tsui. The year saw the completion of a number of aspects of the multi-year asset enhancement program. The main atrium area at the Miramar Shopping Centre was completed during the first quarter of the year. This was followed by a newly created street corner shop at the intersection of Nathan and Kimberley Roads, together with a totally new Kimberley Road facade. FoodLoft was launched in the Miramar Shopping Centre in January 2015. They currently host seven Michelin starred and recommended restaurants, including one two-star, one one-star and three recommended restaurants in FoodLoft and two recommended restaurants in Mira Mall.
Food and Beverage businesses posted healthy growth. Revenue grew 20% to HK$467 million compared to 2014 and EBITDA soared 183% to HK$45 million. A new Tsui Hang Plus loyalty program was launched in August 2015, designed to build and strengthen customer loyalty and engagement with diners patronizing its Tsui Hang Village Cantonese and Yun Yan Sichuan restaurants. Yun Yan was again honored by Michelin Guide, as a Michelin Recommended Bib Gourmand Restaurant for the third time in 2015. As a result, its banqueting segment saw an increase in revenue in 2015. Meanwhile, the School Food chain continued to expand with the addition of four new outlets in Mong Kok, Whampoa, Tai Koo and Tuen Mun.
During the reporting period, outbound traffic continued to increase, particularly in the long haul sector. Overall revenue increased 4% to HK$1,275 million, while EBITDA enjoyed a 39% growth to HK$74 million. Miramar Travel sponsored the popular Empress of China television drama series in April 2015 that increased the brand awareness of Miramar Travel, and subsequently the number of people signing up for tours. Its travel business will continue to invest and develop its online booking capabilities to expand and deepen customer reach.

The Group has always adhered to prudent financial management principles. At 31 December 2015, net debt (including the shareholder s loan totalling HK$1,185 million (2014: HK$5,021 million)) amounted to HK$40,317 million (2014: HK$37,420 million) giving rise to a financial gearing ratio of 16% (2014: 
In March 2015, the Group concluded a HK$18,000 million 5-year term loanrevolving credit facility with a consortium of 22 leading international banks and local financial institutions. It is the largest syndicated credit facility that has ever been concluded by the Group, reflecting the continuing support and trust of the banking community in the Group.
In light of the low interest rate levels resulting from quantitative easing measures adopted by major economies around the world over the past years, the Group has concluded Hong Kong dollar interest rate swap contracts for certain medium and long-term periods. Such contracts were entered into for the purpose of converting part of the Group s Hong Kong dollar borrowings from floating interest rates into fixed interest rates. It is considered that such a treasury management strategy will be of benefit to the Group in the long run.

The recent volatility in the global financial markets and concerns over the slowdown in the mainland economy have posed a drag on the economic growth in Hong Kong. The local property market has shown signs of correction. However, the prevailing low mortgage rate still gives considerable support to home buyers.
During the year under review, the Group has made use of multiple channels to replenish its development land bank in Hong Kong and encouraging progress was achieved. (1) In June 2015, the Group won the tender for a residential site in So Kwun Wat, Tuen Mun, at HK$3,628.9 million. (2) The number of urban redevelopment projects with 80% to 100% of their ownerships acquired increased to 45, representing about 3.8 million square feet in total attributable gross floor area, which is expected to be available for sale or leasing in 2017 or beyond. The Group s efforts in urban redevelopment have begun to bear fruit and significant returns are expected for the years to come. (3) The Group has also increased its land reserves in the New Territories to 45 million square feet, the largest holding among its peers in 
As regards property sales , following the recent successful marketing of Harbour Park , Wellesley and Double Cove Summit , the Group plans to embark on sales launches of two urban redevelopment boutique residences and two commercial office projects in this financial year. Together with the unsold stocks, a total of over 2,100 residential units and 430,000 square feet of quality officecommercial space in Hong Kong will be available for sale in 2016. It is through the above-mentioned diversified means of land replenishment that the Group manages to secure a stable supply of land for property development in the long run, enabling the sustainable growth of its property sales 
Turning to mainland China, it is anticipated that destocking remains the main focus among all the policies for the property industry in 2016. Measures such as intensifying differentiated policies, stimulation of demand and supply control will be put forward gradually. It is also anticipated that easing money supply will persist, whilst the downpayment requirement for first home purchase and interest rates will be further reduced, thus boosting housing demand. The Group will actively look for quality residential and office projects in prime cities, as well as those second-tier cities exhibiting great potential. Also, the Group will continue to step up its co-operation with mainland property 
As regards rental business , the Group currently holds a total attributable gross floor area of approximately 9.1 million square feet in completed investment properties in Hong Kong with most of them being quality offices and large-scale shopping malls, plus approximately 7.3 million square feet of completed investment properties in various prime cities in mainland China. Such a sizeable portfolio of quality investment properties provided an aggregate gross rental income (including the attributable contribution from subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures) of HK$8,152 million during the year under review. In July 2015, a prime officecommercial site of approximately 200,000 square feet in Shanghai Xuhui Riverside development area was acquired at RMB3,872 million. In Hong Kong, an array of rental properties is now under development or under planning, including the office development in King Wah Road, North Point, the redevelopment project at Johnston Road, Wanchai, as well as the project at Middle Road, Tsim Sha Tsui which was acquired through public tender. The Group s rental income is set to grow further against a continually expanding rental portfolio.
The associates , namely, Hong Kong and China Gas, Miramar and Hong Kong Ferry, serve as another steady recurrent income stream to the Group. Hong Kong and China Gas, in particular, is Hong Kong s first public utility company. It has 222 projects spread across 25 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities on the mainland, with businesses encompassing city-gas, city-water, wastewater treatment, natural gas pipelines, new energy, telecommunications and the production of gas-related materials and devices. With a total of over 22.7 million gas customers in Hong Kong and mainland China, as well as extensive coverage in other businesses, its contributions to the Group are 
Founded in 1976, the Group s businesses have grown rapidly over the past 40 years. The three major income pillars (namely, property sales , rental business and associates ), while providing substantial stable income to shareholders, also form a solid base to support the Group s continued asset expansion.
With its sizeable assets, ample financial resources, as well as a shrewd and seasoned management team, the Group is well placed not only to face the challenges ahead but also to seize emerging opportunities to grow from strength to strength.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 
