CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT STRATEGY AND FUTURE PROSPECTS Weakness prevailed in the major global economies in 2011, as the sovereign debt and banking crises, geopolitical events, natural disasters and tight monetary policy in China combined to undermine the modest recovery that had emerged in 2009 and 2010. The financial sector exhibited particular weakness, despite ultra-low interest rates. Concerns over sovereign debt and new capital rules under Basel III led many major international banks to curtail lending and downsize their balance sheets by divesting non-strategic assets.
The BEA Group successfully overcame these macro challenges in 2011, and enters 2012 in a good position.
With a clear focus on the buoyant economies of the Greater China region, BEA s profit attributable to owners of the parent for the year 2011 rose to a new record, up 3.2% to HK$4,358 million. Core business performance continued to shine, with net interest income up 22.8% and net fee and commission income up 13.6% year-on- year. The Board of Directors has declared a second interim dividend (in lieu of final dividend) of HK$0.51 per share for the year ended 31st December, 2011, bringing the dividend for the year to HK$0.94 per share.
Going forward, the BEA Group will further optimise its allocation of resources, enhance asset and liability management, and broaden the range of financial services provided to customers throughout Greater China in order to further build on the Group s multi-year growth trend.
The BEA Group s business on the Mainland is quickly reaching critical mass. Having expanded its branch network to over 100 outlets in 2011, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited ( BEA China ) now manages strong regional banking networks in key markets such as the Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta, and an extensive national banking network covering 30 cities.
At the end of 2011, The People s Bank of China shifted towards a more accommodative monetary stance. In 2012, BEA China will further extend its reach by opening new branches and strengthening its award-winning electronic banking services, and build on its past success to further improve performance.
Having met the statutory loan-to-deposit requirements for Mainland-incorporated foreign banks ahead of schedule in the first half of 2011, lending at BEA China was no longer constrained by the need to improve its loan-to-deposit ratio. Interest income at BEA China grew by 43% last year and, at the end of 2011, the loan-to- deposit ratio stood at 69%, well below the statutory limit of 75%.
Efforts by both the Mainland and Hong Kong governments to expand the international role of Renminbi ( RMB ) gained momentum in 2011, with Hong Kong at the centre of the policy initiatives. The BEA Group is ideally placed to take full advantage of these exciting changes. During the past year the Bank s overseas branches successfully expanded their RMB trade business, with Singapore recording a near doubling of business.
The Group will continue to develop and launch new RMB products and services as opportunities emerge.
The Bank s Hong Kong business will see all-round development in 2012. Local loan demand, particularly from Mainland Chinese enterprises, experienced strong growth in 2011, and the Bank took advantage of this demand to expand its loan portfolio and increase margin on both new loans and those coming up for renewal. Improvements in core lending business will remain a key focus of the Bank s operations in 2012.
The Bank continues to be a good partner for the small and medium size enterprise sector, and will further build on its expertise in this area in 2012. At the same time, the Bank will step up efforts to improve fee income, focussing in particular on its wealth management business, insurance products and treasury.
The Bank will also continue to enhance operational efficiency and productivity by further streamlining branch and back office operations in 2012. New iPhoneAndroid Applications were introduced in 2011 to encourage users to conduct transactions over the Bank s highly secure Internet and mobile-banking networks. This service enjoyed strong take-up, and the Bank will further increase both penetration and services in order to promote the full range of BEA Group consumer products, ranging from banking services, to securities transactions, to insurance.
Meanwhile, the Bank is expanding its efforts to attract students and recent graduates as clients, in order to build long-term relationships with tomorrow s leaders and high earners. The Bank has the largest branch network at tertiary institutions in Hong Kong, and some 90% of student clients maintain their relationships with BEA after graduation.
In the coming year, we expect the external operating environment to remain challenging. In view of this, the BEA Group will strive to develop its unique strengths, focus on its core areas of operation, and offer greater value to its customers through product innovation and the provision of superior customer service.
I would like to thank our Bank s Board of Directors and the directors of our subsidiaries and associated companies for their strong governance, and for their guidance in establishing our Group s strategic direction.
I would also like to thank the members of BEA s management as well as our staff members for their hard work and dedication to our business. Finally, I thank our shareholders and customers for their long-standing loyalty and steadfast support.
David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive Hong Kong, 14th February, 2012 
