CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to inform shareholders that Mr. Tan Man- kou was appointed an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of The Bank of East Asia ( BEA or the Bank ) on 1st December, 2004. Mr. Tan concurrently serves as a consultant to Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu.
I am confident that the valuable contribution of Mr. Tan will lead to the further success of BEA.
In 2004, BEA Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$2,424 million, representing an increase of HK$502 million, or 26.1%, over that of HK$1,922 million for 2003. Basic earnings per share were HK$1.64. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 1.2% and 11.9%, As at 31st December, 2004, total consolidated assets were HK$210,370 million, an increase of HK$11,894 million over the position at the end of 2003. Advances to customers were HK$117,259 million, representing 55.7% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$163,738 million, while debt instruments issued stood at HK$4,179 million. The loan-to- deposit ratio was 69.8%, compared with 63.9% at the end of 2003. Total capital resources increased by 7.3% to HK$26,164 At the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday, 8th April, 2005, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$0.80 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.28 per share paid in September 2004, will constitute a total dividend of HK$1.08 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 27.1% over the total dividend of HK$0.85 per share for the year 2003. Shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on Wednesday, 16th March, 2005 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend. The final dividend will be paid in cash, with an option to receive new, fully paid shares in lieu of cash.
This scrip dividend scheme is conditional upon the passing of the relevant resolution at the Annual General Meeting, and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares.
The dividend warrants and the share certificates for the scrip dividend will be sent to shareholders by ordinary mail on or about Saturday, 9th April, 2005. Details of the scrip dividend and the election form will be sent to shareholders on or about Wednesday, 16th March, 2005.
The year 2004 continued to be a challenging year for the Hong Kong banking industry, as banks grappled with high liquidity in the banking system and soft loan demand. Nevertheless, the overall asset quality of retail banks improved in 2004, as the property market gradually recovered and the bad debt overhang cleared in tandem with improving economic conditions. As a result, there is a general feeling of cautious optimism as we enter 2005. Banks in Hong Kong will continue to seek new revenue sources in view of the keen competition. In addition, due to the forthcoming implementation of new Basel Capital Accord requirements, banks will continue to devote more resources to their overall risk management framework and and
approaches.
BEA continued to grow and expand in 2004. The Bank’s proven
growth strategy enabled it to enhance its franchise and
strengthen its competitive position in the market, despite the
weak loan demand. The Bank will continue to explore new
market opportunities and develop alternate income sources. A
range of innovative products has been developed to serve
customers needs. In particular, aggressive expansion of the
Bank’s wealth management business through the SupremeGold
brand will be maintained. In addition, the Bank will further
leverage its leading position in business, corporate and investor
services through Tricor Holdings Limited, and similar
opportunities in insurance business through Blue Cross (Asia-
Pacific) Insurance Limited. Furthermore, the Bank will continue
to seek potential acquisition and alliance opportunities.
The Bank will further enhance operating efficiencies. The Bank
has conducted a number of initiatives to date, including branch
rationalisation, shifting of certain back-office operations to
Mainland China and the much anticipated office centralisation
project. This project, which will consolidate Hong Kong back
office operations at “Millennium City 5” in Kwun Tong, has
been progressing smoothly. The office tower was ready for
occupation in the fourth quarter of 2004, and the Bank intends
to complete relocation of its support operations to the tower
within the first half of 2005.
The China market remains a key focus of the Bank’s strategy.
Following further expansion of its branch and office network
on the Mainland in 2004, the Bank is well equipped to capture
the opportunities arising from the liberalisation of the banking
sector and continued growth of Renminbi business.
With the Bank’s well-developed market presence and good
business prospects in China, the growing contribution to profits
from corporate services and insurance businesses, as well as
on-going efforts to improve operating efficiencies, BEA will
continue to build for the future and strengthen its franchise in
Hong Kong, the Mainland and international markets.
David LI Kwok-po
Chairman and Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 3rd February, 2005