CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It gives me great pleasure to report that 2012 was another memorable year for Galaxy Entertainment Group.
The Company once again delivered record highs in revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and net profit attributable to shareholders, buoyed by strong performances from Galaxy Macau"! and StarWorld. GEG s well-balanced portfolio of complementary properties set in the gaming hub of the Macau Peninsula and in the fast growing Cotai area has enabled us to effectively cater to a broader customer base that is focused on tourism, leisure and travel.
Group revenue and earnings registered significant gains in 2012, up 38% and 71% respectively. A very strong performance in the mass segment and solid VIP win, coupled with Galaxy Macau"! s first full year of operation, were instrumental in the Group delivering Adjusted EBITDA of just under HK$10 billion.
The Group s continued success derives from being a local operator with an intrinsic understanding of Asian customer tastes and preferences. Our World Class, Asian Heart philosophy permeates all aspects of the business, from our spectacular properties, to our innovative products, services and people. It is especially pleasing that our peers have recognised our many achievements, included awarding us numerous prestigious industry accolades, including at the recent International Gaming Awards held in London where we were named Casino Operator of the Year AustraliaAsia, for the second year running. We appreciate the recognition for the hard work and dedication of our staff and it is a ringing endorsement of the progress we are making in realising our vision to be globally recognised as Asia s leading gaming and entertainment corporation .
As we look ahead, GEG has a clear roadmap for short, medium and long-term growth. In the short term we will continue to build upon Galaxy Macau"! s success.
Turning to the medium term, we are reinvesting some of the significant returns we have achieved over the years in the accelerated launch of Phase 2 of Galaxy Macau"!. Targeted to complete in mid-2015 as the next major project to open in Macau, it will provide an incomparable selection of accommodation, dining, retail and entertainment options, increasing the attractiveness of Galaxy Macau"! and Macau itself. And finally, we will shortly submit development plans for Phases 3 and 4 in Cotai that will provide enormous potential for growth in the longer term. Together, these initiatives leave us well positioned to continue to create substantial value for our shareholders in the coming years and assist Macau as it looks to enhance its standing as one of the world s must 
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Macau continues to move forward in establishing itself as one of the world s premier tourism destinations, continually enhancing its incredible selection of hotel, dining and entertainment options. While total visitor numbers were only marginally up on the previous year, visits from Mainland China increased more strongly. Mainland Chinese visitors now account for more than 60% of total visitors. Total gaming revenue for the year increased by 14% to HK$295 billion, with the mass segment posting growth of almost 33%. Comparing this level of mass growth against the increase in visitor numbers indicates that Macau is succeeding in attracting leisure travellers.
Historically, Macau s growth has been constrained by infrastructure that is now being addressed. The much anticipated Guangzhou-Zhuhai Intercity Mass Rapid Transit, connecting Guangzhou South Station and Zhuhai s Gongbei, became operational on 31 December 2012. As Guangzhou is one of the key hubs on the high speed railway network in China, we believe this completed railway line will play an important role in enabling Macau to deepen its penetration into China. The border gate expansion at Gongbei, expected to complete in the near future and should also facilitate greater ease of access to Macau, and in turn, encourage increased visitations.

Our flagship property in Cotai has become one of Macau s premier destinations. Its reputation for providing customers with a unique, high quality Asian experience has grown quarter on quarter, translating to an excellent financial performance generating a latest twelve months ROI of 38%. Galaxy Macau"! ended its first full year of operation with its best ever quarter.
During the year, Galaxy Macau"! strengthened its gaming and entertainment offering by opening two new luxurious Sky Casinos, the Pavilion High Limit Slots, an additional VIP room and its private members club China Rouge. The Sky Casinos provide discretion and privacy to Asia s most discerning customers. At the recent International Gaming Awards it was named Casino VIP Room of the Year, underscoring the quality and appeal of the product.
There is further scope for improvement at Galaxy Macau"! as it looks to build its brand, increase customer loyalty, drive higher value visitations and also maximise returns from its existing extensive amenities.
STARWORLD HOTEL & CASINO StarWorld again delivered solid growth in earnings, a considerable feat given the well-publicised moderation in industry VIP revenues in 2012. It is one of the highest returning casinos in the world, delivering the latest twelve months ROI of 94%. Hotel occupancy remained at near capacity throughout the year at 99%.
To ensure its enduring appeal and popularity, the management team is currently implementing new growth initiatives to further improve the product and service experience. We expect to complete a majority of these enhancements in mid-2013.

Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and Phases 3 & 4 In 2012, GEG set out its medium and longer term plans for Macau s largest casino designated landbank in Macau, beginning with the accelerated launch of Phase 2 of Galaxy Macau"!. Building on the overwhelming success of Phase 1 and the healthy prospects for Macau, it will virtually double the existing footprint of the property. Its completion is on schedule for mid-2015.
Highlights of Phase 2 of Galaxy Macau"! include: " Two new luxurious hotels including The Ritz Carlton s first ever all-suite hotel and the world s largest JW Marriott, bringing the grand total to 3,600 rooms, suites and villas across five luxury hotels " Expanded retail space to over 100,000 square metres, comprising nearly 200 high end retail stores " Significantly increased meeting, event and banquet space with total capacity of 3,000 guests " An enhanced must see skytop wave pool resort deck, with additional leisure amenities and landscaped tropical gardens These wide reaching improvements to what is already a compelling offer, will provide customers with a fresh and 
Turning to the longer term, we are well advanced in drawing up exciting plans for Phases 3 & 4 that will span one million square metres. The project will focus on providing an unprecedented range of innovative entertainment, cultural and MICE facilities, and will be principally targeted at premium mass guests. We expect to add a further 5,500 hotel rooms and suites, a state of the art multi-purpose 10,000 seat arena for world class entertainment and sporting events as well as a 1,500 seat multi-purpose showroom, and a 50,000 square metre convention centre that can seat up to 5,000 guests among 
With the substantial development growth pipeline, the Board of Directors has decided to reinvest all surplus funds into the development of the Company. As a result, the Board of Directors does not recommend the payment of a full year dividend for the year ended 31 December 
Following a further reduction in Permira s investment in GEG, Mr. Henry Chen, a Non-executive Director nominated by Permira, resigned from the Board on 3 September 2012. The Board would like to express its gratitude to Mr. Chen for his support and invaluable contribution to the business during the term of his appointment.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK Macau s prospects remain good. While the spectacular growth achieved in the early years in Macau has started to moderate as expected, an exciting evolution of the market is taking place with growth in the mass segment gathering pace. Mass now accounts for 26% of total gaming revenue, but virtually half of profits. We believe GEG s high quality portfolio of properties, equipped with diverse leisure and entertainment options that appeal to a broad cross section of guests, leave it extremely well positioned to take advantage of the growing proportion of travel and leisure- seeking guests from Mainland China. The construction of major infrastructure projects such as the construction of the Guangzhou-Zhuhai Intercity Mass Rapid Transit extension line and the Guangzhou-Zhuhai Super Highway ending at Hengqin Island, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge and the Light Rail Transit connecting Macau, Taipa and Cotai, are expected to play a crucial role in improving access and driving new visitors to Macau. In addition, Hengqin Island, which is located adjacent to Macau and with a total area of over three times of Macau, has all the benefits required for developing a truly resort destination to offer low rise low density non-gaming leisure and entertainment amenities, which we strongly believe will be complementary to Macau and help develop Macau into the world centre of tourism and leisure.CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS DIVISION GEG s Construction Materials Division posted another solid set of results, achieving year-on-year revenue growth of 30% to HK$2 billion and Adjusted EBITDA growth of 6% to HK$459 million.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY GEG has enjoyed a decade of strong partnership with the Macau Government, contributing to Macau s transformation into one of the world s most vibrant and dynamic tourism and leisure destinations. As a leading employer and a proud member of the Macau community, we take seriously our role in supporting the growth, prosperity and sustainable development of Macau.
As an active member of the Responsible Gaming Working Committee, GEG joins the related local parties in Macau in developing initiatives aimed at enhancing the responsible gaming culture. Additionally, GEG believes in a healthy and safe working environment for our team members and customers and therefore, we support the new era of a smoke-free Macau and act in compliance of the Macau Government to clearly split smoker friendly areas and other 
During the year we made great strides in becoming a greener business by reducing our energy consumption and the amount of water used. We also participated in and sponsored a number of sporting, educational and community services initiatives, including organising through the GEG Volunteer Team a total of 26 volunteering activities for 24 different charitable associations and hosting the Macau Galaxy Entertainment International Marathon 2012 for the 9th consecutive year. We remain firmly committed to helping create a better future for Macau and its citizens.

GEG achieved excellent results in 2012, with Galaxy Macau"! contributing an impressive first full year of revenues and earnings and StarWorld delivering another solid full year performance. Galaxy Macau"! continues to improve each quarter, and we believe there is further potential to drive visitation and optimise utilisation and returns from the property in the short and medium term.
As the owner of the largest casino designated landbank in Macau, we are now well advanced in mapping out the Company s longer term growth with Phases 3 and 4 in Cotai. We believe these properties will set a new benchmark for the leisure and entertainment industry in Asia, and we expect them to provide a platform for growth for many years to come.
In this new financial year, GEG s management will remain focused on extracting synergies across our complementary portfolio of properties. Further out, GEG s track record in building and operating some of the largest and most innovative leisure and entertainment properties in the world, give us confidence that we can successfully execute our medium and longer term development plans, and in turn, generate substantial value for shareholders in 
I would like to take this opportunity to extend a warm and sincere thank you to our management team and each and every team member at GEG who have played a crucial role in achieving the Group s success. I would also like to express our gratitude to the Macau SAR Government for its continued support to the industry and to GEG s growth and diversification plans. GEG remains fully committed to support the Macau Government in leveraging on its advantages to diversify Macau and enhance its position as a world class tourism destination, and lay a solid foundation for Macau s future development.
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
