CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT The financial tsunami that swept over the global economy in September 2008 has left a bleak economic landscape in its wake. This has led to a sudden and sharp plunge in new business for local and regional companies and the unprecedented scale of the decline is destined to have a significant impact well into 2009. The economic outlook for the second half of the year very much depends on the ability of the United States to recover from the deepening housing market crisis and credit squeeze. Until the United States is able to engineer a recovery, all eyes will be on China as a pillar of economic stability.
During the coming year, BEA will continue to leverage its strong position on the Mainland to provide new growth opportunities and to cushion the Bank from the impact of the recession in the United States. The Bank is uniquely placed to execute this strategy, having taken steps to further enhance its franchise on the Mainland during 2008. Significantly, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited launched both RMB debit cards and RMB credit cards during the past year, becoming the first foreign bank operating on the Mainland to do so. The Bank also further expanded and strengthened its branch network, and will maintain an aggressive branch expansion strategy during 2009. In addition, the Bank will adhere to an ambitious timetable for the roll out of new products and services for Mainland customers, expanding its product range in the areas of local and foreign currency business, trade finance, personal cyber-banking, SupremeGold and private banking, and corporate wealth management.
In Hong Kong, BEA will place more emphasis on traditional banking business and products, including corporate banking, small-and-medium-size enterprise business, and consumer finance. Management will continue to manage the asset and liability mix proactively, in order to boost interest income and diversify revenue streams. In addition, the Bank will further leverage cross-selling opportunities with Group companies, Tricor Group, Blue Cross (Asia-Pacific) Insurance Limited and BEA Life, in order to raise fee- based income. BEA will also continue to identify and explore new acquisitions and strategic alliances.
In overseas markets, BEA will maintain its focus on its niche market position with overseas Chinese communities, taking advantage of links to the resilient Mainland economy to promote new business despite the weak economic environment in North America 
Enhanced operating efficiency will be a key driver of success in 2009. The Bank will fast track new initiatives to improve operating processes and to control costs.
BEA will further enhance its risk assessment capability, and strengthen both the management framework and corporate governance to ensure that the Bank is well-positioned to emerge from the current economic conditions stronger and better able to take advantage of 
I was greatly saddened by the passing of Mr. Tan Man- kou, Independent Non-executive Director, on 14th August, 2008. To fill the vacancy left by Mr. Tan, the Board of Directors appointed Mr. Valiant Cheung Kin- piu as an Independent Non-executive Director effective from 15th December, 2008. With Mr. Cheung s wealth of experience, I am confident that his contribution to the Board will lead to the further success of the BEA Group.
Mr. Joseph Pang Yuk-wing, Executive Director & Deputy Chief Executive of the Bank, will retire and resign as a Director of the Bank upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 16th April, 2009. Mr. Pang has spent his entire working career with the Bank. He joined BEA in 1973 and was appointed an Executive Director and Deputy Chief Executive in 1995.
He has served the Bank loyally for over 35 years, playing a significant role in its growth. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our heartfelt gratitude to Mr. Pang for his invaluable contribution to BEA over the past 35 years, and I wish him great happiness, good health and success for the future.
In this our 90th year, we celebrate nine decades of partnership with the people of Hong Kong. Throughout our history, we have worked together with the local community to help individuals realise their dreams; to help families prosper; and to help businesses grow. I take this opportunity to express our sincere thanks to our valued customers, friends and business associates for their loyal patronage and support through the years. With their support together with the wisdom and experience of our Board and the professionalism of our colleagues, we look forward to even greater success in the decades to come.
David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive Hong Kong, 17th February, 2009 
