CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to inform shareholders that Mr. Kenneth LO Chin-ming was appointed an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of The Bank of East Asia ( BEA or the Bank ) on 1st May, 2005, and Mr. Eric LI Fook-chuen was appointed a Non-executive Director of the Bank on 25th January, 2006. Mr. Lo is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Industrial Bank of Taiwan, and Mr. Li the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Kowloon Dairy Limited. I am confident that the valuable contribution of Mr. Lo and Mr. Li will lead to the further success of BEA.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday, 7th April, 2006, Dr. Simon LI Fook-sean will retire in accordance with the Articles of Association and will not seek re-election. Dr. Simon Li was appointed a Director of the Bank in 1987 and has served BEA for 19 years. On behalf of the Board, I take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to Dr. Li for his wise counsel and invaluable contribution to BEA during his tenure of service on the Board and wish him every happiness, good health and success for the future.
In 2005, BEA Group achieved a profit attributable to equity holders of the Group of HK$2,749 million, representing an increase of HK$401 million, or 17.1%, over that of HK$2,348 million in 2004. Basic earnings per share were HK$1.83. Return on average assets and return of average equity were 1.3% and 
As at 31st December, 2005, total consolidated assets were HK$238,799 million, an increase of HK$28,429 million over the position at the end of 2004. Advances to customers stood at HK$138,744 million, representing 58.1% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$175,895 million, while certificates of deposit and subordinated debt issued stood at HK$6,431 million and HK$8,549 million, respectively. The loan to deposit ratio was 76.1%, compared with 69.8% at the end of 2004. Total equity increased by 11.6% to HK$24,405 million.
At the Annual General Meeting, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$0.93 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.33 per share paid in September 2005, will constitute a total dividend of HK$1.26 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 16.7% over the total dividend of HK$1.08 per share for the year 2004. Shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on Wednesday, 15th March, 2006 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend. The final dividend will be paid in cash, with an option to receive new, fully paid shares in lieu of cash.
This scrip dividend scheme is conditional upon the passing of the relevant resolution at the Annual General Meeting, and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting approval to the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares. The dividend warrants and the share certificates for the scrip dividend will be sent to shareholders by ordinary mail on or about Saturday, 8th April, 2006. Details of the scrip dividend and the election form will be sent to shareholders on or about Wednesday, 15th March, 2006.
In 2005, the operating environment in Hong Kong improved, and loan demand increased in tandem with the strong growth of the local economy. However, economic growth moderated in the final quarter, as the spike in interest rates in the last half of the year dampened consumer sentiment toward property investment and consumption. Despite the weakness at the end of the year, the overall asset quality of the Banks portfolio improved and the Bank was able to make significant progress in recovery of bad debt.
The outlook for 2006 is favourable, although global and local economies are likely to expand at a more moderate pace than in 2005. Loan demand and business opportunities are expected to remain buoyant as a result of strong business sentiment and the relocation of some economic activity, particularly in the textiles and clothing sector, from the Mainland back to Hong Kong. To improve income growth, banks will continue to diversify into fee-generating businesses such as wealth management and structured products. Furthermore, banks will continue to invest in improving their risk management infrastructure in order to meet the regulatory requirements of the new Basel Capital Accord.
In 2005, BEA maintained its strategic focus on growth and efficiency enhancement, and continued to develop new revenue streams. The Bank launched a number of distinctive products in both Hong Kong and China to meet market needs. The Bank will continue to actively develop its wealth management business, including private banking and structured products.
Furthermore, BEA will continue to exploit cross-selling opportunities by promoting Tricor s leading corporate services and share registration service and Blue Cross insurance products.
Last, but not least, the Bank will also continue to look for ROE accretive expansion opportunities via acquisitions and strategic alliances in Hong Kong, the Mainland and elsewhere.
With further expansion of its extensive branch network in the Mainland, the Bank will continue to enhance its strong franchise in China through capturing business opportunities arising from the introduction of CEPA and China s accession to the World Trade Organization ( WTO ). One area that offers great potential is personal Renminbi ( RMB ) business in Hong Kong.
BEA will also continue to strengthen its position in overseas markets, including the United States, Canada and South East 
