CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It is my pleasure to present to you our valuable shareholders our performance report for calendar year 2008. It has been a most eventful year. The year ended with a financial crisis that evolved into an abrupt global economic slowdown.
Fortunately, I have experienced numerous global economic cycles in the past and I have always encouraged my executive management team to be balanced and prudent in any business making decisions. As a result of this practical financial management strategy, today your Company is in a very sound financial position with a balance sheet which includes a sizable cash balance of approximately HK$5 billion and no debt maturing until December 2010.
Our operating businesses both the Gaming and Entertainment Division and the Construction Materials Division continue to perform satisfactorily during the period. During 2008 our market share of gaming revenue grew from 10% to 13%.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Total gaming revenue grew by 31% in 2008, from HK$81 billion to HK$106 billion. A substantial portion of this growth occurred in the first half of the year and was fuelled by a large infusion of credit into the market. In fact the first half of the year experienced growth rates of approximately 50%, which we believe is unsustainable in the longer term.
As a result of this excessive growth the Central Government has implemented travel restrictions to slow the rate of growth to a manageable and sustainable level. We fully support this initiative of the Central Government and believe in the medium term that this will be positive for Macau as it will allow for the development of infrastructure to match 
Throughout the year visitor arrivals to Macau from South East Asia grew substantially. This bodes well for Macau as it confirms the broader appeal of Macau to international visitors and confirms that Macau is developing as a truly international tourism and entertainment destination. Galaxy continues to work closely with the MGTO (Macau Government Tourist Authority) to further enhance the appeal of Macau to the global market.
FURTHER STRENGTHENED OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM Galaxy is very pleased to have Mr. Michael Mecca joining us as the President and Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Mecca has over 30 years of experience in the gaming and hotel industry and a distinguished career in leadership roles with a number of globally recognized gaming and hospitality brands, including Station Casinos Inc., Las Vegas, Mandalay Resorts Group, Las Vegas and Caesars World Inc., Las Vegas. Prior to joining Galaxy, he was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Planet Hollywood, Las Vegas.
GALAXY MACAU COTAI Under the influence of the global financial turmoil, the Group made a strategic decision to slow the pace of development in Cotai with the aim to complete construction and open the project as economic conditions improve. We wish to reconfirm that construction continues at Cotai, but at a slower pace. Galaxy is well positioned to rapidly accelerate construction once economic indicators point towards an improving economic environment.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK Looking forward, there will be further development of the infrastructure in Macau which will improve the accessibility to Macau. The expansion of the Barrier Gate and the commencement of the operation of the second ferry terminal by the end of 2009 will increase the capacity of both entry points for visitor arrivals. By 2010, the Guangzhou-Zhuhai High Speed Railway will also be completed and the network will allow people to move throughout the Guangdong region to Macau in just one hour. Furthermore, the Central Government has publicly stated its full support for the construction of the HK$70 billion Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge and construction will commence in 2009. All of these infrastructure initiatives will enhance the development of Macau.

The Group welcomes the appointment of Dr. Patrick Wong Lung Tak as an independent non-executive Director on 20 August 2008 bringing substantial management expertise and business experience to the Group.
Dr. Moses Cheng Mo Chi will retire as an independent non-executive Director and will not seek for re-election at our Annual General Meeting on 22 June 2009. I extend my sincere appreciation to Dr. Cheng for his invaluable advice and contribution to the Group during his term of appointment.

Whilst 2008 was a challenging year, the Group s performance remained very credible. Significant milestones were achieved by the Company, including the continuing strong performance of StarWorld in a most competitive environment, the successful repositioning of City Clubs that are now making a positive financial contribution.
In closing I would like to express my sincere thanks to all members of the Galaxy team for their loyal support and hard work throughout 2008. I believe Galaxy is well positioned for 2009 and beyond and I look forward to providing you our valuable shareholders with further updates in the future.
Dr. Lui Che Woo, GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
Hong Kong, 24 April 2009 
