Chairman s statement For the year 2014, The Bank of East Asia Group recorded a record-high profit attributable to owners of the parent of HK$6,661 million, representing an increase of HK$48 million or 0.7% compared with the HK$6,613 million reported for 2013. Basic earnings per share stood at HK$2.72. Return on average equity and return on average assets were 10.1% and 0.8%, respectively.
The Board of Directors has declared a second interim dividend of HK$0.68 per share for the year ended 31st December, 2014, bringing the dividend for the year to HK$1.11 per share.
The global economy weathered an uneven 2014.
While the US economy steadily improved during the year, China s economy grew at a slower pace and the economies of Europe and Japan were sluggish. Slower growth in China led to decreased spending by Mainland tourists in Hong Kong. As a result, domestic retail sales were weak while the unemployment rate edged slightly higher during the year. Property prices continued to increase, although overall market activity remained subdued due to the government s cooling measures.
The overall operating environment is expected to remain challenging in 2015.
Against this uncertain backdrop, BEA will continue to focus on capitalising on trade and investment flows to and from China by leveraging the strength of its operations in Hong Kong and on the Mainland, as well as its strategic presence in markets around the world with well-established Chinese communities. Cross-border financing will remain a major growth engine for our Group s business in the coming year, and we will enhance our product range to meet the needs of high net-worth and corporate clients in China seeking to expand their businesses in Hong Kong and overseas.
Our China operations will remain a key driver of business growth and a source of new customers for the Group.
While the Central Government s economic restructuring programme should continue to adversely affect asset quality and net interest margins in the Mainland s banking industry, we will explore new opportunities as we continue to invest in BEA China.
In view of the highly competitive nature of the retail banking industry in the markets we serve, differentiation through greater customer centricity will underpin our growth strategy. By providing the best customer experience possible, we aim to attract and retain a growing number of affluent customers who regard us as their key banking partner.
We will remain at the forefront of technology in our business by enriching the content and extending the reach of our electronic banking services. In Hong Kong, we will continue to roll out digital branches, which will enable us to serve our customers more efficiently while we reduce costs.
To enhance operating efficiency and productivity, we will take additional steps to improve work flows with the aid of technology, merging processes across operational units. In addition, we will continue to prudently manage our operating expenses to further improve our cost-to- 
BEA will capture new growth opportunities in China by strengthening its relationships with strategic partners, including CaixaBank of Spain and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation of Japan, and driving new business to our branches in Hong Kong and Mainland China.
In September 2014, we entered into a non-binding memorandum of understanding with SMBC in relation to a proposed subscription by SMBC of new shares in BEA.
This investment will further strengthen the relationship between SMBC and BEA, and help ensure that BEA has sufficient capital to meet stringent regulatory requirements in the future. It will also provide us with a solid foundation to pursue growth opportunities, particularly in Mainland China.
Operating within an increasingly complex regulatory framework, BEA has chosen to take a proactive approach to regulatory compliance by actively engaging with regulators to ensure that all new requirements are met in a timely manner. To strengthen its risk culture and governance, the Bank has enhanced control at all levels and conducts risk and compliance training for its staff.
As a corporate citizen, we are keenly aware of our responsibility not only to our shareholders, but also to our customers, employees, and the community at large. In recent years, we have made great strides in the development of our corporate social responsibility programme. Through The Bank of East Asia Charitable Foundation and its charity partners, we have established several important programmes in support of education and social welfare including palliative care for terminally- ill patients in residential homes in Hong Kong. On the Mainland, the Shanghai Soong Ching Ling Foundation BEA Charity Fund continues to promote the advancement of education for children in rural areas through its flagship 
