CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It is with great pleasure that I am able to report to you that 2009 was a very successful year for Galaxy, and for Macau as a whole. The first six months were best characterised as being a recovery from the impact of the economic crisis which swept the world in 2008. In the second half of the year, we witnessed powerful growth with Asia s economy visibly outperforming North America and much of Europe.
Despite the turbulent markets of the previous year, Galaxy began 2009 in a strong position with low gearing and a very balanced portfolio of cash generative and well managed growth businesses. We were not, however, complacent. As a result of a wide reaching efficiency programme implemented during the latter part of 2008 and in 2009, we were able to maximise returns and capitalise fully on the recovering confidence and strong economic fundamentals of the Chinese and wider Asian economies.
All of our operating businesses performed well during the year under review. Our flagship property StarWorld stood out, delivering sequential quarter-on-quarter growth throughout the year, culminating in an exceptional and record breaking fourth quarter. In total, StarWorld has now achieved six consecutive quarters of revenue and EBITDA growth, driven by strong VIP gaming growth and robust mass gaming revenues. StarWorld also boasts one of the highest hotel occupancy rates in Macau.
As one of the world s fastest growing gaming companies, we have always prided ourselves on our long-term vision.
We are very excited to be gearing-up for the launch of Galaxy Macau "! , our major new development in Cotai, which is scheduled to open in early 2011. Funding for the integrated resort is now committed by a consortium of Asia s leading banks and much of the key management team is now assembled. The fully integrated resort with 2,200 rooms, suites and floating villas was conceived by the very best Asian architects and designers. With a development cost of HK$14.1 billion, it will be a truly unique concept in Asia, and a game changer for the Group.
Galaxy Macau "! will be an integrated resort designed specifically to meet the tastes, preferences and aspirations of Asian customers and this, combined with our World Class, Asian Heart service, will ensure that the resort is a resounding success. In Galaxy Macau "! we are delighted to be opening one of the largest, most opulent and keenly anticipated developments in Macau s history.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW The deterioration of market conditions during 2008 led to a muted beginning of 2009. However, real momentum developed in the middle of the year and this continued to build through to December.
During the year under review, total gaming revenues in the SAR grew by nearly 10% over the previous year to approximately HK$115 billion. This was primarily driven by improving business confidence across Asia and in mainland China, as it became increasingly clear that Eastern economies were weathering the economic storm better than their Western counterparts; achieving growth when economies in North America and Europe were contracting. Improvements in market sentiment were underpinned by the Chinese Government s prudent deployment of stimulus packages to improve China s infrastructure and promote domestic demand.
During 2009, the Government of Macau introduced a number of progressive measures to ensure the managed and sustainable development of the SAR s economy. On 1 December a commission cap was introduced limiting the commission payable on rolling VIP chips to Macau s VIP Promoters to encourage a fair playing field in the market. As an established operator with established VIP Promoter relationships and a long-term view on the development of Macau, we welcome this and future Government-led stabilising initiatives.
Galaxy continues to work closely with the Macau Government to further enhance the appeal of Macau to the local and global market. We are very proud, with the opening of Galaxy Macau "! , to be leading the charge in developing Macau as a more integrated leisure destination.

In recent years we have significantly strengthened our senior management team, recruiting very senior and well respected industry figures to head the Group s operations and the ever more important financial function.
A number of exceptional people were recruited into senior roles during 2009 and have already helped to increase the efficiency of StarWorld and prepare for the build-up to the opening of Galaxy Macau "! Gabriel Sargent Hunterton joined Galaxy as Chief Operating Officer, StarWorld, bringing with him 12 years of industry experience, most recently as Senior Vice President, Business Development of another leading Macau gaming operator.
Andrew Duggan, who joined as Vice President, Finance (Gaming), has over 25 years experience in financial leadership, including his recent tenure as Vice President, Finance at one of Las Vegas flagship properties.
GALAXY MACAU "! COTAI Market conditions improved significantly during 2009, and in the middle of the year Galaxy announced the timeline for launching its game changing destination resort in Cotai: Galaxy Macau "! .
With its signature oasis resort sitting 30 metres above the five auspiciously themed gaming areas and an unparalleled array of leisure and dining options, Galaxy Macau "! will be a unique proposition; Macau s first Asian centric integrated resort, and one of the largest leisure complexes in Asia. It is the largest entertainment and gaming development opening in Macau in the next 12 months and will offer the most diverse range of Asian food and Asian accommodation in 
Galaxy Macau "! is being built with Asian pride. It will be a place guided by World Class, Asian Heart , where people from the world s most populous country, and across the region, will feel welcomed, comfortable, and very much at home. Galaxy Macau "! : built by Asians, for Asians Authentically Asian.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK Prospects for Macau s continued stellar growth are very promising. The economies of Asia are outperforming their Western counterparts and the leisure and entertainment sector is increasingly benefitting from structural, demographic and social development, especially in China.
Market performance during the first quarter of 2010 has been very encouraging, showing a clear upward trend in both visitation and customer spend. This is driven in part by the increasing accessibility of Macau from Mainland China, where the development of a national rail network is well advanced, already linking Macau s neighbour Guangzhou with access to a combined population of 220 million.
During 2010 there is very limited additional supply coming to the market. Only one new development is due to open before 2011, with fewer than 100 tables. Therefore, as demand continues to grow rapidly, with limited additional supply entering the market, we do not anticipate a significant increase in competition in advance of opening Galaxy Macau "! .

The Group welcomes the appointment of Mr. Henry Chen, who joined the Board shortly after the year-end, as a non- executive director representing Permira Advisers. Mr. Chen brings a deep understanding of Asian financial markets, particularly China, and has an exceptional pedigree in investment banking and financing.
Mr. Chen replaces Mr. Guido Paolo Gamucci, who resigned from the Board on 20 January 2010 after retiring from Permira Advisers. We thank Mr. Gamucci for his valuable contribution to the Company and wish him very well for the 
Dr. Moses Cheng Mo Chi retired by rotation as a non-executive director at the annual general meeting held on 22 June 2009 after having served on the Board for more than twelve years. We thank Dr. Cheng for his valuable contribution to the Company and wish him all the best.
POST YEAR-END RESULTS On 12 April 2010, the Company announced an oversubscribed HK$8.8 billion Club Loan financing package for the development of Galaxy Macau "! . The participating Banks included Industrial & Commercial Bank of China (Macau) Ltd, Bank of China Limited, Macau Branch, DBS Bank Ltd., Hang Seng Bank Limited, The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, Banco Nacional Ultramarino and Guangdong Development Bank. Subsequent to this we are pleased to report that the Club Loan has been upsized to HK$9.0 billion.
We view such support from a consortium of leading Asian Banks as a huge vote of confidence in Galaxy Entertainment Group and an endorsement of our business strategy and market proposition.
On 14 January 2010, the Group called and cancelled the remaining outstanding Floating Rate Notes due 2010. The principal amount paid was US$106 million (HK$824 million). The combined Bonds buyback program and the call of the remaining outstanding 2010 Bonds will generate an interest payment savings of US$67 million (HK$520 million) over the life of the paper.
On 23 March 2010, the Secretary for Economy and Finance of the Macau Government announced that the number of gaming tables would be limited to 5,500 over the period of the next three years. We support this policy and remain confident that Galaxy Macau "! will open with sufficient tables.

Galaxy is in a stronger commercial and financial position today than ever before. 2009 was an exceptional year of growth. StarWorld continues to evolve and is now one of the very best performing VIP properties in Macau and, therefore, the world. Looking to the long-term, our plans for the opening of Galaxy s Cotai development advanced dramatically during the year. Galaxy Macau "! , the first phase of this development, and the most exceptional destination resort in Macau, will open on time and on budget in early 2011.
The Galaxy team grew rapidly in 2009 and will continue to do so in the immediate future as we recruit talented new staff to launch and operate Galaxy Macau "! . The results we are reporting here are not only testament to the strength of our business and our focus on optimising investment returns, but also to the team we have assembled.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of the Galaxy team for their exceptional hard work and productivity during 2009, and the invaluable contribution they have made to our breathtaking success.
Dr. Lui Che Woo, GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
