CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In a challenging business environment, Wheelock turned in a solid result for 2014 with record property sales in Hong Kong, a balanced landbank and stable gearing. On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my gratitude to the directors and the team for their commitment and contribution to the Group, and to our shareholders and partners for their continued support throughout the years.
The global political and economic landscape is ever-changing. All eyes are on interest rates, and swings in foreign exchange rates, particularly in the Euro and Yen, and their impact on the traditional flows. The Euro Zone and Russia face serious challenges. In China, the leadership has a clear agenda to rebalance the economy. The slower but intended higher quality growth, forecast at 7% this year, is the new normal as urbanization and anti-graft initiatives continue.
These are all positives for the long-term, though there will be short-term challenges. On another note, the US is showing signs of recovery and there is bustling activity and development in the technology and innovation sectors.
Key quantitative easing programmes from leading economies are setting the pace in curing deflationary biases in their respective economies.
Global liquidity continues to put pressure on asset values in Hong Kong, Singapore and Mainland China, where government property cooling measures have impacted transaction volumes over the past few years.
Despite a challenging year with a tough final quarter, the Hong Kong economy grew steadily by 2.9% with unemployment at 3%. The Government continues to invest in infrastructure projects and is implementing its long-term land supply strategy but concerns remain over the impact of persistent property cooling measures.
And despite adjustments in commodity prices globally, local construction costs continue to rise.

In the Development Properties (DP) business, improved demand supported growth in primary transaction volumes in 2014. Wheelock Properties Limited ( WPL ) focused on its core business in Hong Kong, choosing to drive an asset turnover strategy. This resulted in a record year for sales, led by the successful launch of Grand Austin along with the HK$5.4 billion transaction with Citigroup at One Bay East. In the second half, The Parkside received positive response, giving additional confidence to the three upcoming waterfront developments at O South. Our landbank stands at 7.8 million square feet with 1.5 million square feet acquired over the course of the year.
Through our subsidiary The Wharf (Holdings) Limited ( Wharf ), Wharf, our sizeable Investment Properties (IP) portfolio in Hong Kong captured 10% of total retail sales and continued to outperform the market. The China IP portfolio has recorded solid growth with retail revenues up 87% on the back of the successful launch of Chengdu IFS, which contributed to 44% of revenues. In a measured market, our China DP had a steady year with sales reaching a 
The Group continued to maintain a strong financial position with a gearing ratio of 28.4% and with substantial sales receivables.
Business In Community As a responsible business with a long history in Hong Kong, we place great importance on giving back to the community. Our key focus is on youth and sustainability.
Thanks to active support by local and international companies, Wharf s Project WeCan has expanded its reach from 10 to 44 Band 3 schools and 40,000 disadvantaged students. With further support from businesses and the community, the long-term goal is to cover all 150 schools and positively impact more than 150,000 students by equipping them with basic skills, exposing them to different career options and inspiring them to strive to create a better life for themselves.
Wheelock again co-hosted the Swim For A Million 2014 fundraiser with Community Chest and raised over HK$4 million to support youth services. This has become one of the largest team swimming events in the region with more than 480 participants and volunteers.
The Group pursues environmental best practices.
WPL published its first GRI-guided CSR report in 2014 while Wheelock & Company will be publishing its first Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Report this year. WPL offices and construction sites achieved 22% and 62% carbon emission reduction in 2014, meeting the 15% reduction target in just two years.

The performance of the Group is a reflection of the dedication and professionalism of the entire team. I would like to thank especially Mr Stephen Ng and Mr Stewart Leung, deputy chairman and vice chairman of Wheelock, and senior director Mr Peter Woo, who have been of great support during my first year as Chairman.
As a future focused property developer with high levels of transparency and a prudent approach, we are well positioned to deal with challenges, expand on our capabilities and capture the opportunities ahead.
Douglas C K Woo 
