CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2007, the BEA Group recorded a profit after tax of HK$4,221 million, representing an increase of HK$735 million, or 21.1%, compared to the HK$3,486 million earned in 2006. Basic earnings per share reached HK$2.65. Return on average assets and return of average equity were 1.2% and 14.6%, respectively.
As at 31st December, 2007, total consolidated assets stood at HK$393,979 million, an increase of HK$99,777 million over the position at the end of 2006. Advances to customers stood at HK$218,184 million, representing 55.4% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$284,186 million, while certificates of deposit and subordinated debt issued stood at HK$25,817 million. The loan-to-deposit ratio was 73.6%, compared with 76.7% at the end of 2006. Total equity increased by 10.1% to HK$30,446 million.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 17th April, 2008, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$1.18 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.48 per share paid in September 2007, will constitute a total dividend of HK$1.66 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 13.7% over the total dividend of HK$1.46 per share for the year 2006.
In 2007, the operating environment in Hong Kong further improved. The financial markets performed well, buoyed by strong performance from China-related shares. This performance was powered by the three engines of exports, investment and consumption, causing China s economic growth to accelerate sharply in 2007.
Overseas, the overall economic environment weakened in the latter part of the year, as concerns over the impact of the sub-prime crisis curtailed lending and dampened 
The overall asset quality of BEA s portfolio continued to improve in 2007, as the Bank benefited from strong economic growth both locally and on the Mainland.
Consumer lending remained strong, as private consumption grew. However, abundant liquidity and intense competition continued to exert pressure on local interest margins, especially in the mortgage market.
In December, 2007, the Bank received the Hong Kong Monetary Authority s approval to adopt the more sophisticated approaches under the Basel II framework, namely the Foundation Internal Ratings-based ( IRB ) Approach for credit risk, the Internal Models Approach for market risk and the Standardised Approach for operational risk. With effect from 31st December, 2007, BEA was the first bank in Hong Kong to use the more sophisticated approaches to determine its risk weighted assets for various types of risk and to calculate the Capital Adequacy Ratio ( CAR ). The business benefits of adopting the more sophisticated approaches are significant, including enhanced risk management, more efficient use of capital and higher transparency in the disclosure of risk-related information.
Highlighting the Bank s success in implementing a robust risk management regime, in March 2007 the Bank won the award for Excellence in Risk Management in the Financial Insights Innovation Awards 2007 , organised by Financial Insights of Singapore. This international recognition, for which BEA competed with over 60 international bank and non-bank institutions, was awarded on the basis of the Bank s initiative in implementing Basel II and its effective approach to risk management.
Management foresees that the business environment in 2008 will be fairly challenging, as the sub-prime crisis continues to affect the American economy and as the tighter monetary policies adopted on the Mainland during 2007 begin to take hold. However, China s economy is expected to continue to grow strongly, if at a slightly slower pace than last year. BEA is well positioned to exploit the emerging business opportunities on the Mainland, in particular those arising from the deregulation of the financial sector.
BEA s newly incorporated subsidiary bank in China, The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited ( BEA China ), commenced business in April 2007. BEA China is authorised to provide RMB and foreign currency banking services to local and overseas individuals and enterprises on the Mainland. In the coming years, the Bank will continue to expand its branch network aggressively and to enhance its product range so as to fully capture available business opportunities.
Further, BEA will continue to develop and leverage its niche position with overseas Chinese communities to gain international business growth, with special emphasis on the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and South 
BEA will build on past success to broaden its product and service portfolio. Wealth management, including private banking, structured products, bancassurance and asset management, will remain the primary focus of this effort.
The Bank will step up cross-selling initiatives, and enhance efforts to promote Tricor s leading corporate services and share registration business, and Blue Cross insurance products. The Bank will also remain alert to opportunities offered by acquisitions and strategic alliances, both in and outside Hong Kong.
BEA will continue to devote resources to enhance productivity and operating efficiencies. The Bank will consider relocating additional back-office operations to the operating centre in Guangzhou. Operating efficiency gains will also be pursued through the ongoing process of branch rationalisation and transformation, as well as through workflow simplification. BEA will continue to invest in information technology infrastructure, in order to provide best-in-class products and services to customers in Hong Kong, the Mainland and worldwide.
I am pleased to inform Shareholders that Professor Arthur Li Kwok-cheung, who served as a Non-executive Director of the Bank from 1995 to 2002, has been re-appointed as a Non-executive Director. In addition, Mr. Kuok Khoon- ean and Mr. William Doo Wai-hoi have been appointed Independent Non-executive Directors of the Bank. All three appointments took effect on 10th January, 2008.
With their wealth of experience, I am confident that their contribution to the Board will lead to the further success of the BEA Group.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 17th April, 2008, Dr. Li Fook-wo will retire in accordance with the Articles of Association and will not seek re-election. Dr. Li joined the Bank in 1940 and was appointed a Director of the Bank in 1958. He served as Chief Manager from 1972 to 1976, and Chairman from 1984 to 1997. He has played a significant role in the continuing development of the Bank for the past 68 years. Dr. Li has served the Bank with distinction, and has always been a respected source of wisdom and guidance for the Board. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to Dr. Li for his invaluable contribution to the Bank.
David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive Hong Kong, 15th February, 2008 
