For the year 2009, the BEA Group recorded a profit after tax of HK$2,638 million, representing an increase of HK$2,534 million, or 2,445.1%, compared to the HK$104 million earned in 2008. Basic earnings per share reached HK$1.36. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.6% and 7.7%, respectively.
As at 31st December, 2009, total consolidated assets stood at HK$434,082 million, an increase of HK$18,828 million over the position at the end of 2008. Advances to customers stood at HK$247,654 million. Customer deposits were HK$342,528 million, while certificates of deposit and subordinated debt issued stood at HK$15,171 million. Total equity increased by 21.7% to 
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 22nd April, 2010, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$0.48 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.28 per share paid in Dr. The Hon. Sir David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive 
CHaIrman S STaTemenT October 2009, will constitute a total dividend of HK$0.76 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 230.4% over the total dividend of HK$0.23 Note per share for the year 2008.
The global deleveraging that followed the dramatic events of September 2008 resulted in weak demand for local banking services in the early part of 2009.
After bottoming-out in March and spurred by the unprecedented support measures introduced by governments worldwide, the global economy returned to growth in the second half of the year. However, with most advanced economies suffering from high government debt and weak domestic demand, the outlook will remain challenging in 2010.
Against this backdrop, China will continue to be the leading engine of growth for the global economy. Hong Kong should benefit from the Mainland s strength and the emerging recovery elsewhere in the world, providing new business opportunities for local companies and steadily improving business prospects for the Bank.
Going forward, BEA will maintain its focus on building a strong franchise in Greater China. The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited ( BEA China ) has established one of the strongest branch networks among foreign banks operating on the Mainland, and is ideally placed to benefit from closer cross-boundary financial ties between Hong Kong and the Mainland. To further strengthen its network, BEA China will take advantage of newly introduced measures that permit Hong Kong-based banks to establish cross-location sub-branches in Guangdong province. These measures will allow BEA China to expand to all major municipalities within the province.
In Hong Kong, the Bank will continue to focus on a full range of banking business and products for large corporate customers, Small and Medium Enterprises and retail customers. The Bank will also further broaden its fee-based services in order to generate new revenue streams. Efforts to maximise cross-selling opportunities via the Bank s subsidiaries, including Tricor Group, Blue Cross and BEA Life, will be stepped up. The Bank will also enhance its investment and financial products to further improve sales performance and returns.
In parallel with the above organic growth strategies, the Bank will maintain its ongoing effort to identify and explore the potential for expansion through acquisitions and strategic alliances. In June 2009, the Bank reached an agreement with the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) to acquire the entire 75% interest in ICEA Finance Holdings Limited formerly held by ICBC, with a view to further reinforcing the Bank s position in the securities broking business. In addition, the Bank completed the acquisition of the former AIG wealth management business in Taiwan, and renamed the company BEA Wealth Management Services (Taiwan) Limited.
BEA entered into a wide-ranging co-operation agreement with la Caixa Group in June 2009 and established a strategic partnership with Hana Bank of South Korea in July 2009. The alliances with la Caixa Group and Hana Bank will enhance the Bank s access to the markets in which its strategic partners operate, and further facilitate the growth of the international business of the Bank.
BEA enters 2010 with a healthy capital position, following the successful launch of the landmark Hybrid Tier 1 Capital Issue in November 2009, and the completion of the share placement to strategic partners Criteria CaixaCorp., S.A. and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation ( SMBC ), which was announced on 30th December, 2009. SMBC and BEA have a longstanding business relationship, and concluded a strategic co- operation agreement in November 2008.
The new management structure implemented on 1st April, 2009, has further strengthened the capability of the Bank s various business and operation units by introducing more effective executive leadership and greater accountability. Through this reorganisation, the Bank has reinforced its commitment to improving both the top and bottom lines. At the same time, control functions have been further enhanced through the allocation of additional resources to risk management, corporate governance and information technology.
Mr. Joseph Pang Yuk-wing resigned as a Director of the Bank upon the conclusion of the Annual General Meeting held on 16th April, 2009. Mr. Pang served the Bank for over 35 years, and played an instrumental role in the Bank s growth. The Bank has been fortunate to retain Mr. Pang s services upon his retirement, and has appointed him as a Senior Advisor to the Bank.
Dr. Isido Fain Casas was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Bank in June 2009. Dr. Fain is a highly accomplished business leader. He is the chairman of Criteria CaixaCorp, the largest industrial and financial investment group in Spain, and la Caixa, a leading savings bank in Spain. With Dr. Fain s wealth of experience and international exposure, I am confident that his wise counsel and guidance to the Board will lead to the further success of the BEA Group.
Your Management is confident that, with a unique market position, focussed strategy and performance- based outlook, BEA is entering a new era of achievement 
David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive Hong Kong, 11th February, 2010 
