I am very pleased to report that The Bank of East Asia Group ( BEA Group ) delivered a record-setting performance in 2010. The Bank earned a record profit after tax of HK$4,303 million, HK$1,626 million, or 60.8%, higher than the HK$2,677 million earned in 2009. Basic earnings per share reached HK$1.92. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.9% and 10.1%, respectively.
The Directors have proposed a final dividend of HK$0.56 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.38 per share paid in September 2010, the proposed dividend for the full year is HK$0.94 per share. This is 23.7% more than the total dividend of HK$0.76 per share for the year 2009.
The new profit record demonstrates the strength of the BEA Group s recovery following the financial crisis and marks a return to the record-setting pace that we delivered prior to 2008. The Bank also achieved new heights in total assets, total loans outstanding and total deposits.
prior to 2008. The Bank also achieved new heights in total assets, total loans outstanding and total deposits.
Dr. the Hon. Sir David LI Kwok-po Chairman & Chief Executive 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Our record-setting performance has been built on our success in combining the twin strengths of our established Hong Kong base and our growing Mainland franchise.
The Bank of East Asia (China) Limited, ( BEA China ), our wholly-owned subsidiary bank on the Mainland, is now a major source of business referrals for the rest of the Group, especially in the area of corporate lending, trade finance and wealth management. Ever-closer economic integration between Hong Kong and the Mainland will continue to be a source of new business opportunities for the BEA Group, as we are well-positioned to capture the growing demand from Mainland Chinese clients.
Both our lending and fee-based businesses registered strong growth in 2010. Net interest income rose by 11.8% to HK$7,543 million, while net fee and commission income rose by 30.1% to HK$2,942 million. Our Hong Kong lending business was particularly strong, with loans and advances increasing by 32.7% year on year.
Good performance was recorded across the board, from personal finance to small and medium enterprise lending to corporate and syndicated loans. The rise in net fee and commission income was mainly due to increases in trade finance business, sale of treasury products and securities and brokerage turnover.
We held net interest margin stable despite record-low market interest rates by carefully managing our loan and debt portfolios to produce higher yields. Impaired loan ratio fell to 0.5% for the Group, as global economies stabilised and the prudent measures we employed to safeguard against bad and doubtful loans bore fruit.
During the past year, BEA China focused on attracting stable and low-cost deposits while steadily expanding its loan book in order to build a sustainable business for the long term. Total advances to customers and deposits increased by 10.9% and 40.4% respectively, year on year, resulting in a loan-to-deposit ratio of 77.9% as of the end of 2010. We are confident that we will achieve a loan to deposit ratio of below 75% by the end of 2011, the deadline set by the China Banking Regulatory Commission.
We continued to expand our Mainland network aggressively in 2010. BEA China opened two full branches, in Suzhou and Zhengzhou, and 16 sub- branches. In December, the parent bank, the Bank of East Asia ( BEA ), inaugurated the BEA Group s first rural bank, in Fuping County, Weinan City, Shaanxi Province. At the end of 2010, the Group operated a total of 94 outlets in 28 cities on the Mainland, one of the largest Mainland franchises held by any foreign bank.
Following the completion of our disposal of a 70% interest in The Bank of East Asia (Canada) in January 2010, on 23rd January, 2011, we further announced that we had entered into a share sale and purchase agreement with Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ( ICBC ) regarding our wholly owned subsidiary in the United States, The Bank of East Asia (U.S.A.) N.A. ( BEA USA ).
Under the latest agreement, BEA will sell an 80% stake in BEA USA to ICBC, conditional upon obtaining approval from the relevant regulatory authorities.
We believe that the above transactions are consistent with our strategy to concentrate our resources on developing our Greater China business, where we see the most potential. By retaining our two federal branches in New York and Los Angeles, as well as our minority interests in Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Canada) and BEA USA, we will continue to participate in the wholesale market in the United States and benefit from the upside from our minority investments.
The solid performance of the Hong Kong and Mainland economies in 2010 has once again highlighted the value inherent in the Bank s long-term commitment to these markets. With the further liberalisation of the Renminbi and the growing diversity of Renminbi related products and services, the BEA Group is in a unique position to serve the growing needs of our customers through our extensive network and experience in Hong Kong and on the Mainland. We will continue to develop our unique advantage in this area in 2011 and beyond, and look forward to improving our services year after year.
I take the pleasure in thanking my Board of Directors at BEA and the directors of our subsidiaries and associated companies for their strong governance and invaluable advice during the past year, and for their guidance in establishing our strategic direction. I would also like to thank the management team and staff at BEA for their hard work, dedication and proficiency, as any success we achieve comes as a result of their ability and their effort. Lastly, I would like to thank our shareholders and customers for their long-standing loyalty and support.
Dr. William Mong Man-wai, a Director of this Bank since 1995, passed away on 21st July, 2010. The late Dr.
Mong served the Board with distinction for more than 15 years, and the Directors, Management and staff of BEA are deeply saddened at his passing. He had been a great asset to the Board and to the Bank Group, and his wise counsel, guidance and valuable contributions will be 
