CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Economic growth in Hong Kong and the Mainland
slowed further in 2016. Amidst the generally weak
market conditions, the short-term performance of The
Bank of East Asia has suffered. Nonetheless, our medium
and long-term goals – to deliver ever more innovative,
efficient and reliable financial services for the Greater
China market – are firmly on track.
In 2016, The Bank of East Asia Group earned a Profit
Attributable to Owners of the Parent of HK$3.72 billion,
representing a decline of HK$1.80 billion, or 32.6%,
compared to a profit of HK$5.52 billion in 2015. Basic
earnings per share stood at HK$1.21.
The Board has declared a 2016 second interim dividend
of HK$0.28 per share, bringing the dividend for the year
to HK$0.56 per share. This represents a dividend pay-out
ratio of 46.7%, compared to 46.4% in the previous year. 
By maintaining the pay-out level, we are demonstrating
our commitment to our shareholders, and our confidence
in the medium and long-term prospects of this bank.
Notably, across the Group, operating income increased
by 8.3% in the second half of 2016 compared to the first
half, an encouraging sign as we enter 2017.
STRATEGY
Meeting the challenging operating environment head on,
we set clear priorities at the beginning of 2016. At the
top of our agenda, we vowed to strengthen oversight
of asset quality and implement strict cost control. At the
same time, we announced our vision for the 21st century,
committing ourselves to a digital banking future.
We have made significant progress in most areas during
the year. However, market conditions prevented us from
achieving all of our goals.
Hong Kong asset quality declined, partly due to the fall
in the value of the RMB and partly due to other factors.
We are working closely with our clients to assist them to
adjust to the changing environment.While the credit situation on the Mainland remains
difficult, we are hopeful that the position has stabilised.
The gross impaired loan formation rate at BEA China has
declined year on year. As highlighted last year, we have
established a special asset management team to manage
and recover the BEA China impaired loan portfolio more
proactively.
We are reducing our exposure to underperforming sectors
of the Mainland economy, including wholesale and retail,
hotels and manufacturing. In order to further offset risk,
we are developing new business opportunities in priority
sectors of the economy that are receiving favourable
treatment from the Central Government. We doubled
our aggregate loan balance to these priority industries in
2016.
REDUCING COSTS
At the start of 2016 we announced a three-year costreduction
campaign. We achieved 40% of our three-year
plan during the first year, although the cost savings will
only be fully reflected in our results in the coming years.
In Hong Kong, progress has been achieved in three main
areas: Business realignment, operations excellence and
streamlining the branch network. As part of the business
realignment exercise, we closed all East Asia Securities
retail outlets and migrated broking clients to our digital,
mobile and telephone service channels.
We are actively managing our Hong Kong deposit base
in order to reduce the cost of funding. Through targeted
marketing, we raised our average current and savings
account ratio by some three percentage points during the
past year.
We have also made significant strides in reducing costs
at BEA China. Largely through managed attrition, our
Mainland subsidiary reduced its workforce by about 10%
in 2016.
As announced last year, BEA China is merging subbranches
on the Mainland in order to improve branch
efficiency. Our Mainland subsidiary achieved its targets
for 2016, combining nine sub-branches. The cost savings
will start to become more apparent in 2017, as further
rationalisation of the Mainland branch network continues.
BEA China has also targeted funding costs, lowering the
cost of deposits by adjusting its deposit structure.
Going forward, BEA China will further expand cooperation
with internet finance partners in order to reach a larger
customer base without the need for substantial fixed
investment, and to chart a new growth path for future
development in the new economy.
DIGITAL BANKING
We remain on track to roll out the digital branch model
across Hong Kong by the end of 2017. By embracing
digital technology in our branches and by expanding our
online services, we have been able to reduce floor space
and streamline our branch network while improving
services to our customers. Moreover, with transactions
moved to our digital channels, our staff can spend more
time advising clients on financial management, thus
increasing product sales and contributing to our goal of
earning more fee income.
In the second half of 2017, we will introduce an expanded
mobile banking platform in Hong Kong, incorporating
stock trading, enhanced credit-card services and personal
loan services. We also plan enhancements to our
Corporate Cyberbanking platform, providing even tighter
integration with our client’s needs. In addition, we will
debut a new online securities trading service for our Hong
Kong Private Banking customers.
OVERSEAS
In 2016, our overseas offices benefitted from strong
interest in investment in Great Britain and the United
States by local and Mainland clients. In 2017, our
overseas branches will further enhance collaboration
with BEA China and the Bank Group’s strategic partners.
More emphasis will be placed on corporate and
syndication loans, while we will be selective in advancing
retail customer loans.
TRICOR HOLDINGS
On 5th October, 2016, the Bank announced the disposal
of Tricor Holdings for a cash consideration of HK$6,470
million. The disposal is expected to be completed in
the first quarter of 2017. This will lead to a notable
enhancement in the capital strength of the Bank Group.
At the end of December 2016, our Common Equity Tier 1
capital ratio stood at 12.1%.
OUTLOOK
Looking ahead, we will redouble our efforts to serve the
advanced sectors of the economy and will carry forward
our medium and long-term goals by pursuing digital
transformation, further improving efficiency, and drawing
increased value from our unique China franchise.
For 2017, we aim to increase non-interest income,
mainly from treasury, insurance and wealth management
operations.
By enhancing our online services, we aim to become
a partner in the daily activities of our customers. Our
smartphone app will become an ever-more handy tool
throughout the day.
We are cautiously optimistic that loan demand will
improve in most markets in 2017, even as US interest
rates rise. Higher interest rates should benefit our
business in Hong Kong, where we are a net lender to the
Interbank market.
Barring unforeseen events, we expect asset quality to
stabilise in the coming year.
Meanwhile, the tightening global regulatory
environment will require greater allocation of resources
to risk management and compliance, as well as a more
conservative attitude to capital planning.
As we navigate this challenging period, we are taking
all possible measures to strengthen our franchise.
We are investing time and resources, and leveraging
our unique China platform, in order to meet the
increasingly sophisticated needs of retail and corporate
banking clients.
In closing, I take great pleasure in thanking our Bank’s
Board of Directors and the directors of our subsidiaries
and associated companies for their invaluable advice
and support during the past year. I also thank the
management and staff of BEA for their commitment,
and I look forward to further progress in achieving our
strategic goals during the coming year.
The support of our overseas banking partners, in
particular CaixaBank and Sumitomo Mitsui Banking
Corp, provides us with a competitive advantage in the
marketplace, and I am very grateful to them for their
close cooperation with us. I also extend my grateful
thanks to our shareholders and customers for their longstanding
loyalty and confidence in this Bank.
David LI Kwok-po
Chairman & Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 17th February, 2017
