CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Opening
The world is in a state of rather profound
change. We have a new White House and
Europe’s future is hard to read. Huge clouds of
uncertainty loom over the strategic and policy
changes they face and need to steer.
In 2016, world economic growth was sluggish.
China’s economy rebalanced to a more
sustainable 6.7%. The US economy grew at 1.6%
which was its slowest pace of growth since
2012.
Stern property market policy measures remain
in Hong Kong, Singapore and China due to
global currency issues, excess capital driven
by quantitative easing and low interest rates.
Hong Kong, with almost full employment, saw
a modest 1.9% GDP growth in a year marked
by outside currency volatility and a decline in
tourism. Linked to the US dollar, this level of
growth compares well with the US.
The Group ended the year with a record high
core profit of HK$11.8 billion whilst profit
attributable to shareholders increased by 14%
to HK$16.3 billion.
Performance
Hong Kong Development Properties (“DP”)
Our core business saw record sales this year
of HK$22.1 billion in a buoyant H2 market.
Over the year, five newly launched projects
achieved over 90% blended sell-through rate
from a variety of products, ranging from the
Peak Collection to Grade A Offices, to LowDensity
Suburban and Bespoke Urban
Residences. Residential sales was once again
the key contributor with HK$16.9 billion. Mount
Nicholson, the ultra-luxury residence on the
Peak and a joint venture with Nan Fung Group,
achieved HK$11.6 billion of sales as of
February 2017. There, two adjoining
apartments were sold for a new record of
HK$104,800 per square foot.
In Commercial DP, One HarbourGate East
Tower and East Retail Villa were sold en-bloc
for HK$4.5 billion, marking the fourth en-bloc
office sales in four consecutive years.
Contributing to the growth of Hong Kong’s
CBD critical mass, these projects have
attracted multi-national corporations such as
Manulife, Citigroup and China Life Insurance to
commit long term to Hong Kong by setting up
their regional offices. Today, approximately 8,000
people work at One Bay East alone.
It is not unknown that over the last 18 months,
the land market has witnessed an increase in
competitors and pricing levels, presenting new
challenges. Our HKDP land bank stands at 8.2
million square feet at an average cost of $3,480
per square foot (excluding the Peak portfolio),
including the acquisition of a 826,546 square
feet site in Kwun Tong for $6.4 billion. Our land
reserve comprises of 97% urban sites and
75% harbourfront sites, which is adequate for
five to six years of development.
The Wharf (Holdings) Limited
Steady growth has been sustained on the
back of high occupancy and favourable rental
reversion. Through constant asset
enhancement and value-accretive initiatives,
HKIP continued to underpin the solid
performance. In China, despite currency shifts,
IP reported a pleasant revenue growth that
was driven by Chengdu International Finance
Square (“IFS”). The opening of Ocean Terminal
extension and Chongqing and Changsha IFS’s
retail malls in the second half of 2017 will add
new momentum to future growth in IP
contribution.
The Murray, a new 336-room urban chic hotel
located in Central, Hong Kong, is scheduled to
open in late 2017. It is a conservation project;
an integral part of the “Conserving Central”
initiative. It will breathe new life into the historic
building.
A year-long strategic review on the
Communications, Media & Entertainment (“CME”)
led Wharf to decide to exit this segment
completely. Wharf T&T was disposed in
November 2016 for HK$9.5 billion. Secondly,
no new funding support will be extended by
Wharf to i-CABLE, a separately listed
company.
Wheelock Properties (Singapore) Limited
Wheelock Place continued to maintain high
occupancy and residential projects drew
favourable response.
Corporate Social
Responsibility and
Business-in-Community
In 2016, Project WeCan continues to earn
recognition with the number of supporting
partners increasing to 42. They comprise of 31
corporations, five local universities, three
c o n s u l a t e s a n d t h r e e G o v e r n m e n t
organisations. With their immense dedication
and contribution, 43,000 students from 51
secondary schools have benefited. The vision
is to inspire the next generation for a brighter
future. Last year, 73 students were awarded
Project WeCan Scholarship to continue their
education in local universities.
Wheelock co-hosted the “Swim for Millions”
with Community Chest for the fourth
consecutive year to promote healthy lifestyle
while raising funds for local youth services.
This event has not only become one of the
popular annual charity sport events but also a
fun day for family with an array of children
activities and cheering teams. Last year, the 
number of teams involved increased to 123,
with participants from 15 families, 71
corporations, 25 schools and 12 disciplinary
forces. Over HK$4 million was successfully
raised in 2016.
As a property developer, sustainable
development is fully embedded in our strategy.
To create green living for our customers, nearly
all of our DP projects in Hong Kong follow the
BEAM Plus guidelines. In recognition of our
achievements, One Bay East and One
HarbourGate have been awarded the
“Sustainability Achievement of the Year” by
RICS Hong Kong and the “Best Green
Development” by China Property. WPL was
granted the “Social Responsibilities Award of
the Year” by RICS Hong Kong for the third
consecutive year.
Outlook
There will be huge challenges and uncertainties
in 2017. At the forefront are China-US relations
and developments in the Korean Peninsula.
On the other hand, there seems to be some
positive signals. IMF forecasts global growth
will improve year-on-year by 0.3% to 3.4% in
2017. And despite a lack of full clarity on US
policy directions on tax and spending, a new
surge of optimism has been seeping into the
American economy and markets. China’s
“Second Wave” is progressing at the “New
Normal” GDP growth rate of 6.5%. The
economy is rebalancing to be services-led and
the urbanization story is on-going. Maintaining
stability is core.
Hong Kong’s GDP growth in 2017 is expected
to be in the range of 2% to 3%. Relaxation of
cooling measures on the property market is
unlikely in the near term. Hong Kong’s critical
mass of being the financial centre of our time
zone continues to grow with the debut of
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the
coming completion of the Hong Kong-ZhuhaiMacao
Bridge. They would bring new
dimensions to the linkages with the Pearl River
Delta.
We remain cautiously optimistic on both the
region’s and Hong Kong’s future.
Closing
Our core business is Hong Kong Development
Properties. We will continue to actively manage
a customer centric portfolio of quality products
with a learning mindset. Prudent financial
management and strengthening capabilities
will remain central to the Group. We are well
positioned to deal with challenges and capture
the opportunities ahead in this changing world.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express
my most sincere gratitude to our Directors,
and the whole team for their consistent hard
work, commitment and contributions.
Douglas C K Woo
Chairman
Hong Kong, 10 March 2017