CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to inform shareholders that Mr. Stephen Charles Li Kwok-sze was appointed a Non-executive Director of the Bank on 1st May, 2006. Mr. Li is a member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales. He currently holds directorships in several funds managed by INTL Consilium, LLC. He has over 16 years experience in investment banking, having held senior capital markets positions with international investment banks in London and Hong Kong. I am confident that the valuable contribution of Mr. Li will lead to the further success of BEA.
Mr. Chan Kay-cheung, an Executive Director of the Bank, will retire from the Bank with effect from 1st May, 2007 and he will also resign as a Director of the Bank on the same date. Mr. Chan has spent his entire career with the Bank. He joined the Bank in 1965; was appointed a Director in 1996 and was promoted to Deputy Chief Executive in 1997. Altogether, he has served the Bank for over 41 years.
He has played a significant role in the Bank s growth, particularly with regard to the development of the Bank s information technology systems and expansion into the Mainland. On behalf of the Board, I take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to Mr. Chan for his invaluable contribution to BEA over the past four decades, and wish him every happiness, good health and success for the future.
In 2006, BEA Group achieved a profit after tax of HK$3,486 million, representing an increase of HK$700 million, or 25.1%, over that of HK$2,786 million in 2005. Basic earnings per share were HK$2.24. Return on average assets and return of average equity were 1.3% and 13.7% respectively.
As at 31st December, 2006, total consolidated assets were HK$294,202 million, an increase of HK$55,403 million over the position at the end of 2005. Advances to customers stood at HK$166,178 million, representing 56.5% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$209,524 million, while certificates of deposit and subordinated debt issued stood at HK$15,153 million. The loan-to-deposit ratio was 76.7%, compared with 76.1% at the end of 2005.
Total equity increased by 13.3% to HK$27,645 million.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, to be held on Thursday, 12th April, 2007, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$1.03 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.43 per share paid in September 2006, will constitute a total dividend of HK$1.46 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 15.9% over the total dividend of HK$1.26 per share for the year 2005.
Shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on Friday, 16th March, 2007 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend. The final dividend will be paid in cash, with an option to receive new, fully paid shares in lieu of cash. This scrip dividend scheme is conditional upon the passing of the relevant resolution at the Annual General Meeting, and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting approval to the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares.
Details of the scrip dividend and the election form will be sent to shareholders on or about Friday, 16th March, 2007.
The dividend warrants and the share certificates for the scrip dividend will be sent to shareholders by ordinary mail on or about Friday, 13th April, 2007.
In 2006, the operating environment in Hong Kong continued to improve. Loan demand increased with the strong growth of the local economy and the strengthening labour market.
Income from securities brokerage increased significantly, owing to the higher IPO and stock market activity. On the other hand, Hong Kong banks continue to experience very thin interest margins, due to high liquidity in the banking system and fierce competition. The overall asset quality of the Banks portfolio remained healthy in 2006, as the worldwide and local economies continued to sustain the 
The Bank is well positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities in 2007. The Bank is alert to the potential for slower economic growth in overseas markets, particularly in the United States. Nevertheless, loan demand and business opportunities are expected to increase over the coming year, as a result of the recent liberalisation of the rules governing the operation of foreign banks in Mainland China.
In 2006, BEA continued to grow and develop new business lines. Looking to the future, the Bank will continue to diversify by actively developing its wealth management business, including private banking and structured products, and other potential businesses to meet customers needs. BEA will continue to leverage the market leading position of Tricor's corporate services and share registration business to develop new business opportunities. The Bank will also actively promote Blue Cross insurance products and maintain its effective cross-selling initiatives. In addition to pursuing organic growth, the Bank will continue to identify potential opportunities for acquisitions and strategic alliances.
BEA s business in Mainland China continued to grow significantly in 2006. BEA obtained a preliminary approval from the China Banking Regulatory Commission for the establishment of a locally incorporated bank on the Mainland. Establishment of a local subsidiary paves the way for offering retail Renminbi banking services to individual Chinese citizens on the Mainland. In order to take full advantage of this new business opportunity, BEA will continue to expand its branch network and develop new products and services in China.
Outside Hong Kong and China, BEA will continue to develop its unique niche within the overseas Chinese communities in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom and South 
