Dr. Che-woo Lui GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
I am delighted to report that 2010 was an important and hugely successful year for the Group, in terms of both earnings growth and business development. All of GEG s divisions performed well during the year, and the Group is now firmly established as one of the fastest growing entertainment businesses in Asia.
The second half of 2009 saw a rapid recovery in Asian markets, following the global financial crisis. This momentum continued strongly throughout 2010. Macau experienced surging growth and generated gaming revenues more than four times those of the Las Vegas Strip.
2010 was a year in which GEG reported an all time record Adjusted EBITDA of HK$2,231 million and made enormous progress in realising its exciting development plans in Cotai. The Group is now in a stronger position than ever before to capitalise on Macau s growth and development potential, as increased visitations and spending drive the enormous success of its gaming and leisure businesses.
GEG s flagship gaming property, StarWorld, has matured into one of the most successful gaming properties in the world.
In 2010, StarWorld delivered an annualised ROI of 61%, one of the highest in the industry, and the fourth quarter represented its tenth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth. The property also recorded an all-time record VIP volume and boasted extremely impressive hotel occupancy rates throughout the year.
The Group is now looking ahead with great excitement as the opening of Galaxy Macau"! draws ever closer. Galaxy Macau"! is now a striking landmark on the Cotai Skyline, and is on schedule and on budget for the Grand Opening on 15 May 2011. The launch of this unique and highly anticipated property will greatly promote Macau s diversification and help the Group further capitalise on Macau s surging growth.
The Group continues to place enormous importance on financial efficiency and prudence. This year, the Group successfully completed several major financial initiatives which have significantly reduced the cost of debt and enhanced the financial efficiency of the Group. These initiatives included the closing of a six-year HK$9 billion club loan to fully fund the development of Galaxy Macau"!, the successful issuance of RMB1.38 billion Renminbi denominated corporate bond, which was the first of its kind from a non-financial institution to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and the early redemption of 2010 Floating Rate Notes and 2012 Fixed Rate Notes. These initiatives clearly demonstrate the Group s commitment to optimising value for shareholders.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Macau continued to experience strong growth in 2010 and reaffirmed itself as the world s largest gaming market. In 2010, Macau gaming revenues increased by 58%, compared to 2009, to approximately HK$183 billion.
Total visitor arrivals in Macau for the year rose 15% to 25 million, up from 22 million in 2009. These impressive figures support the Central and Macau Governments initiatives to drive growth through tourism by improving the accessibility of Macau with a number of major infrastructure projects.
China s emerging middle class is becoming increasingly important to Macau s tourism and gaming industries. More than half of Macau s visitors arrived from Mainland China, a country that experienced economic growth of around 10% in 
Throughout 2010, GEG has continued to strengthen its senior management team, recruiting very senior and well respected industry figures to head the Group s operations and financial functions.
A number of exceptional individuals were recruited into senior roles during 2010 and have already helped to increase the efficiency of StarWorld and prepare for the opening of Galaxy Macau"!.
In terms of the Board of Directors, following Mr. Guido Paolo Gamucci s retirement from Permira Holdings Limited at the turn of the year, he relinquished his post as a Non-executive Director of GEG on 20 January 2010. The Board extends its gratitude to Mr. Gamucci for his valuable effort and contribution to the Group during his term of appointment.
In his place, the Board welcomes the appointment of Mr. Henry Lin Chen of Permira Holdings Limited as a Non-executive Director of GEG. Henry brings substantial and valuable experience to the Group.

Preparations for the Grand Opening of Galaxy Macau"! in Cotai on 15 May 2011 are now well under way. The Group expects that Galaxy Macau"! will be the only new resort destination to open in Macau during 2011 and, upon its completion, GEG will be the only operator with flagship properties in both the gaming hub of Macau s Peninsula and the rapidly emerging resort destination area of Cotai.
Galaxy Macau"! will be Macau s first Asian centric destination resort and one of the largest leisure complexes in Asia. Conceived with World Class, Asian Heart , the property will offer the most diverse range of Asian themed entertainment, Asian accommodation and Asian food in Macau. Galaxy Macau"! will be a fully integrated resort with approximately 2,200 rooms, suites and floating villas designed specifically to meet the tastes, preferences and aspirations of Asian customers. The property is in an excellent position to capitalize on Macau s market growth and help Macau attract a new type of tourists and customers, especially the emerging middle class in Mainland China who are yet to visit 
CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS BUSINESS GEG s Construction Materials Division continued to make considerable progress and delivered a strong performance and profit contribution from its integrated activities during 2010. The Division has accelerated its expansion plans through organic growth and strategic partnerships, taking advantage of the improving economic conditions and opportunities for investments in target growth areas in Mainland China, most notably in Ground Granulated Blast Furnace Slag.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK Macau s gaming market continues to experience exceptional growth, and prospects for the future remain positive.
Analysts commonly predict that Macau s gaming revenue will grow in excess of 20% in 2011 as visitations to Macau 
The Central and Macau Governments are investing heavily in developing infrastructure and transportation which will greatly improve the accessibility to Macau and the efficiency of local transport. Large scale projects, such as the construction of high-speed rail networks and Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge, the expansion of border gates, the construction of a comprehensive light rail network and the expansion of ferry terminals, demonstrate the Governments commitment to creating sustainable growth by driving domestic consumption and tourism.
The Group does not expect there to be any other major new developments opening in Macau in 2011, which puts GEG in an excellent position to take advantage of this rapidly increasing tourism demand. The Group is confident that the great success of StarWorld, coupled with the opening of Galaxy Macau"!, will see GEG competing as a peer with the largest and most established names in the industry internationally.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY At GEG, we believe in sharing our successes with the communities that we serve. In 2010, GEG continued to make valuable contributions to the local community and wider society through a number of different types of social, philanthropic and volunteering activities. We consistently promoted responsible gaming to the public and team members through various initiatives during the year. We launched a new Galaxy Green Program at our new integrated resort, Galaxy Macau"!, and moved closer to achieving our environmental objective of becoming the greenest resort operator in Macau. We title sponsored the 2010 Macau FIVB World Grand Prix for the 6th consecutive year and the 2010 Macau Marathon for the 7th consecutive year. During the year, GEG has created many opportunities for our team members to reach out and become involved in various community and charitable activities. In 2010, we donated approximately MOP20 million to support Macau s education and cultural developments and to help people in need.
POST YEAR-END EVENTS On 10 March 2011, the Company announced that the Grand Opening of Galaxy Macau"!, the newest and highly anticipated integrated resort destination in Cotai, will be on Sunday 15 May 2011.
To further enrich Galaxy Macau"! s entertainment offering, a new HK$600 million, 15,000 square metre entertainment facility is under construction and will open by the end of September 2011. This entertainment offering will include, among other features, Galaxy Cinema, Macau s only modern Cineplex, a 9-screen, 3D-compatible, multifunction cinema theatre with a total capacity of 1,000 seats as well as a 1,000 square metre multipurpose event plaza.
As at 31 December 2010, the outstanding amount of the Group s zero yield, zero coupon convertible notes was US$165 million, or approximately HK$1,287 million. Subsequent to year end 2010, 100% of the outstanding convertible notes were converted into approximately 173 million common shares. This has resulted in a further strengthened Balance Sheet and an increase in GEG s free-float of common shares.

GEG has delivered record results last year as the Group continues to benefit from its dedication to providing Asian Heart service across all of its properties. Macau s surging markets have driven the unparalleled growth of its established gaming businesses and I know the whole Group will join me in expressing great excitement for the opening of Galaxy Macau"!, which will be an entirely new concept and, establish a new standard in Macau s entertainment industry.
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt appreciation to each and every one of the Galaxy team for their exceptionally hard work in what has been a phenomenal year for the Group.
Dr Che-woo Lui, GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
