CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2003 , BEA Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,922 million, representing an increase of HK$652 million, or 51.3%, over that of HK$1,270 million for 2002. Basic earnings per share were HK$1.32. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 1.0% and 10.0%, 
As at 31st December, 2003, total consolidated assets were HK$198,476 million, an increase of HK$13,062 million over the position at the end of 2002. Advances to customers were HK$102,909 million, representing 51.8% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$155,421 million, while debt instruments issued stood at HK$5,527 million. The loan-to- deposit ratio was 63.9%, compared with 71.3% at the end of 2002. Total capital resources increased by 5.5% to HK$24,387 
At the Annual General Meeting, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$0.62 per share, which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.23 per share paid in September 2003, will constitute a total dividend of HK$0.85 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 51.8% over the total dividend of HK$0.56 per share for the year 2002. Shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on Wednesday, 10th March, 2004 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend. The final dividend will be paid in cash, with an option to receive new, fully paid shares in lieu of cash.
This scrip dividend scheme is conditional upon the passing of the relevant resolution at the Annual General Meeting and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares.
The dividend warrants and the share certificates for the scrip dividend will be sent to shareholders by ordinary mail on or about Wednesday, 31st March, 2004. Details of the scrip dividend and the election form will be sent to shareholders on or about Wednesday, 10th March, 2004.
The year 2003 presented a difficult environment for the Hong Kong banking industry, particularly following the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) in the first half of the year. Banks in Hong Kong had to deal with worsened credit quality, sluggish loan demand and depressed market sentiment.
The outlook for 2004 remains challenging, although it is generally expected that economic recovery will gather pace in 2004. In view of the keen competition in the Hong Kong banking industry, banks will continue to explore new revenue and profit streams. In addition, following the SARS outbreak and the forthcoming implementation of new Basel Capital Accord recommendations, banks will place more emphasis on business continuity plans and various risk control mechanisms, extending coverage from credit and market risks to operational and 
BEA continued to pursue a growth strategy in 2003, despite the difficult environment. With the implementation of the Bank s new corporate identity and with a new focus on promotion of retail financial products and services through the branch network, BEA was able to attract keen interest in its one-stop 
BEA has also successfully developed alternate income streams and business opportunities. Following acquisition of a majority stake in Tengis Limited in 2002, the Bank acquired PricewaterhouseCoopers company secretarial and client accounting businesses in Hong Kong in early 2003, to further strengthen the Bank s position as the largest provider of business and corporate secretarial services in Hong Kong. Furthermore, BEA has continued to develop its wealth management business, under the banner of SupremeGold.
BEA further streamlined and improved operating efficiencies during the year, in order to optimise the value of its resources and to control costs. The Bank stepped up the branch rationalisation exercise, targeted at optimising the branch network, and relocated a number of back-office operations to Mainland China. BEA will centralise its supporting operations in Hong Kong at Millennium City 5 in Kwun Tong in early 2005.
BEA will continue to leverage its strong position and presence in China and capture business opportunities in the China market.
In 2003, the Bank successfully upgraded its Beijing Representative Office to a full branch. The Bank also opened a new sub-branch in Guangzhou. All BEA branches and sub- branches in China are accredited to provide full foreign currency services. In addition, Shenzhen, Shanghai, Dalian, Guangzhou and Zhuhai branches are allowed to offer Renminbi (RMB) services. The Bank will continue to capitalise on the opportunities in China arising from China s accession to the World Trade Organization and the recent opening up of the RMB business to Hong Kong banks.
With the improving economic and business environment, and the emerging business opportunities arising from retail banking and RMB business, we remain positive about the prospects for the banking industry in Hong Kong. BEA will continue to grow and leverage its niche and market strength and provide more value added financial services and solutions to customers.
The Directors and Staff of the Bank were deeply saddened by the death of Mr. Alan LI Fook-sum on 30th December, 2003.
Mr. Li was appointed a Director of the Bank in 1982, and served the Board with distinction for more than 21 years. His contribution to the strength and vitality of the Bank has been invaluable, and his wise counsel will be sorely missed.
David LI Kwok-po Chairman and Chief Executive Hong Kong, 10th February, 2004 
