CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It is with great pleasure that I write to update you on the performance of our Company in 2014.
GEG marked its ten year anniversary of operation in Macau by achieving solid revenue and earnings despite facing strong headwinds in the second half of the year. Group revenue increased 9% year-on-year to HK$71.8 billion, Adjusted EBITDA rose 5% year-on-year to HK$13.2 billion and net profit attributable to shareholders was 3% higher year-on-year at HK$10.3 billion. The Group s solid results derive from our continuing ability to attract and satisfy customers by delivering impeccable World Class, Asian Heart products and services.
Ten years on from making our debut in Macau, we have built a brand that has become synonymous with quality and excellence and developed spectacular world class properties that offer diverse leisure, entertainment and accommodation experience. Our latest projects Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and the Broadway at Galaxy Macau, scheduled to open in May 2015, demonstrate our alignment with the Central and the Macau Government s vision to turn Macau into a World Center of Tourism and Leisure. They also meet a demand that our current hotels are unable to fulfil. Taking our investment in Cotai to HK$43 billion of a planned overall target of HK$100 billion once Phases 3 & 4 completed, we are optimistic that they will provide GEG with a sustainable platform for growth in the medium term.
RESPONSIBLE CORPORATE CITIZEN GEG adheres closely to the philosophy of from the community, for the community . In 2014, GEG s volunteer team contributed approximately 1,100 hours of services to the community and supported more than 50 organisations and charities in Macau.

Further, we announced the establishment of the HK$1.3 billion GEG Foundation. It will focus on educating and empowering young people in Macau and on the Mainland, which we hope will directly contribute to the territory s future harmony and prosperity.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW 2014 was a year of two halves. Total gaming revenue in the first half of the year grew 13% year-on-year, with February reporting monthly revenues of HK$36.9 billion, up 40% year-on-year. A number of factors, including a soft economic landing in China, the FIFA World Cup and Chinese austerity program etc., resulted in a 3% year-on- year reduction in total gaming revenue to HK$341.3 billion for the twelve month period. The VIP segment was most affected, posting an 11% year-on-year reduction. While the market remains challenging, encouragingly total visitor numbers to Macau increased at a faster rate than last year, climbing 8% year-on-year to 31.5 million. Mainland visits increased more rapidly at 14% and now account for 67% of total visitors to Macau.
Exemplifying the territory s continuing appeal as a vibrant and dynamic tourism and leisure hub for a diverse set of holidaymakers, mass revenues increased by 16% year-on-year to HK$120.9 billion. GEG expects this structural shift in the market to continue as an increasingly numerous and affluent Chinese middle class seeks out more varied and convenient holiday experiences that Macau and Hengqin can provide.

Galaxy Macau"! celebrated its third anniversary in 2014. Revenue and Adjusted EBITDA increased by 18% and 12% year-on-year, respectively. ROI was 58% in 2014.

StarWorld Macau continues to be one of the highest returning casinos in the world, generating ROI of 96% in 2014.
However, challenging conditions in its VIP business in the second half of the year and strong prior year comparatives, resulted in Adjusted EBITDA decreasing by 6% year-on-year.
CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS DIVISION The Construction Materials Division performed solidly, delivering Adjusted EBITDA of HK$465 million (2013: HK$488 
DEVELOPING MACAU S LARGEST DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE GEG arguably has the largest and best defined short, medium and long term development pipeline in the Macau market. While the macro environment has proved a challenge, our optimism is unwavering based on continuing near capacity occupancy levels at our hotels and record visitor numbers to Macau. We are excited by the next chapter in GEG s short but distinguished history: the official openings of Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and the Broadway at Galaxy 
Launch of Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and Broadway at Galaxy Macau Opening to the public on 27 May 2015, the expanded Galaxy Macau"! will be the only truly integrated entertainment and leisure resort destination in Macau. Doubling GEG s existing Cotai footprint to more than one million square metres, it will comprise three new luxury hotels including The Ritz Carlton s first All-Suite hotel, Asia s largest JW Marriott and the Broadway Hotel; a state of the art theatre showcasing the very best international and Asian talents; food and beverage outlets featuring world renowned Michelin starred chefs; and a first of its kind landmark district celebrating the very best of Macanese and Chinese culture.
Cotai Phases 3 & 4 and Hengqin Looking further ahead, final plans for Cotai Phases 3 & 4 are nearing completion and site investigation works are expected to commence in 2015. Together with our long term plans for a world class, low density leisure and entertainment destination resort on a 2.7 square kilometre land parcel on Hengqin, we are confident that GEG will appeal to a broad cross section of customers and in turn redefine the Asian holiday experience.
STRONG BALANCE SHEET & SPECIAL DIVIDENDS The Group s robust financial and operational performance translated to an extremely well capitalised and liquid balance sheet with HK$9 billion cash on hand and virtually debt free as at 31 December 2014. In the year we returned HK$4.9 billion of capital to shareholders through two special dividends. Subsequently we also announced another special dividend of HK$0.28 per share payable on or about 22 May 2015. These payments demonstrate our commitment to return capital to shareholders, our confidence in being able to invest in our future while generating substantial cash from existing operations.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK The fundamental long term drivers of growth are unchanged. Rising domestic consumption and a rapidly growing affluent middle class in China should fuel outbound tourism. Major planned infrastructure developments such as the Macau Light Rail Transit and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge, and the proliferation of new attractions in Macau and nearby Hengqin, will significantly enhance the region s appeal and its access from China.

There can be no doubt that the second half of 2014 was one of the most difficult periods in the history of Macau. It is therefore more important than ever that all stakeholders in the industry and Macau pull together in one direction to ensure Macau fulfils its vast economic and social development potential.
I firmly believe our reputation for delivering World Class, Asian Heart products and services, high quality team, spectacular properties, unparalleled selection of amenities and our latest exciting and innovative new properties, will position us well as the first choice for visitors and residents alike.
On a final note, I would like to thank each and every one of GEG s recently expanded 17,000 member team for their unrelenting commitment to delivering excellence. We would also like to extend our gratitude to the Macau Government for its continued support to the industry.
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
