CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Over the past two decades, we at The Bank of East Asia have transformed our business, becoming one of the most successful foreign banks operating on the Mainland.
This success was built upon strong relationships, strategic expansion of our branch network, and close cooperation between our branches in Hong Kong, Mainland China, 
Now, we face a challenging macroeconomic environment.
China s growth is slowing, as the country shifts to become a consumer and services-driven economy. Global confidence is being undermined by weak commodity prices. These forces are impacting Hong Kong and the local banking sector.
Significantly, during the past year the Chinese government has reaffirmed its commitment to the market, relaxing controls over interest rates and making the RMB more responsive to market forces. While these moves have given rise to volatility in China and Hong Kong in the short term, we believe that, longer-term, the combination of stimulus measures and economic reform pursued by the Mainland will support sustainable growth going forward.
There are many good opportunities for our business, and we will continue to focus on our longer-term strategy. We have been operating in China for almost a century. We have faced these downturns before, and we have always come back stronger.
In 2015, The Bank of East Asia Group earned a Profit Attributable to Owners of the Parent of HK$5.52 billion, representing a decline of HK$1.14 billion, or 17.1%, compared to a profit of HK$6.66 billion in 2014. While our China business was severely challenged, we achieved solid results in Hong Kong and overseas. Basic earnings per share stood at HK$1.95.
The Board has declared a 2015 second interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share, bringing the dividend for the year to HK$0.88 per share. This represents a dividend pay-out ratio of 46%, and also reflects our confidence in the long- term prospects of the Bank.
Hong Kong is our home and remains the backbone of our business. While higher RMB funding costs in the first half of 2015 impacted our results, we are pleased to report continued growth in personal banking and wealth 
We are a well-established business with a solid franchise, but we do not stand still. We recognise that the rapid growth of the digital economy is changing consumer behaviour, and we are aggressively implementing the digital transformation of our business.
With the slowdown in the Mainland economy, risk management is critical. BEA China is applying a more conservative approach to lending, and our proactive measures have necessarily resulted in reduced loan volumes and margins. Margins at BEA China have also been affected by a series of policy rate cuts.
Despite the challenges facing our Mainland business, we remain deeply rooted as one of the leading foreign banks on the Mainland, with a wide-reaching branch network, extensive local connections, and strong cross-border 
Our overseas business performed well, with 3.3% year- on-year growth after excluding a one-off write back in 2014. This improvement is due to stronger performance of the US and UK economies, and leveraging on our international network to complement client activities from 
When we reported our annual results for 2014, we anticipated that the restructuring of the Mainland economy would have a negative impact on our business in 2015. We also highlighted the proactive measures that we were taking to protect our business.
In Hong Kong, we further strengthened our personal banking and wealth management businesses. We lowered funding costs by attracting more current and savings account deposits; generated higher fee income through wealth management and insurance products; increased scale through the acquisition of a mortgage portfolio from Prime Credit; and successfully launched 20 new digital branches across Hong Kong. This has resulted in higher operating income and stronger positioning in personal banking and wealth management.
BEA China took aggressive action to manage asset quality.
Our Mainland subsidiary reduced exposure to distressed and overcapacity sectors, and refocused attention on large corporate clients. It tightened credit guidelines, and increased efforts to recover non-performing loans. As a result, the impaired loan ratio at BEA China stabilised in the second half of 2015, even as the economy 
In addition, we maintained tight control over costs at BEA China, with total operating expenses falling by 9.55% year on year in 2015.
I am also pleased to report that relations with our two main banking partners have been strengthened during the past year.
In December 2015, CaixaBank S.A. announced that it would transfer its 17.24% stake in BEA to its controlling shareholder, Criteria Caixa S.A.U., through a share swap arrangement with the intention of taking a long-term position in BEA. This proposed transfer is not subject to the prior consent of the Bank as it falls within a carve- out from the transfer restrictions applicable to CaixaBank S.A. Such carve-out is applicable to transfers between parent companies and their subsidiaries. It is also noted that the transfer restrictions applicable to CaixaBank S.A.
do not prevent it from accepting a takeover offer for the Bank. These carve-outs will continue to apply following completion of the proposed transfer.
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation, completed the previously-announced share purchase agreement in the first half of 2015. Approximately HK$6.6 billion in additional capital was raised through this exercise, re- affirming SMBC s commitment to this Bank.
As a Group, we maintained sound liquidity levels, with our liquidity coverage ratio well above the 2019 regulatory requirement. Our capital ratios further strengthened following the completion of the private share placement 
At the end of December 2015, our Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio stood at 12.2%. The decline in the second half of 2015 followed a regular review of our risk model, and our decision to maintain a more prudent approach given the current economic uncertainties.
Looking at the year ahead, we do not expect a material improvement in the business environment. As such, proactive cost control remains a top priority.
We have instituted a headcount freeze across the Bank Group, while stepping up training to build a more flexible and productive workforce.
We are continuing to drive improvement of basic systems and processes. Already, we have improved back-office efficiency in Hong Kong by more than 30% during the past three years. Our digital branch initiative will yield further improvements in 2016 and beyond.
We have accelerated the second phase of our Mainland branch review in order to further enhance outlet productivity. We anticipate that some sub-branches on the Mainland will merge in 2016 as a result.
At the same time, we are focussing on a number of business strategies to drive efficient growth. As a nimble business with a strong China-Hong Kong-International connection, we will actively manage cross-border opportunities as they materialise. We will also further enhance our wealth management business; optimise our deposit structure to further lower the cost of funding, and increase treasury activities by broadening the range of treasury products we offer.
Asset quality and risk management will continue to be of great importance for the year ahead. We will proactively enhance asset quality by continuing our conservative approach to loan growth, while increasing our resources and efforts to recover bad loans.
We aim to roll out at least 30 digital branches in Hong Kong in 2016. By the end of 2016, over 50% of our branches in Hong Kong will be digitalised. No other bank in Hong Kong is as ambitious as we are in this area.
We are also collaborating with third-party providers, including WeBank in China, to capture new digital 
We won a number of major international awards during the year under review for our digital and mobile initiatives, including Most Innovative Bank of the Year and Channel Innovation at the prestigious BAI-Infosys Finacle Global Banking Innovation Awards 2015.
We will continue to review our business portfolio to ensure that the Bank is best positioned for long-term, sustainable growth. We aim to complete the sale of Tung Shing Holdings Company Limited and BEA Wealth Management Services (Taiwan) in the first half of 2016, and we have commenced a strategic review of Tricor 
