CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
It is with great pleasure that I write to update you on the performance of our Company in 2015.
As anticipated, strong macro headwinds continued to impact Macau, the entertainment industry and GEG in 2015, resulting in cautious customer spending behaviour across the market and fewer high roller visitors to Macau. However, GEG delivered credible financial results and reached a notable corporate milestone in May 2015 as it successfully opened on time and under budget Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and Broadway Macau"! on a combined basis. The properties have been instrumental in driving significant growth in daily visitation to Cotai and have reshaped the Group to the mass market. Underlining their contribution, we closed out the final quarter of 2015 as the largest operator in Macau by gaming volume.
Reflecting the adverse market conditions, revenue in 2015 was lower year-on-year at HK$51 billion. Lower revenues combined with the opening preparation costs of the expanded property, in particular additional staff costs, and the increase in depreciation and amortization post the new resorts opening, resulted in Adjusted EBITDA falling to HK$8.7 billion. Net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$4.2 billion, including non-recurring charges of HK$1.2 billion. During the year management focused on driving profitable volumes combined with cost control initiatives. To date, approximately 60% out of a HK$800 million operational cost control program have been realized.
We are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for the market due to an easing of transit visas, the Government s concerted effort to address infrastructure limitations more rapidly, and the scheduled opening of new integrated resorts in Macau this year, which are all very welcomed developments that will enhance Macau s competitive positioning. However, we acknowledged that the challenging global macro economic and political conditions could lead to a degree of continuing volatility in Macau. Despite this, we are a firm believer in the long term potential of Macau.Chairman Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA We are also encouraged by the sequential growth in Macau s gaming revenue in the final quarter of the year, which could signal a gradual stabilization. Longer term, we have never wavered in our belief that China s economy will continue to grow, which in turn will increase domestic consumption and wealth, and galvanise domestic and international tourism. GEG s reputation for delivering World Class, Asian Heart services and products, unmatched development pipeline and strong balance sheet, leave it well placed to seize the opportunities for growth as Macau attracts a new wave of customers in the 
CONTRIBUTING TO A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE FOR MACAU Recognising that we have a duty to give back to the community in Macau and the Greater China Region, GEG established a HK$1.3 billion Galaxy Entertainment Group Foundation ( The Foundation ) in July 2014. The Foundation engages in philanthropic activities, in particular with nurturing young people in developing their positive moral and life values, as well as enhancing their education and employment opportunities so as to enable them to contribute to the community they live in.
The Foundation has been researching emerging issues in the community, particularly in the area of youth development, and will begin launching its first projects in 2016.
GALAXY MACAU"! PHASE 2 AND BROADWAY MACAU"! ENHANCES MASS APPEAL The expanded integrated resort Galaxy Macau"! and the brand new family friendly Broadway Macau"! both opened simultaneously on 27 May 2015, creating thousands of new jobs and bringing GEG s total investment in Cotai to HK$43 billion. Comprising approximately 200 retail outlets offering many first-to-Macau brands, including: Alexander McQueen, Alexander Wang, Moncler, Roger Vivier, etc; as well as world leading luxury flagships such as Louis Vuitton, Dior, Prada, Tiffany, and more, and approximately 120 food and beverage options ranging from Michelin 1-star restaurants 8 Otto e Mezzo BOMBANA and Terrazza Italian Restaurant, much loved Chinese restaurant Fook Lam Moon to popular food outlets such as Tsui Wah and Tim Ho Wan to name a few, the two properties have strengthened our competitive positioning and contributed to the diversification of Macau s economy as it strives to become one of the world s must visit tourism 
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Well publicized macro challenges including a softening economy in China, a Government led anti-corruption programme and volatility in world financial markets, weighed on sentiment and tempered any hopes of a recovery in 2015. Total gaming revenue decreased by 34% year-on-year to HK$224 billion, although slight sequential growth was in evident in the final quarter. The VIP segment was most heavily impacted, seeing a revenue decline of 45% year-on-year to HK$112 billion.
Visitor numbers to Macau were 30.7 million, marginally down on last year.
Macau s continued diversification and opening of new capacity, coupled with an increasing appetite among the fast growing middle class in China for more family friendly holidays, has altered the gaming mix of Macau. Mass and electronic gaming revenue in the year was HK$112 billion, 19% lower year-on-year. In the second half of 2015, the combined mass and slots revenue was reportedly around 50% of the total gaming revenue. We expect this evolution to continue as new capacity opens this year. We are continuing to reposition our product offer in light of this market trend.

Post expansion, Galaxy Macau"! is now one of the largest integrated destination resorts in the world. Visitation to the property has surged to average approximately 60,000 per day with The Promenade achieving robust retail sales. The greatly enhanced Grand Resort Deck is also proving very popular with approximately 4,000 visitors per day making use of its facilities during the peak summer period. Our UA Galaxy Cineplex achieves some of the highest volume ticket sales of any cinema house in either Macau or Hong Kong. All of this contributed to a 52% year-on-year increase in non-gaming revenue.
Reflecting market conditions, revenue in the year decreased by 24% year-on-year to HK$35.5 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was also down 30% year-on-year at HK$6.9 billion as a result of lower gaming volumes and an inevitable mismatch of revenues and costs as GEG geared up for an effective opening of the new properties by hiring additional staff. In the second half of the year, GEG focused on yielding the property better, including resizing its VIP offer and optimising more profitable growth areas such as premium direct, premium mass and slots.
Encouragingly, all three gaming segments delivered sequential growth in the fourth quarter of the year.

StarWorld Macau performed broadly in line with the overall market. Revenue was 42% lower year-on-year at HK$13.0 billion and Adjusted EBITDA decreased by 37% year-on-year to HK$2.2 billion. Management is successfully transitioning StarWorld Macau to a more mass centric property with StarWorld Macau reporting increased mass revenue in every quarter of 2015.

Our new family friendlyMacau SME concept in Macau is a fantastic addition to Macau s retail, leisure and entertainment landscape. It is like no other property in Macau, showcasing the best Macanese and Asian retail brands, cuisine and cultural shows. The property, which does not have a VIP component, saw near capacity at its hotel, and reported revenue of HK$425 million and a HK$7 million loss in Adjusted EBITDA.
CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS DIVISION The Construction Materials Division was impacted by the construction slowdown in China in 2015, reporting Adjusted EBITDA of HK$318 million (2014: HK$465 million).
STRATEGIC OVERSEAS INVESTMENT In July 2015, GEG announced its first expansion into the overseas market taking approximately a 5% stake in the Principality of Monaco s leading luxury hotels and casinos operator, The Socit Anonyme des Bains de Mer et du Cercle des trangers Monaco ( SBM ) listed on the Euronext Paris. This is an exciting opportunity for both parties to leverage each other s powerful brands and we look forward to building a mutually beneficial strategic partnership.
LARGEST CONTIGUOUS LANDBANK Despite having seven world class hotels, approximately 4,500 hotel rooms and hundreds of F&B and retail options across a footprint of more than 1.2 million square meters, we still have the largest contiguous landbank of any operator in Macau, with the capacity to add an additional 1 million square meters of integrated resort.
We continue to evaluate how best to maximize the value of this remaining development pipeline, but envisage that Cotai Phases 3 & 4 will be more mass, family and MICEE orientated.
To complement our high energy properties in Macau, we are also exploring developing a world class destination resort on a 2.7 square kilometre parcel of land on Hengqin. We are excited by Hengqin s potential to become a major business and leisure 
EXCEPTIONAL STRONG BALANCE SHEET GEG has always adopted a prudent financial strategy. Even after investing over HK$50 billion in Macau over the last ten years, and paying special dividends totalling HK$1.8 billion in 2015, we have a strong, well-capitalized and liquid balance sheet. At 31 December 2015, cash on hand was HK$7.7 billion and net cash was HK$6.5 billion. The Group is virtually debt 
Two special dividends were paid in the year: HK$0.28 on 22 May 2015 and HK$0.14 on 30 October 2015.
We are also pleased to announce another special dividend of HK$0.15 per share to be paid on or about 29 April 2016.
Including this special dividend, GEG will have returned HK$7.3 billion to shareholders since 2014, confirming our confidence in Macau and our commitment of returning surplus capital to shareholders.

I would like to extend my thanks to Mr. Anthony Carter, who resigned as a Non-Executive Director of the Board of GEG in August 2015, for his valuable contribution over the years. I would also like to welcome Dr. Charles Cheung Wai Bun, who joined the Company as a Non-Executive Director in October 2015.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK GEG remains confident about the medium to long term prospects for the Macau market. Our confidence is supported by unchanged fundamental drivers for growth, such as increasing domestic consumption and the growth in the middle class in China, combined with low penetration rates into Macau that will be transformed over time as major planned infrastructure works such as the Taipa Ferry Terminal, Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge and other high speed rail links come on stream in the next couple of years.
In the short term, while it is too early to call the bottom of the market, sequential growth in Macau s 2015 fourth quarter gross gaming revenue, continuing high occupancy rates across all of our properties and healthy visitation over the Chinese New Year Period, are positive signs that the market could be stabilizing.
However, we do acknowledge that the global economy is currently experiencing a wide range of challenges. This could result in less predictive trends and great volatility in the shorter time horizon.

There can be no denying that 2015 was the most challenging year on record for Macau and the gaming industry. However, GEG s financial performance was more than respectable and the opening on time and under budget of Galaxy Macau"! Phase 2 and Broadway Macau"! on a combined basis was a tremendous accomplishment.
The market s evolution to mass has accelerated in the last five years and particularly over the last 18 months as VIP has been disproportionately impacted by macro factors. In this time, GEG has structurally shifted its own business to mass, which now accounts for the vast majority of our EBITDA.
We expect the challenging business environment to continue and therefore it is imperative that we strive for operational excellence and exercise strict cost controls. While I am delighted that we were able to make operational cost savings of approximately HK$500 million last year, we are very cognisant that efficiency gains must not compromise the World Class, Asian Heart service standards that we have become renowned for and we will not pursue any local labor redundancies.
In the last ten years our rise has been staggering. We have transformed from effectively being a start up to vying for market share leadership in Macau and becoming one of the world s most valuable gaming companies. With our differentiated proposition, excellent management team and staff and well defined development pipeline, we believe the next ten years will be equally as successful.
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
