CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Che-woo Lui GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It is with great pleasure that I write to update you on the performance of our company, Galaxy Entertainment 
2011 was another historic year in the Group s evolution, as it achieved all time record highs in revenue, Adjusted EBITDA and net profit attributable to shareholders. In addition, with the opening of Galaxy Macau"!, we took another enormous leap forward in the realisation of our vision to be Globally recognised as Asia s leading gaming and entertainment corporation .
Galaxy Macau"!, the Group s first integrated resort, was launched on 15 May 2011 to worldwide acclaim. It was extremely pleasing to see it receive such a rapturous reception from our guests and customers, as well as our partners and friends from the industry and from the Macau Government. GEG is now the only Concessionaire to have flagship properties in both the gaming hub of the Macau Peninsula and the fast emerging area of Cotai.
Underlying Group revenue and earnings grew very strongly, with StarWorld making a significant contribution with another set of record results on the back of achieving its highest ever VIP and mass gaming volumes. Together with Galaxy Macau"!, Group Adjusted EBITDA for the year more than doubled to HK$5.7 billion as compared to HK$2.2 billion in 2010.
Despite the exciting challenge of launching Galaxy Macau"!, Group net cashflow continues to be exceptionally strong as a result of our excellent revenue growth, operational efficiency and prudent structuring of our long-term financing. Our executive team kept a strong focus on optimising the performance in our other gaming and non-gaming activities and ensuring the highest levels of financial efficiency across the business.
Looking forward, we expect Macau to maintain its growth trajectory, as it continues to successfully diversify and attract a broader spectrum of visitors with an ever wider array of leisure and tourism attractions. Macau has a very exciting future ahead, and GEG will play a major role in its future development as a result of having the largest permitted contiguous landbank in the SAR, excellent cashflow and a truly unique vision.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Macau is making impressive progress towards becoming one of Asia s most attractive leisure and tourist destinations. Visitors can stay in an incredible variety of five-star hotels, dine in some of Asia s finest restaurants and enjoy an ever growing selection of leisure and 
Impressive plans to greatly enhance road, rail and air access to Macau are already delivering results and will bring enormous benefits for visitors in terms of accessibility and efficiency to Macau for years to come. Significant improvements to the immigration barrier gate in Macau were successfully completed in 2011, and the handling capacity of the Zhuhai barrier gate will also be greatly enhanced in the near future. Accessibility to Macau from Mainland China is also in the process of being transformed through the creation of a High Speed Railway network.
The expected completion of the Beijing-Guangzhou railway line in the near future will help drive substantial visitor 
Total visitor arrivals in Macau for the year increased by 12% to a new record high of 28 million. Visitors from Mainland China grew by 22% year-on-year to 16.2 million, and this has been a key factor for the accelerating growth in mass market gaming.
We are very proud of the important role that Galaxy Macau"!, as a truly integrated resort destination, is playing in supporting the Central and Macau Government s ambitious and innovative plans to drive the growth and diversification of Macau with tourism.
MANAGEMENT TEAM & BOARD UPDATE GEG has one of the strongest management teams in the industry and I am immensely proud of their success in the innovative design, development and launching of the award winning Galaxy Macau"!. Just as impressive is their relentless focus on managing all of our other gaming and non-gaming operations and their constant drive in managing costs and optimising efficiency.
Following a reduction in Permira s investment in GEG, Dr. Martin Clarke, one of the two Directors previously nominated by the Permira funds, tendered his resignation on 20 October 2011. The Board would like to express its gratitude to Dr. Clarke for his support and invaluable contribution to GEG during his term of appointment, a period in which the Group has made enormous progress in achieving its vision.

Since opening in May 2011, Galaxy Macau"! has proved to be a game changer for Macau. With its bold Asian themed design, lavish Asian architecture and World Class, Asian Heart service, it was the only new resort destination to open in Macau in 2011. Galaxy Macau"! s success reflects the meticulous planning, testing and operational capabilities of the Group.
Even in the short time since opening, Galaxy Macau"! has achieved significant recognition, the most prestigious of which were: The World s Best CasinoIntegrated Resort 2011 at the International Gaming Awards and 2011 Best Integrated Resort award at the Top Travel Awards in Beijing held in December of last year.
Following on from the successful launch of Phase One of Galaxy Macau"!, we look to the future with great enthusiasm and anticipate providing our stakeholders with the details of our plans for Phase Two in the near future.
We are confident that they will be as excited as we are about the possibilities.

StarWorld, our flagship property on the Macau Peninsula, achieved another excellent year, finishing 2011 with its 14th consecutive quarter of Adjusted EBITDA growth and delivering return on investment (ROI) of 86%, well above last year s record levels. This success was driven by its great location in the gaming hub, outstanding product and service delivery, and powerful operating synergies with its sister casino Galaxy Macau"!. StarWorld continues to be one of the best performing casinos in the world, designed to appeal to customers who value an Asian experience with Asian service standards.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK Macau s prospects remain buoyant. The Central and Macau Government s far-sighted and substantial investment in infrastructure, coupled with their encouragement of private sector leisure and tourism projects, will ensure that Macau is able to harness the enormous growth potential of China and the wider Asian region, to become one of Asia s most attractive leisure and tourist destinations.
We remain positive on the economic outlook for China.
China is expected to achieve GDP growth in excess of 7.5% in 2012. This economic resilience and continuing growth is a direct result of the Chinese Government s 12th Five Year Plan and it will play a critical role in securing the growth of Macau.

GEG s Construction Materials Division continues to deliver solid growth, successfully focusing on higher value products such as Slag and forging excellent joint ventures in Mainland China. The Division has ambitious expansion plans in Mainland China and we are confident that given its performance in recent years, it can achieve these.
Reporting 24% Adjusted EBITDA growth during the year, the Division continues to be an important profit driver and cash generator for the Group. Its management team are to be commended for successfully growing the business at rates well ahead of even the Mainland Chinese economy in 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY At GEG, sharing our success with all of our stakeholders is an integral part of achieving our vision. In 2011, we continued to make a valuable contribution to the local community and wider society through an array of social, environmental, philanthropic and volunteering activities.
We spearheaded some of the initiatives, such as Galaxy Green which is a key component of our strategy to make Galaxy the greenest resort operator in Macau, and numerous social projects for the elderly, handicapped and young; we sponsored others, for example, the 2011 Macau FIVB World Grand Prix and the 2011 Macau Marathon, for the 7th and 8th consecutive year, respectively; and, we participated in and supported other important events and institutions in Macau, with donations to the University of Macau Development Fund to social and religious groups which do important work in the 
I would like to emphasise that our initiatives in this area are not just at a corporate level; we strongly encourage and empower our staff to participate in activities that benefit the wider community. We also create and organise numerous activities that enable our staff to practise and enjoy a satisfying work-life balance.

GEG has consistently proved its ability to build, open and operate some of the largest and most innovative leisure and entertainment properties in the world. With our Asian Heart service we have defined a whole new category in the sector. We have succeeded because we intrinsically understand that our customers want an Asian experience and we deliver this to them in what is rapidly becoming one of Asia s most attractive leisure and tourist 
Looking to the future, we have the largest contiguous gaming permitted landbank in Macau and we are hugely excited about the potential for its development. During the course of 2012 we will reveal more of our plans for Phase Two of Galaxy Macau"!, which will extend the appeal of this landmark on the Cotai skyline, grow the footprint, drive visitation and optimise utilisation and returns from the 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank each and every one of our growing family of staff who have all played a critical role in our success, achieving our vision and delighting our guests with Asian Heart service.
Dr. Che-woo Lui GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
