Chairman s Statement In 2002, BEA Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,288 million, representing a decrease of HK$312 million, or 19.5%, over that of HK$1,600 million for 2001. Basic earnings per share were HK$0.89. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.7% and 6.9% respectively.
As at 31st December, 2002, total consolidated assets were HK$185,243 million, a slight increase of HK$3,478 million over the position at the end of 2001. Advances to customers were HK$108,409 million, representing 58.5% of total consolidated assets. Customer deposits were HK$141,662 million, while the debt instruments issued stood at HK$10,277 million. The loan to deposit ratio was 71.3%, compared with 72.3% at the end of 2001. Total capital resources increased by 2.9% to HK$23,196 million.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting to be held on Tuesday 25th March, 2003, Mr. George Ho will retire in accordance with the Articles of Association and will not seek re-election. Mr. Ho was appointed a Director of the Bank in 1968 and has served BEA for 35 years. On behalf of the Board, I take this opportunity to extend our gratitude to Mr. Ho for his wise counsel and invaluable contribution to BEA during his tenure of service on the Board and wish him every happiness, good health and success for the 
At the Annual General Meeting, the Directors will propose a final dividend of HK$0.35 per share which, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.21 per share paid in September 2002, will constitute a total dividend of HK$0.56 per share for the full year. This represents an increase of 3.7% over the total dividend of HK$0.54 per share for the year 2001. Shareholders whose names are on the Register of Members at the close of business on Tuesday, 4th March, 2003 will be entitled to the proposed final dividend. The final dividend will be paid in cash, with an option to receive new, fully paid shares in lieu of cash. This scrip dividend scheme is conditional upon the passing of the relevant resolution at the Annual General Meeting and the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares. The dividend warrants and the share certificates for the scrip dividend will be sent to shareholders by ordinary mail on or about Tuesday, 25th March, 2003.
Details of the scrip dividend and the election form will be sent to shareholders on or about Tuesday, 4th March, 2003.
The year 2002 remained a difficult one for the Hong Kong banking industry. The pressure on margins did not subside, and profitability was adversely affected by sluggish loan demand, falling interest rates and the sharp rise in the number of personal bankruptcies. The outlook for 2003 remains challenging, despite an expected turn-around in the domestic economy. Competition among banks will continue to be keen, as they strive to maintain and expand their market positions. Banks will continue to look for new ways to use their capital effectively, and will be aggressive in exploring new revenue and profit streams. In view of the continuing difficult operating environment, there is likely to be further consolidation within the sector, as commercial pressures will benefit those with greater size and economies of scale.
BEA has maintained its strategic position as one of the most respected financial institutions in Hong Kong.
In the face of the challenges, BEA will continue to pursue its proven strategy to enhance its franchise and strengthen its competitive position in the market. BEA strives to exploit new market opportunities and develop alternate income sources. It continues to seek potential acquisition and alliance opportunities as part of its growth strategy. In January 2002, BEA acquired a majority shareholding in Tengis Limited, a major provider of corporate services. BEA has subsequently brought Tengis and other related acquisitions together under Tricor Holdings Limited, building the largest provider of business, corporate and investor services, including share registration, corporate secretarial, trust and outsourced administration services, in Hong Kong. This business offers excellent cross-selling opportunities to the Group, and will be a significant fee income contributor to BEA in the coming years. In February 2002, BEA kicked off its new corporate identity initiative, with a dynamic brand image and new branch layouts tailored to the Group's strategy. To realise greater value from its extensive local branch network, BEA has repositioned itself as a comprehensive one-stop financial services centre and undertaken a broad programme to promote the sale of insurance, wealth management and other products at its branches.
Improving operating efficiencies has been a key focus in the Group's operations. BEA has undertaken a number of initiatives to achieve this objective. BEA successfully completed the merger with First Pacific Bank in April 2002, enhancing its efficiency and economies of scale. Rationalisation of the branch network has progressed as scheduled, and the number of branches was reduced to 105 by the end of 2002. BEA is also shifting certain back office operations in the areas of data entry, call centre services, computer programming and bills and credit card support to its lower-cost Guangzhou Operation Centre, which commenced operation in October 2002.
The China market forms an important element of BEA's growth strategy. The Bank has aggressively leveraged its well established presence in China to further enhance its position as a premier foreign bank.
With an extensive branch and office network, BEA is well prepared to capitalise on the opportunities arising from the liberalisation of the banking industry following China's accession to the World Trade Organization. BEA will also explore strategic alliance opportunities in China to enhance its business development and opportunities.
With our unique position in the China market, the synergy of our corporate services and insurance businesses with our main banking business, the aggressive promotion of our brand identity and our strong customer base, we will continue to build for the future and enhance our franchise in Hong Kong, the Mainland and 
