CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA Business Person of the Year 2007 DHLSCMP Hong Kong Business Awards Lifetime Achievement Award by American Academy of Hospitality Sciences in 2007 
In 2007, Galaxy Entertainment Group Limited ( Galaxy or the Group ) continued to deliver strong results. The Gaming and Entertainment Division has further strengthened Galaxy s position in the Macau market and laid a solid foundation for the business going forward. The Construction Materials Division has achieved signifi cant improvements, both in terms of growth and profi tability, under challenging market conditions, especially in mainland China.
For the year ended 31st December 2007, revenue from Galaxy s Gaming and Entertainment Division was HK$11,481 million, representing a 239% growth from the previous year.

The partnership with international private equity fi rm, Permira Funds, has strengthened the competitiveness of Galaxy.
In October 2007, we concluded the negotiation for Permira Funds to become a 20% shareholder of the Group. The transaction, which was completed in November, is a vote of confidence from a leading member of the international investment community to Galaxy in recognition of its prospects, business philosophy and strategy, and capable management team. Galaxy is also very pleased to form strategic partnership with this expert in the global gaming sector and consumer market expert. Riding on their expertise and network of premium international brands, the Group is confi dent of injecting innovative concepts into Galaxy mega resort, which will in turn signifi cantly enhance Galaxy s overall competitiveness. The equity injection from the transaction has substantially strengthened the capital base and greatly enhanced the financing capability and fl exibility of the Group.
The outstanding product quality and standard of service at StarWorld Hotel has not gone unnoticed. In November 2007, StarWorld was honored with the 5-star Diamond Award from the American Academy of Hospitality Sciences renowned for awarding excellence in the global travel and luxury services sector. StarWorld achieved this award in its fi rst full year of operation and is the only hotel to qualify for this award in Macau. In January 2008, StarWorld Hotel also achieved the High- Flyer Award by the renowned Hong Kong Business Magazine. In March 2008, StarWorld was further honored with the award of The TOP 10 City-Nova Hotels of China .
THE REMARKABLE EXPANSION OF THE MACAU MARKET Tourism in Macau continues to enjoy strong growth in 2007 with the number of visitors increased by 23% to 27 million. The majority of the visitors come from Mainland China (55%) and about 30% from Hong Kong. The gaming sector experienced an even more remarkable expansion with gross gaming revenue increased by 46% to MOP83.8 billion. Macau overtook Las Vegas in gaming revenue in 2007 and is today the biggest gaming center in the world.
Galaxy is well positioned in this fast growing market with our fl agship StarWorld Hotel and Casino in the Peninsula gaming hub and the Galaxy mega resort being developed in the Cotai entertainment hub. The Group is the only operator presently that will have a fl agship property in both key locations. The Group is confi dent that Galaxy mega resort, when opened, will considerably enhance its revenue generating capability and competitiveness, setting it apart from its industry peers in the competitive market. Furthermore, the Group s fl exibility to continue to roll out new offerings is ensured by the land bank in 
GALAXY MEGA RESORT MYSTICAL OASIS With its finger on the pulse of the market, the Group has planned carefully the positioning and long term development direction of Galaxy mega resort, aiming to make it the most competitive service and entertainment facility. As always, the Group leverages on the management team s in-depth understanding of the Asian and Chinese culture in developing Galaxy mega resort; and takes full advantages of our project team s local knowledge and experience in construction management.
Our management is conscientious of the principle of developing world-class quality products as well as the importance of delivering satisfactory return on investment.
In view of the strong surge of the Macau gaming market in 2007, the gaming capacity in Galaxy mega resort, especially for the VIP business, has been scaled-up to accommodate the expanded demand.
The Galaxy mega resort is presently scheduled to open in mid 2009. The mega resort themed a Mystical Oasis will be a fully integrated complex of entertainment, leisure and gaming facilities with enchanting charisma promising magical adventures to 
The Group is pleased to conclude negotiations and partner with an up-market Japanese hotel group Okura Hotels and Resorts. Galaxy and Okura share a lot of common ideology, including a high expectation for Asian-standard service quality and hospitality. Okura will manage one of the three hotels in Galaxy mega resort which will comprise the initial anchor cluster for the whole 15 million square feet development in Cotai.
THE HUMAN FACTOR In 2007, the openings of new casinos in the market continued to put pressure on staff recruitment and training. The Group has established our own Centre of Excellence for Casino Training. The facility has been a success in producing an adequate number of well trained gaming staff of world-class standard for Galaxy s casinos and contributing to the quality service 
Galaxy is very pleased to have Mr. Robert Drake, who has extensive fi nance and advisory experience in the gaming industry, joining us as the Group Chief Financial Offi cer. Mr. Drake worked previously with Harrah s Entertainment in Las Vegas where he most recently served as Vice President, Finance for the Western Division which includes their extensive Nevada operations.
The Group recruited throughout the year many experienced and high calibre gaming veterans as well as professionals in other important corporate functions such as project development, information systems and technology, legal, and strategic marketing to broaden and strengthen the existing management team.

Management fully appreciates the high standard of corporate governance and transparency expected from a world-class company. The Group conscientiously reviews its internal control and compliance standards to ensure the appropriate best practices are adopted.
The Group welcomed the appointment of Dr. Martin Clarke and Mr. Guido Paolo Gamucci as non-executive Directors of the Company in November 2007 and believes that their appointment will bring substantial management expertise and business experience to support the growth of business and the realization of our established vision to be a world-class company and a leading Asian-based gaming and entertainment group.
I would also like to pay tribute to our retiring Directors. Mr. Chan Kai Nang will retire as executive Director and the Managing Director of the Construction Materials Division on 1st May 2008. Dr. Charles Cheung Wai Bun will retire as independent non-executive Director and will not seek for re-election at our Annual General Meeting on 19th June 2008. On behalf of the Board, I extend my sincere appreciation to both of them for their continuous efforts and contributions to the Group. I also congratulate Mr. Joseph Chee Ying Keung on his appointment as the Managing Director of the Construction Materials Division with effect from 1st May 2008.

2007 has been a fruitful year for the Group, we have received recognitions for our accomplishments, collected valuable experience with another year of operation, especially from our own fl agship property StarWorld, and competed successfully with the other concession holders. To face the intense competition and challenge in 2008 and perform, the Group must build on its accomplishments maintaining its momentum in the VIP sector and making further in-roads into the mass market.
Our focus in 2008 is to make StarWorld an even more effective and effi cient revenue driver for the Group until Galaxy mega resort comes into operation. While the importance of the City Club casinos has been taken over by StarWorld, they are still delivering valuable market share and contributing to the overall profi tability of the Group.
In closing, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my heartfelt appreciation to my fellow Directors and dedicated staff for their tireless efforts to achieve the mission for Galaxy to become the leading Asian-based gaming, leisure and entertainment group. I look forward to working with them to build on the success we achieved in 2007 and work diligently and proactively in face of the increasingly competitive market environment and accomplish even greater success for the Group in 2008 and beyond.
Dr. Lui Che Woo , GBS, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
