CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT It is my great pleasure to report that The Bank of East Asia Group ( Group ) delivered another set of record results for 2012, with strong contributions from across the Group. Profit attributable to owners of the parent reached a new high of HK$6,056 million, HK$1,698 million, or 39.0%, greater than the HK$4,358 million earned in 2011. Basic earnings per share stood at HK$2.72. Return on average assets and return on average equity were 0.9% and 11.9%, respectively.
The Board of Directors has declared a second interim dividend (in lieu of final dividend) of HK$0.63 per share for the year ended 31st December, 2012, bringing the dividend for the year to HK$1.06 per share.
The small, open Hong Kong economy is particularly vulnerable to external events, and local growth slowed as overseas economies struggled in 2012. However, economic conditions stabilised from the end of the third quarter and investment sentiment improved, leading to a strong recovery in financial markets from September. BEA maintained a close focus on creating value for customers and investors, providing best in class financial services and seeking investment opportunities that generate Much of BEA s growth in recent years is attributable to the success of the Bank in developing new business links between the Mainland, Hong Kong and overseas. To this end, BEA operates highly integrated banking networks in Hong Kong and the Mainland, supported by a balanced presence in regional and international markets. Going forward, the Bank s strategic focus is two-fold: To further build on its advantage in supporting business flows between Hong Kong, the Mainland and overseas; and to provide a wider range of banking services to each individual customer.
Assisted by BEA’s extensive network on the Mainland,
BEA Hong Kong has capitalised on strong demand from
Mainland corporations to increase its cross-border trade
finance business significantly. The Bank is now building
on these relationships, introducing and selling a wider
range of products and services geared to meeting the
specific needs of Mainland corporations as they become
more active in overseas markets.
BEA anticipates further favourable policy changes in the
near term that will create even greater opportunities for
cross-border business, particularly in the development
zones of Qianhai, Hengqin and Nansha. In future years,
business originating in China is expected to continue to
drive growth in Hong Kong.
The Bank’s wholly owned Mainland subsidiary, The Bank of
East Asia (China) Limited ("BEA China"), will maintain its
proven business strategies, steadily expanding its branch
network and strengthening its e-distribution capabilities,
investing in new product development and focusing on the
niche areas in which it has a competitive advantage.
The number of outlets operated by BEA China has
climbed rapidly, from 28 on the date of its founding
in March 2007 to 114 at the end of 2012. During
2012, BEA China conducted an extensive review of the
business activities of its Mainland branches and set new
priorities for the coming years. Following this review, a
rationalisation programme will be implemented in 2013
to drive efficiency, control costs and focus resources
where they will generate higher returns.
BEA China will expand its clientele, targeting in particular
medium-sized enterprises. As part of this strategy, BEA
China has developed a specialised class of products for
supply chain financing to assist clients in managing their
domestic trade. These products offer convenience and
efficiency for clients, while generating new deposits and
new income sources for the bank.
The international operations of the Bank reported record
profits amid robust growth in both loans and deposits in
2012. Asset quality saw significant improvement, as the
impairment loan ratio returned to normal levels. Growing
trade-refinance business and good performance by BEA’s
associate bank in Malaysia were major contributors to the
rise in profits from international operations.
The sale of an 80% interest in The Bank of East Asia
(U.S.A.) N.A. to Industrial and Commercial Bank of
China Limited (“ICBC”) was completed in July 2012.
BEA anticipates that the growing commercial ties
between China and the United States (“US”) represent
a substantial opportunity for the unit under ICBC
management. Meanwhile, BEA will continue to develop
its wholesale banking businesses in the US through its
federal branches in New York and Los Angeles.
Over the past decade, BEA has entered into a number
of agreements with strategic partners, and enjoys very
good relations with overseas financial institutions. In
cooperation with these partners, in 2013 BEA will further
expand its cross-border referral business.
The Bank made welcome progress in its efforts to improve
cost-to-income performance during the past year. To
further enhance operating efficiency, the Bank will step
up investments in innovation, particularly in technologies
that reduce the cost of providing banking services. In
parallel, the Bank will further develop its iPhone/Android
applications and hone its marketing initiatives in order
to enhance BEA’s appeal to the younger generation. The
Bank will continue to innovate, applying appropriate
technology to further improve the customer experience.
The Bank maintains a sound and efficient capital
position to support its business goals and meet changing
regulatory requirements. With new capital adequacy rules
now being phased in, BEA has implemented an ongoing
programme to make more efficient use of capital through
pricing and asset allocation. In the coming year, the Bank
will increase the proportion of interest-earning assets that
require a lower capital charge, and raise the ratio of fee
income to total income through the sale of insurance,
investment and treasury products.
In December 2012, BEA concluded a share placement
with Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”)
in the amount of HK$3,301 million to further enhance
the Bank’s capital position. This followed the successful
issue of subordinated notes by the Bank in March and
April 2012 in an aggregate amount of $800 million
Singapore dollars. SMBC and BEA have a long history of
cooperation, and both banks welcomed this opportunity
to further enhance their strategic relationship.
I take pleasure in thanking our Bank’s Board of Directors
and the directors of our subsidiaries and associated
companies for their unstinting support and invaluable
advice during the past year. I would also like to thank the
management and staff of BEA for their commitment and
outstanding performance, and I look forward to working
as a team in the coming year to execute our business
strategies and develop new growth opportunities. Our
relationships with overseas financial institutions are
invaluable, and I thank the directors and managements
of these institutions for making our business partnerships
such an outstanding success. I also take great pleasure in
thanking our shareholders and customers for their long-
standing loyalty and confidence in the Bank.
Dr. Lee Shau-kee, who joined the Board in 1987, will
retire as a Director of the Bank on 24th April, 2013. He has
served the Board with distinction for more than 26 years,
making an invaluable contribution to the development
of the Bank during that period. On behalf of the Board,
I express my heartfelt gratitude to Dr. Lee for his wise
counsel and guidance over the past 26 years.
David LI Kwok-po
Chairman & Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 26th February, 2013