CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
It is with great pleasure that I write to update you on the performance of our Company in 2016.
I am pleased to announce that despite the challenging market conditions, GEG delivered solid financial results for the full
year.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW
The Macau gaming market stabilized in 2016 and finished the year on a positive note where from August onwards, Gross
Gaming Revenue (“GGR”) reported positive growth. In addition to the growth of GGR in the later part of 2016, the market
also experienced a shift in the mix of gaming revenue from the VIP to the Mass market.
Visitation in 2016 grew modestly to just under 31 million. However with the addition of new hotel capacity during the year,
overnight visitation has increased for seven consecutive months since June 2016 and was up 10% year-on-year to 15.7
million for the full year. This is a particularly encouraging sign as new capacity has driven increased overnight visitation and it is
estimated that overnight visitors spend more than day trippers.
GGR for 2016 was HK$216.7 billion, down 3% over 2015, however GGR did experienced growth in the later part of 2016
and this growth in GGR has continued into 2017.
In 2016 infrastructure designed to enable easier access to Macau and movement within Macau continued to progress and
we look forward to the completion of these infrastructure projects. These projects will further enhance the appeal and easy of
travel to and from Macau and travel within Macau for both Chinese and International visitors.
GEG PERFORMANCE
Despite the challenging market conditions, the Group’s revenues maintained a stable growth at 4% year-on-year to HK$52.8
billion. This reflects the Group’s endeavour to shift its earnings to the Mass segment and non-gaming amenities and
demonstrates the Group’s commitment to support the Macau Government’s effort to diversify the economy and grow nongaming
revenue.
Adjusted EBITDA of the Group reached HK$10.3 billion, up 18% year-on-year in 2016. Net profit attributable to shareholders
was HK$6.3 billion and the Group’s hotels were virtually fully occupied.
GEG maintained a strong, well-capitalized and liquid balance sheet. As of 31 December 2016, net cash was HK$16.7
billion, while cash and liquid investments were HK$22.6 billion. The debt of HK$5.9 billion reflects the Group’s ongoing yield
management initiative.
Two special dividends were paid in the year: HK$0.15 per share on 29 April 2016 and HK$0.18 per share on 28 October
2016. We are pleased to announce another special dividend of HK$0.26 per share to be paid on or about 28 April 2017, a
73% increase compared to April 2016.
In the medium to longer term, the Group remains optimistic in Macau as the Government is firmly committed to economic
diversification and the support of the gaming and tourism industries. Macau has been transformed into one of the world’s
leading entertainment cities, and a World Center of Tourism and Leisure. GEG’s strong reputation for delivering “World
Class, Asian Heart” services and products, unmatched development pipeline and strong balance sheet, position it well for
future growth opportunities. The Group has a strong belief that China’s economy will continue to grow. Rising domestic
consumption and wealth will increase domestic and international tourism.
DEVELOPMENT PIPELINE
With the largest contiguous land bank in Cotai, GEG is uniquely positioned for the medium and longer term growth in tourism
and leisure throughout Asia in general and China specifically. Cotai Phases 3 & 4 will provide GEG with the opportunity
to expand its non-gaming footprint even further. GEG continues to move forward with Phases 3 & 4 with the potential to
commence construction in late Q1 or early Q2 2017, with virtually all floor areas allocated to non-gaming and primarily
targeting MICE, entertainment and family facilities. GEG’s concept plans for our proposed Hengqin project continued
to progress. Hengqin will allow GEG to develop a low rise, low-density integrated resort that will complement our high
energy resorts in Cotai. We anticipate being able to provide further details later in the year. GEG is continuously exploring
opportunities in the overseas markets, including Japan.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK
The Group is positive on the longer term outlook for Macau and we are hopeful that the recent signs of stabilization
will successful transition into a sustainable recovery. Our confidence is supported by the city’s growth momentum and
underpinned by sound government policies, unchanged economic fundamentals, and improving infrastructure.
On the policy front, in its Interim Review, Five Year Plan and the forth coming Tourism Industry Plan, the Macau
Government’s proactive measures reinforced its commitment to economic diversification and its support of the gaming and
tourism industries. The Central Government also reiterated its support towards Macau to develop in the direction of “One
Centre, One Platform”, i.e. the World Center of Tourism and Leisure and the Commercial and Trading Services Platform for
China and Portuguese-speaking Countries, which will benefit all of Macau.
On the economic front, China’s gross domestic product (GDP) is expected to continue to grow in 2017. We believe the
current penetration of Macau visitors from China still remains low, this combined with an increase in the number of the
middle class will drive mainland visitors’ spending in Macau. The completion of infrastructure projects will also make Macau
more accessible and drive increased visitation.
However with that said, we do acknowledge that in the shorter term we face increased regional competition and a tightening
regulatory environment. In addition, there are a number of macro-economic and global geo-political events occurring in 2017
that may impact consumer sentiment.
CLOSING REMARKS
It has been a year of further progress – financially, operationally and strategically. Although 2016 was a challenging year for
Macau and the gaming industry, GEG delivered solid financial results.
Moving forward, GEG will continue to focus on the Mass Market and the development of its non-gaming business. The
positive momentum that occurred in the later part of 2016 has carried over into the beginning of 2017. With a robust
development pipeline, GEG is well-positioned for long-term success and remains fully committed to support the Macau
Government’s efforts in transforming Macau into a World leading tourism and leisure destination.
Dr. Lui Che Woo
GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 February 2017