CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
It is with great pleasure that I write to update you on the performance of our Company. 2013 was another successful and eventful year for GEG. Record highs were achieved in revenue, earnings and net profit attributable to shareholders. We strengthened the balance sheet by reducing borrowings by 96%. The Group s two flagship properties were largely responsible for driving revenue and net profit attributable to shareholders higher by 16% and 36%, respectively. Efforts to optimise the potential of Galaxy Macau"! continue to pay off, and growth initiatives implemented at StarWorld Macau in 2013 have led to a marked resurgence. Both properties finished 2013 reporting their strongest ever quarterly performances, driving GEG s full year Adjusted EBITDA through the HK$12.6 billion mark.
Development of our landbank in Cotai also gathered pace, with Phase 2 of Galaxy Macau"! on budget and on schedule to complete by mid-2015 as the next major project in Macau, and construction of Phases 3 & 4 targeted to commence as early as late 2014. We also expanded our presence in Cotai with the strategic acquisition of the Grand Waldo Complex in July 2013 which is immediately adjacent to our site in Cotai. Further out, the proposed RMB10 billion development of a 2.7 square kilometre land parcel to develop a world class destination resort in Hengqin Island will significantly differentiate us from our competitors, complement GEG s business in Macau and play a key role in supporting Macau to become a world centre of tourism and leisure.
We are also exploring new opportunities to expand our brand beyond Macau into overseas markets. We are confident that our short, medium and long term roadmap for growth will enable the Group to create further value for shareholders for many years to come.
Recognising the exceptional growth and achievements of the business, GEG became a constituent of Hong Kong s benchmark Hang Seng Index in June 2013.
In addition, after careful consideration, we are very pleased to declare a special dividend of HK$0.7 per share. We believe that with our significant cash generating capability, combined with our confidence in the outlook for the future of Macau, we have the ability to continue with our development pipeline, maintain a strong balance sheet and return to shareholders.
MACAU MARKET REVIEW Macau continues to reinforce its reputation as one of the world s most dynamic and vibrant tourism and leisure destinations. Total visitor numbers increased from a high base by 4% to 29.3 million, with Mainland visitations growing at a faster rate of 10% to 18.6 million. Visitors from the Mainland now account for 64% of all visitors.
Total gaming revenues grew faster than that of 2012, increasing close to 19% to HK$350 billion. The higher margin mass segment was again the best performer recording revenue growth of 35% and VIP experienced a very encouraging 13% increase in revenue.
The long-term trend toward the mass segment shows no sign of diminishing. The increasingly affluent Chinese middle class has an appetite for travel, and this is being facilitated further by transport and infrastructure improvements such as the Guangzhou-Zhuhai Intercity Mass Rapid Transit and increased processing capabilities at the Gongbei border gate which became effective in December 2012 and June 2013 respectively.

Galaxy Macau"! maintained its record of achieving growth in every quarter since opening in May 2011, with latest twelve months ROI increasing to 51%. Results were buoyed by continued outperformance in mass and VIP, with revenues growing in excess of the overall market at 44% and 15%, respectively.

StarWorld Macau built on its solid performance in the first half of the year by delivering two consecutive quarters of best ever earnings to finish 2013. Fourth quarter Adjusted EBITDA surpasses the HK$1 billion level for the first time.
The property s tremendous performance was a result of several factors, including a strong performance in the mass segment where revenue surged 59%. Hotel occupancy rates stood at near capacity throughout the year at 99%.
The latest twelve month ROI was 105%.
CONSTRUCTION MATERIALS DIVISION GEG s Construction Materials Division recorded a solid set of results, achieving year-on-year growth of 6% in Adjusted EBITDA to HK$488 million.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY As our business grows, sharing our success with the Macau, Hong Kong and Mainland China communities is becoming ever more important. During 2013, GEG implemented a number of community and volunteering initiatives and contributed close to 2,000 hours of community services. We also made donations to more than 30 charity organisations.
Furthermore, as a member of the Responsible Gaming Working Committee, GEG works closely with relevant local parties in Macau to develop a wide range of initiatives to enhance Macau s responsible gaming culture. We also take seriously our obligations in upholding the new era of a smoke-free Macau, and have significantly upped our efforts to promote conservation and environmental sustainability across the business.
Recognising the importance of sporting and educational services to Macau s well-being and long term development, we sponsored the 10th Macau Galaxy Entertainment International Marathon 2013 and launched the GEG Youth Achievement Program 2013-2014 in October, which in past years has assisted more than 900 youngsters to maximise their full potential.
MACAU MARKET OUTLOOK We are very optimistic about Macau s prospects. The fundamental shift in the market to the mass segment, which now accounts for 30% of total gaming revenue, is positioned to continue at around these growth levels for the foreseeable future. GEG s high quality portfolio of complementary properties, which are equipped with diverse leisure and entertainment options that appeal to a broad cross section of guests, also position it well to capture this increasing set of visitors looking for a more holistic holiday experience. In terms of VIP, we expect the upward trend to continue this year, reflecting increased confidence in China s economic outlook.
Major infrastructure and transport improvement projects in the region are well underway. Within the next 3-4 years the Guangzhou-Zhuhai Super Highway ending at Hengqin Island, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge, the Light Rail Transit connecting Macau, Taipa and Cotai and improvements to the Macau International Airport, are all expected to complete, transforming again Macau s access from the Mainland China. Furthermore, we believe that Hengqin Island, which is just minutes away from Macau, will be complementary to our Macau properties and play a key role in supporting Macau s development as a world centre of tourism and leisure.

2013 has been a resounding success for the Group at a financial, operational and strategic level. To achieve historic highs in revenue and earnings at both of our flagship properties for the full year basis, demonstrates that we are effectively executing our strategy to drive strong returns at our existing facilities. Simultaneously, we have created a solid financial foundation to fund our future 
I would like to express my sincere thanks to every team member at GEG for their unwavering commitment and passion for the business. And finally, to the Macau Government, whose foresight and stewardship, outstanding support for the industry and GEG s diversification plans, leave Macau extremely well placed to prosper for decades to come.
Dr. Lui Che Woo GBM, MBE, JP, LLD, DSSc, DBA 
