China successfully achieved its official growth rate of 8% for the year 2009, with a series of economic stimulating policies rolled out to ward off the risk of an economic slowdown. Nevertheless, China s exports fell, indicating that a global economic slowdown could not be averted by the sheer effort of any one country. In this unpredictable period, we are grateful to receive unifying support from our staff and to have top managers taking initiatives to strengthen our domestic sales, all of which have been helping to mitigate the impact of slowing exports. For the year 2009, C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. ( CPP ) recorded a profit of US$8.8 million from its continuing operations, more than two times the 2008 level; turnover of our Chlortetracycline ( CTC ) and overall industrial business both reported growth, of which domestic CTC recorded a 30.8% year-on-year growth in turnover.
China has always been CPP s core market, and in 2009 we have further amplified our domestic presence alongside with Chinese government stimulus policies. Among the initiatives we took to strengthen our position were: improving after-sales services; promoting brand awareness; and expanding sales networks. For after-sales services, our hydrochloride CTC ( HCL CTC ) business has begun the recruitment process for professional vets to be included in its sales force to promote application uses of HCL CTC products, as well as enhance users product knowledge. Moreover, a new Dayang motorcycle maintenance station was commenced during the year to provide customers quality after-sales services. For brand awareness promotion, during the period under review, CPP also stepped up promotions on its products. For example, Luoyang Northern Ek Chor Motorcycle Company Limited ( Northern Ek Chor ) seized growth opportunities with the backing of the Appliance Subsidy Scheme , launching publicity events and promotions in rural areas to heighten its image and better position the Dayang brand there. Finally, we have always been preparing ourselves to seize viable business opportunities whenever they spring up by continuously expanding our sales network.
In 2009, Northern Ek Chor launched its Dayang Motorcycles Made Convenient for Villagers project to penetrate its sales networks in the countryside; ECI Metro Investment Co., Ltd. ( ECI Metro ) also added five rental shops to provide sales services for Caterpillar machinery products, complementing its 
Consumers are demanding more and more in product safety and quality; likewise, CPP places a high value on customer satisfaction and constant improvement, maintaining its product research and development. During the year, we have developed a new HCL CTC product a CTC water soluble powder; Northern Ek Chor introduced three new motorcycle models to the market to cater to the demands of its customers; Zhanjiang Deni Carburetor Co., Ltd. ( Zhanjiang Deni ) also took steps to seize business opportunities brought about by various government stimulus packages and has been adding resources to produce automotive spare parts, as well as developing various models for motorcycle carburetors that meet the National Standard III requirement. Apart from these, we are delighted that Northern Ek Chor was awarded the High Technology Enterprise by the government bodies of the Science and Technology Department of Henan Province, affirming our research and 
While consolidating our own strengths, CPP is also vying for projects that will benefit the company and its shareholders. After a careful review of our strategic planning, we decided to make a move to inject feed assets into the CPP s structure from its parent group. Having issued the No. 1 Document in consecutive years to reinforce all kinds of policies with respect to agricultural subsidies, Chinese government has always spared no effort in developing its agri-industry, and as the nation s household incomes rise, demand for meat products is expected to rise, indirectly influencing the demand for feed. As a matter of fact, total domestic production volume of feed products has been steadily rising over the past few years, without being largely affected by changes in the economy or animal disease outbreaks; we believe future demand for domestic feed is going to grow steadily. With China s feed industry currently undergoing consolidation and the recent tightening of quality and safety standards for feed products, sizable feed companies are bound to benefit.
Our newly acquired feed asset is one of the leading feed producers in China, with operations spanning 26 provinces and municipalities, and over 24,000 exclusive sales agents, producing a well-diversified product mix including poultry, swine, and aqua feed products among others. This feed producer has already developed three new products for swine feed, and market testing suggests that the products high conversion rate is going to be well-received by breeders. Advertisements for these products are produced and tailor-made by world-class advertising and marketing company and are broadcast and promoted via China Central Television (CCTV). We believe the acquired feed business is going to benefit from its leading position in the midst of industry consolidation.
We are pleased to have announced that the acquisition was completed on 28 February 2010. We believe the feed business will not only provide sustainable earnings growth, but will also enhance and diversify the current income base; we therefore highly believe that such acquisition will have long- term benefits to the company and its shareholders.
Looking forward to 2010, the market is now turning to domestic issues like inflationary concerns and ballooning credit extensions. Having said that, we believe the government will continue its efforts in developing and implementing stimulus policies for the agriculture industry, raising the living standard of the rural population, as well as further strengthening the development of the agriculture industry.
For example, it has raised purchase prices for rice and wheat, provided subsidies for infrastructure and facilities for breeders and cultivators, and encouraged big corporations to organize training programs to upgrade farmers with the latest technology. To keep China s economy growing, we anticipate the Chinese government will continue to employ stimulus measures to shore up domestic consumption, including infrastructure investments and promotion of rural consumption. CPP will steer itself toward developing the newly acquired feed business, in support of China s agriculture reform and development, and at the same time, continue to develop and grow its CTC and industrial businesses.
Finally, I would like to thank our staff for their contribution in the past year, as well as to our shareholders, business partners and customers for all their trust and support.

Hong Kong, 8 March 2010 