Chairman s Statement In 2015, the global economy faced downward pressure. The recovery of the United States was slow, economic conditions in Europe were still challenging and growth of emerging markets saw a general slowdown. Among the core markets of C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Group ), China reported a gross domestic product growth of 6.9% in 2015, down from 7.3% in 2014, whereas Vietnam saw improvement in her economic conditions and achieved a 6.7% gross domestic product growth versus 6.0% in 2014.
With enterprises in our core markets continuing to transform and upgrade and with the impact of increasingly stringent industry regulations, the sector is consolidating, ousting the weaker players.
As the transformation of the feed industry speeds up, enterprises wishing to stay competitive must step up adoption of more advanced technologies and sharpen their operating competencies at the same time. They also have to heed society s growing demand for environmental protection and more intense regulation of the industry.
With China slowly taking in her new norm , the agri-food industry is exposed to the pressure from the slowing growth of the macro economy as well as the changing industry environment. In Vietnam, business ambience improved with the signing of multiple international trade agreements during the year. Nevertheless, as the Vietnamese society develops, her government has tightened the technical and environmental requirements on enterprises. Overall, in 2015, enterprises in the agri-food industry were challenged on how to adapt to changes and improve allocation of resources and production 
As China and Vietnam press ahead with reforms and efforts to improve market operation as well as to lift the industry entry barrier by for example toughening production and environmental protection standards, players in the feed industry have started to transform and upgrade their practices strategically so as to achieve sustainable development and strengthen their competitive advantages. For sizable agri-food players like the Group, the new trend and industry landscape present opportunities. As a market leader, the Group was able to draw on its advanced technology and abundant experience to further consolidate its leadership in 2015.
To cope with the changing industry environment, the Group has remained steadfast in upholding its Three Benefits Principle benefit the country, benefit the people and benefit the company. Apart from ramping up investment in research and development and advanced technologies, the Group continued to encourage and push forward with innovation increasing automation, bringing in new and advanced equipment, and adopting information-based production systems. On the business side, the Group focused on applying its technological and managerial expertise to its feed business. Internally, it implemented measures such as modernizing management systems, optimizing customer base and enhancing product structure. By giving attention to business segments with significant market demand and high profitability, and also fortifying its service capabilities, value- added services and corporate image, the Group was able to maintain its market leadership.
In July 2015, the Group spun-off and separately listed its biochemical and industrial businesses under Chia Tai Enterprises International Limited. Going forward, the Group will focus on the agri-food business. Our efforts made during the year contributed to the Group s solid results in 2015.
Looking ahead, in 2016, the Group s operating markets will still be affected by challenging external economic conditions. China is expected to continue to implement austerity measures in her bid to reduce excessive production capacity and inventories, which may cause domestic consumption to shrink and economic growth continuing to slow down. However, the Group is confident that 2016 will be a year for China to take her reforms to deeper levels and see the emergence of a market that favours fairer competition and more competent enterprises. As for Vietnam, with market conditions having been positive for some time already, a little easing in the future should not come as a surprise.
Today, our society is in a development phase that emphasizes innovation, coordination, care for the environment, openness and sharing. Together with industry consolidation, China continuing on its modernization and urbanization path, and emphasis on entrepreneurship and innovative endeavours, the Group is presented with opportunities to realize more of its advantages.
To achieve sustainable development, the Group will make the most of its rich industry-chain resources, exercise stringent quality control, and embrace innovation and technology. We will continue to develop the downstream food business, striving to fulfil our vision of becoming The Kitchen of the World and creating values for society.
Finally, I would like to take the opportunity to express my sincere thanks to all members of our team for their efforts and contributions to the Group in the past year. I would also like to extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust and support.

Hong Kong, 29 February 2016 