Chairman s Statement With urbanization and rapid economic development, food consumption in China saw a steady growth in recent years. Not only did the consumption amount rises, but the quality demanded also increases. Nowadays, Chinese are striving to eat better rather than to satisfy basic needs; food safety and health issues have become growing concerns over the past few years. The Chinese government has placed more effort in enhancing the supervision of food safety. As highlighted in The State Council s gazette dated 23 June 2012, the urgency of implementing effective measures to raise the national food safety standards is a key concern of the nation.
China s population reaches 1.35 billion. Due to industrial and urban development, stringent farmland preservation regime as well as current farming practices, the development of the farming industry faces various hurdles, including increasing scarcity of natural resources, prevalence of low production scale and inefficiency, rising risk of disease outbreak, inadequate food safety control as well as weak infrastructure and technological support. Limited land and food resources have become the major forces for the industry to enhance productivity. Small, inferior feed manufacturers will gradually fade out through market competition, and the market landscape will become more concentrated. We believe that these developments will bring about opportunities for C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. and its subsidiaries 
In Vietnam, the economy saw a sluggish year in 2012 with falling domestic consumption, shrinking export markets and surging non-performing loans. The government s tightening policies has successfully reined in inflationary pressure. However, Vietnam in 2012 is expected to record its slowest GDP growth rate since 1999.
In the context of great challenges in Vietnam s economy, our Group s agri-food business in Vietnam achieved mixed results in 2012, with feed segment reporting strong performance while farming segment suffering from short-term pressures. Unlike the situation in highly developed farming markets where technological skills of industry participants are at similar footing, the levels of farming technology among players in emerging markets differ dramatically. No doubt, prices of farming produce will be affected by short-term supply and demand cycles. But for those groups possessing technological know- how, animal farming in emerging markets represents an attractive business opportunity, particularly over a multi-year time horizon. The Group operates some of the most advanced livestock and aqua-culture farms in Vietnam. Together with strong financial resources and market access, the farming business is expected to be a valuable pillar of the Group s business in years to come.
Despite the complicated and challenging global economic environment in 2012, I am delighted to report the solid financial results achieved by the Group. In 2012, the Group s revenue grew 36.9% to US$4,959 million; profit attributable to shareholder increased 17.9% to US$204 million.
Looking forward, food safety will be one of the top issues in the agri- food industry. It is not only a subject in emerging markets, but also a global topic. Nonetheless, we believe that the increasing concern on food safety is not a threat to us. Rather, it is an opportunity for the Group. With years of accumulated experience and know-how in the agri-food industry, the Group can further differentiate itself through its competitive advantages.
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to our team for their effort and contributions to the Group over the past year, and to extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust and support.

Hong Kong, 22 February 2013 