The year 2007 saw even stronger growth in China s overall economy, with the agricultural sector on a recovery track and the industrial sector showing steady growth. Riding on this improving economic environment, our Group s agribusinesses showed signs of improvement while our industrial business also reported substantial progress in 2007.
During the year under review, economic development in China did not show any signs of slowdown; national fixed asset investments continued to grow at a fast pace, with growth particularly noticeable in the western region of China where market demand for heavy-duty machinery equipment multiplied. Moreover, strong domestic consumption resulting from an improved standard of living also spurred domestic demand further and benefited sales of the Group s food products, motorcycles 
As China s economy takes off, agricultural and industrial reforms have also been implemented. In an effort to augment agricultural industrialization, new laws on Farmers Professional Cooperatives ( FPCs ) were launched in July last year to empower the FPCs with legitimate rights and to provide systems for their establishment and operation, thereby, facilitating the development of the new socialist village and the agricultural industrialization.
With the FPCs in development, the Group has been researching ways of complementing new players and attaining communal benefits. Successful industrialization of China s agriculture will not come quickly; domestic agriculture will have to grow and reach a level of scale, standardization, specialization and commercialization, and to do so it will need not only time to mature, but also the support and coordination from government, financial institutions and enterprises. The inherent risk associated with funding the agricultural industry combined with government decisions to implement a tighter monetary control in order to combat domestic inflation could hinder the support of the FPCs by financial institutions, complicating further policy implementation.
In recent years, food and products from China have been repeatedly exposed to safety and quality issues and corrective measures of such will be overseen both at home and overseas. Coupled with a rising yuan, China s exports will certainly be impacted. Regarding the Group s stance on product safety and quality, the Group has always run its businesses with integrity, putting the safety and well- being of our customers above all else by adhering to strict safety and quality in all products, winning credibility from our customers. Indeed, sales of our cooked food products in domestic and overseas markets both recorded growth last year, with sales particularly strong in the domestic market.
Demand for feed additives has not been affected much by market concern over food safety.
It is anticipated that feed additives will remain in demand. As the biggest manufacturer of Chlortetracycline ( CTC ) in China, the Group has been recording steady growth over the recent years. Our new Hydrochloride CTC plant, located in Putan, Fujian, with an annual capacity of 1,000 tons will be ready to go into production in 2008, further strengthening the Group s capability of 
In recent years, our industrial business has also been progressing steadily, and performance was particularly strong last year. Our Dayang brand motorcycle won the 2007 China s 500 Most Valuable Brands , and we are the designated sole agent in the western region of China for the world s largest construction and mining equipment producer, Caterpillar. Zhanjiang Deni Carburetor Co., Ltd. ( Zhanjiang Deni ), one of our jointly-controlled entities, is also the biggest motorcycle carburetor producer in China.
Currently, China is the world s largest producer of motorcycles, with sales reaching a new record high exceeding 25 million motorcycles last year, more than double compared to the year 2000. With the industry growing robustly, business prospects of the Group s motorcycles and motorcycle carburetors have been positively enhanced. In anticipation of the new emission control standards, National Standard III , which is coming into effect in July 2008, the Group is fully prepared, expecting the Group s motorcycles to pass the new standards by then.
With our strategic partner, Caterpillar, we are also collaborating closely to achieve stellar performance. Last year, fixed asset investments in western China reached as high as 28.2%, which surpassed the national level. The mining, construction and real estate industries were developing vigorously. Leveraging the Group s position in China, sales of heavy-duty machinery equipment recorded impressive performance on the back of Caterpillar s focus on the Chinese market and providing enhanced support for its business agents.
China is hosting the Olympic in 2008 and the motto of the Olympics games promotes constant progress, Even Higher, Even Quicker, Even Stronger . As a company honored for The Most Heart in China , we have always put our mission of Benefit to the Country, Benefit to the People, Benefit to the Company to work, practicing the Olympic spirit of tireless improvement in the safety and quality of our products.
Finally, once again we thank our employees for their efforts and hard work over the past year, and we are grateful to our fellow shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued trust and 
Hong Kong, 27th March, 2008 