Chairman’s Statement
In 2016, affected by uncertainties, the global economy managed only
overall average performance. As for our two core markets, China, with
her economy adjusting to the “new norm”, recorded a decrease in gross
domestic product growth from 6.9% in 2015 to 6.7% in 2016, and the
GDP growth of Vietnam was also down from 6.7% in 2015 to 6.2% in
2016, dampened by the weak performance of the agricultural, mining
and petroleum sectors during the year.
In 2016, China took the supply-side reform of her agri-food sector
to a greater depth, putting more emphasis on quality, efficiency and
competitiveness. Efforts were made on lifting quality and productivity,
reducing overcapacity, cutting excess inventory, lowering production
cost, strengthening weak areas, etc. The feed sector is in a new era
facing a more competitive market with consolidation hastening.
Against this backdrop, it is more and more important that agri-food
enterprises know how to use innovative technologies to help them
boost productivity, reduce costs and deliver differentiated services
that can help increase customer stickiness. In Vietnam, natural
disasters, including drought and salt water intrusion, have had
widespread impact on her agri-food industry. Wanting to adapt to
extreme weather changes and enhance the productivity of the entire
agri-food chain, recent hot topics of the industry are the needs to
improve product quality, adopt advanced technologies and scale-up
production. C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
values research and development, stresses on using innovative
technologies and continues to increase production efficiency. The
Group strives to provide high-quality products and value-added
services to customers.
While China and Vietnam focus more on environmental protection,
governments are introducing stricter environmental protection
and anti-pollution regulations to keep industry development in
check. In this current industry environment, green production and
sustainable development have become the trend to follow. Many
multinational enterprises have integrated environment protection
and sustainable development into their corporate culture, making
big strides on energy conservation and emission reduction and
striving to nip the problem in the bud – thereby aiming to ensure
high-standard and efficient product supply, product safety and
friendliness to the environment all at the same time. To align with
the livestock farming industry taking on a new and more rational
structure and heeding ecological requirements, agricultural enterprises
have continued to transform and upgrade their practices, pushing to
realise ecological livestock farming. As the Group has long abided by
stringent requirements on environmental protection, it will be able
to effectively grasp the opportunities arising as China and Vietnam
continue to push for modernisation and large-scale farming.
Aspiring to become “The Kitchen of the World”, the Group has been
dedicated to building an operation that covers the entire agri-food
value chain, allowing assurance of food safety right where it all begins.
Consumers’ increasingly sophisticated demand gives enterprises
an environment conducive to business development. Developing
countries are seeing their traditional industries advance towards midto
high-end production, and that accordingly commands the industry
to streamline and tighten its operating and management mechanisms.
The Group always embraces innovation and high operating standards,
and is dedicated to creating sustainable value. In addition, the
favourable external environment will see the Group’s “safe and
delicious” agri-food business achieve continuous growth. The Group
has years of industry experience and possesses advanced technologies,
together with effective integration of external and internal resources,
as well as development plans and customer needs, the Group aims to
fortify its competitiveness and maintain its market leadership.
Looking at 2017, the Group would adapt to the new environment,
leverage its advantages, embrace changes and persist with innovation
so as to maintain its premium standing in the agri-food industry.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all members in
our team for their efforts and contributions to the Group in the past
year. My gratitude also goes to our shareholders for their unwavering
trust and support over the years.
Dhanin Chearavanont
Chairman
Hong Kong, 24 February 2017