chairman s statement 
throughout the long history of our Company since its incorporation in 1866, we have encountered many periods of challenge, as well as satisfying achievements in developing one of the finest luxury hotel brands in the world. 2011 was a year of difficult challenges, with the continuing global economic uncertainty keeping our business operating margins under pressure. the challenges were further exacerbated by two natural disasters, the massive earthquake and tsunami which struck Japan in march 2011 and the major flooding in Bangkok towards the end of the year.
While the Peninsula tokyo did not suffer any physical damage from the earthquake, the disaster caused considerable disruption to the city of tokyo and its residents and resulted in a substantial drop in business for much of the remainder of the year. Of more importance from my perspective, our team at the hotel did an exceptional job of looking after and caring for the guests who were on property at the time of the earthquake, as well as providing shelter for over 2,000 members of the public who sought refuge in the hotel immediately after the disaster. since then, colleagues across our Group operations have responded with moral support, financial assistance and fundraising initiatives aimed at benefiting the victims of the disaster. Our fundraising campaign hope for Japan raised over hK$4 million for disaster victims and a number of other initiatives have been undertaken by the hotel team to offer assistance to the affected area.
the flooding disaster in Bangkok, whilst also leaving the hotel physically unscathed, caused suffering to our staff with many homes being damaged as well as a negative impact on our businesses. here, our efforts have focused on support and assistance for our staff, which included establishing the emergency Loan assistance Fund. i believe that the way in which we responded to both of these disasters reflect the strength and character of the Peninsula family.
throughout this period of economic uncertainty, we have continued to adhere strongly to the principles of our long term vision, which is to own and operate a small number of top quality hotels which are recognised as being amongst the world s finest. Despite the financial pressures, we have maintained our long term strategy of investing in both existing and new properties. Our expansion is thoughtful and measured and a significant amount of resources is devoted to seeking the next suitable Peninsula hotel development in accordance with our stringent requirements. Our priority is to conduct our businesses to the highest level of integrity, maintain our brand culture and reputation and secure the highest quality portfolio of assets for the long term.
2011 demonstrated once again the importance of diversification in our business portfolio. amongst our hotel operations, the business environment varied between our operations in different locations, with a strong market in hong Kong supporting our results in the light of weaknesses in others. the overall effect of the varied market conditions was that the operating results of the hotels Division were largely flat as compared to the previous year.
this was counter balanced, however, by the results of our Commercial Properties Division and the Clubs and services Division which both achieved improved earnings, with the repulse Bay and the Peak Complexes in hong Kong performing 
During the year, we commenced two major renovation programmes for our two most important assets in hong Kong. Physical works for the renovation of all the guestrooms at the Peninsula hong Kong over two phases commenced in January 2012, designed to take our guestroom product to a new level of design efficiency and technology.
the repulse Bay Complex is undergoing a three phased renovation programme, encompassing the public spaces of both residential complexes together with a complete reconfiguration of the de ricou serviced apartment tower. i am confident that these ambitious programmes will ensure that the aforementioned properties retain their leadership positions in hong Kong.
i am thrilled about our new hotel property, the Peninsula Paris, which is planned to open in 2013. this will be our first hotel in europe and its location in a magnificent, historic building on avenue Kleber in the exclusive 16th arrondissement, close to the Champs elyses and the arc de triomphe, will give it true landmark status.
Corporate sustainability has continued to underpin activities undertaken across all businesses. We are committed to integrating sustainable practices and principles into our operations in a balanced manner, while continuing to provide exceptional levels of service to our customers. We have also worked hard to play a greater role in the communities in which we operate. Our sustainability strategy reflects a philosophy and practice that covers a wide spectrum and sustainability themes, from corporate governance and ethics, through to the delivery of services and products in an environmentally and socially responsible manner.
Our successes are founded in the commitment of staff and i extend my gratitude to all for the dedication shown over the past year. the Group has been skilfully led by our Chief executive Officer, Clement Kwok, together with the members of the Group management Committee, and guided by our experienced Board of Directors.
as we look ahead to 2012 and beyond, the Group remains well positioned to take advantage of growth in our established markets. Our staff remains highly motivated and our management teams operate with a clear vision and an intimate knowledge of our industry. together, we will meet the challenges with viable solutions and resolve potential issues with long term strategies.
the hon. sir michael Kadoorie 30 march 2012 