chairman s statement 
Companies across the globe have entered a period of economic uncertainty following the financial crisis in the latter part of 2008. Our 142 years of history encompass a cycle of ups and downs during which we have maintained our motivation to seek further improvements in our products and services. Despite the current challenges, we shall continue to take a long term view and the fluctuations inherent in shorter term cycles will be kept in perspective.
There have been many positive events to record over the past 12 months.
The Beijing Olympics provided the world with a unique window on China and the spirit in which the Games were organised and staged will remain in the minds of millions of people for years to come. The Games also highlighted our property, The Peninsula Beijing, where the facilities were upgraded in time to welcome our guests.
Elsewhere, we continued to bring new ideas and enhancements to our hotel products and facilities. This year we saw the opening of the renovated Ayala Tower in The Peninsula Manila, a new spa and health club complex both in New York and Beijing and Salon de Ning lounges in New York and Hong 
The past 12 months have provided us with important milestones. We celebrated 120 years of operation by the Peak Tram, the 10th and 20th anniversaries respectively of The Peninsula Bangkok and The Peninsula New York and, most significantly, the 80th birthday of our flagship hotel property, The Peninsula Hong Kong.
We also witnessed events that posed real challenges and threats. The Sichuan earthquake in China was a sobering reminder of the unpredictable forces of nature, and the Group contributed to assist in relieving the plight of the people in that region. We were also impacted by the fall out from the political unrest in Thailand and the severe repercussions on that country s tourism industry. More recently, the terrorist attack in Mumbai has highlighted security issues which we continue to address.
Given these events, it is an appropriate time for us to step up our efforts towards longer term sustainability. With this objective in mind, we set up a Group Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Committee in late 2007 and we have included in this Annual Report a much more comprehensive review of our CSR activities.
We have also taken time to reflect on the contributions of our staff; the people who work so loyally to create our international profile that is synonymous with style, elegance and management excellence. Our family of staff continues to offer dedication and commitment at all levels to ensure that we remain at the forefront of our industry on an increasingly competitive global stage. Their work has been recognised with various accolades including the Company being named by the Asian Wall Street Journal as one of the most admired in Asia and one of the top five most admired companies in Hong Kong. We were also the recipient of the International Award in the 2008 DHLSCMP Hong Kong Business Awards.
Despite the current uncertainty, we look towards the long term with confidence. Late in 2009, we shall return to one of our roots - Shanghai, with the opening of The Peninsula Shanghai in a splendid location with a frontage directly on the famous Bund. This building will be the only new build in this iconic area where all of the existing structures are protected historical sites.
We continue to study the potential of new markets and have recently finalised the agreements to develop The Peninsula Paris, which will be our first property 
We shall also use this opportunity to renovate and upgrade our existing properties in 2009. The current programme for renovation includes guestrooms at various Peninsula hotels and a revitalisation of The Repulse Bay Arcade in Hong Kong.
This strategy reflects our philosophy of carefully analysing market challenges and identifying and maximising the opportunities they offer with long term vision, planning and justified confidence.
The Hon. Sir Michael Kadoorie 12 March 2009 