The restructuring which CPP underwent in 2008 has a profound significance for the Group s long- term future. Since the start of Asia s financial turmoil, we had already been strengthening our operational and financial risk management, and limiting detrimental exposure caused by external factors. Earlier last year, we resolutely agreed to shed the Group s agribusiness operations, which are considered to be operationally and financially riskier, and to concentrate resources in developing the relatively more steady and profitable feed additive and industrial businesses. Using the proceeds from the asset sales to consolidate CPP s financial position, reducing almost all of its long-term debts, the Group s total debt-to-equity ratio has been reduced from 8.4 times from the previous year to 0.4 times at the end of 2008. Under the current credit crunch, a healthy debt level is not only critically important, but also beneficial to the Group in seizing future business opportunities.
China s key economic fundamentals remain stable, recording a 9% increase in 2008 for the overall economy. Given that all our operations are rooted in China, the Group s industrial business also posted satisfactory results in this environment. The Group s automobile accessories business still managed to maintain considerable growth which exceeded 40% in total annual sales volume, demonstrating customers trust and support of our quality products. Sales of Dayang motorcycles also showed steady growth, driven by the Group s continuous roll out of new and upgraded models.
During the year, several new models were launched, all of which have met the National III standards in addition to being well received by the market. With agency offices spread across eight provinces and one municipality in western China, sales volume of ECI Metro Investment Co., Ltd.
from its Caterpillar machinery dealership rose almost 40%, benefiting from strong growth in fixed asset investments in China, in areas such as local infrastructural development as well as ongoing reconstruction projects in the aftermath of the Sichuan earthquake disaster.
As for our chlortetracycline ( CTC ) business, the Group has been strengthening its domestic sales, leading to mild growth in its domestic sales volume last year. However, export sales slid due to a slack demand for CTC in a few individual export markets, causing performance to falter; as a result, total sales volume of the Group s CTC fell.
To ensure China in 2009 has a continuing stable and fairly rapid economic growth, the Chinese government has been promoting many stimulus measures to shore up domestic demand, as well as carrying out favorable policies to prop up industries hurt by the global financial crisis. One in particular is the 4,000 billion yuan stimulus economic plan announced last year by the Chinese government to help speed up projects like infrastructure and post-disaster restoration. In early 2009, the government also announced motorcycle products would be covered under the policy Appliance Subsidy Scheme , subsidizing farmers to buy motorcycles. Moreover, in order to boost auto development and consumption, the State Council has reduced purchase tax for small-sized cars.
Altogether these policies are expected to benefit the Group s industrial business. In addition, as more and more breeders place increasing emphasis on animal disease prevention and control, growth of the Group s CTC business is going to benefit in the long run.
To sum up, we expect the business environment in 2009 to be difficult and stern, and in an environment like this, CPP will continue to maneuver in the most prudent course, maintaining healthy cash flow through inventory productivity enhancements as well as cost control improvements.
Together with our business partners, we are continuing to make progress on existing cooperative projects and increasing collaboration in order to better performance. At the same time, CPP continues to keep abreast of the government s domestic policies, leveraging them proactively and opportunely.
Finally, I would like to thank all of our employees for their contributions and our fellow shareholders, business partners, and customers for their continuing trust and support.

Hong Kong, 27th March, 2009 