Chairman ’ S S TaTemenT
Dear Shareholders,
Whilst we can claim to be the oldest hotel company in Asia, we do
not rest on the laurels of history. Our business growth and expansion
into key destinations has continued to move ahead over the past ?2
months with both new hotel developments and improvements to
existing facilities. At the same time, our philosophy of providing
luxury facilities and accommodation, coupled with personalised
services attuned to the demands of the 2?st century clientele,
remains paramount.
The highlight of the year 2007 was undoubtedly the
opening of The Peninsula Tokyo. This proud new
addition to the Peninsula brand overlooks the Imperial
Palace and Hibiya Park, and combines traditional
Japanese craftsmanship with contemporary design,
unique works of art and leading edge technology. It is
already proving to be a strong attraction to Japan-
based visitors as well as our international guests.
At the same time, the construction of The Peninsula
Shanghai with its frontage onto the historic Bund is
progressing on schedule and I am confident that
towards the end of 2009 we will be ready to open this
hotel and hotel apartment complex to guests. By then,
we will have a Peninsula presence in nine gateway cities
in China, Japan, Thailand, the Philippines and the
United States.
The improvement of our existing assets continues to
be a key element in our business strategy. The first
phase of our renovation programme at The Peninsula
Manila has been well received and room rates and
revenue at the Makati Tower continued to grow.
The construction of a new spa at The Peninsula Beijing
will be completed in May 2008, in time for the influx
of visitors we expect the 2008 Olympics to bring to
the capital. We will also move forward with plans that
involve upgrades and improvements to our hotels in
Hong Kong, New York and Beverly Hills.
In Hong Kong, we have received Government
planning approval for a revitalisation project to be
undertaken at the Repulse Bay Complex. This refit
will cover restaurants and retail facilities within
the Complex.
To celebrate 120 years of operation by the Peak Tram
in Hong Kong in 2008, we have opened The Peak
Tram Historical Gallery. Situated at the foot of the
tram line, the Gallery pays tribute to both the
Tramway and to Hong Kong’s own colourful heritage.
The year 2007 has also been a year of industry-wide
recognition for our hotels and their management
teams and staff. The Peninsula Chicago was ranked the
top city hotel in the United States by the highly
regarded Andrew Harper’s Hideaway Report. All the
other Peninsula Hotels also received prestigious awards
during the year.
Whilst we are proud of our achievements in 2007, we
know we must be prepared for future challenges. That
is the nature of our industry and that is why we place
great importance on the loyalty and experience of all
our staff.
The Beijing Olympics, for example, has attracted many
new entrants in the city’s luxury hotel sector, which
will increase competition in that market. Our response
is to look to develop a programme of constant facility
improvement and, from a human resource perspective,
retain and re-train top staff to ensure we stay ahead
of our competitors by offering the finest elements of
hotel services. It is also likely that challenges will arise
from the general economic and financial markets’
uncertainty that we are seeing as we enter into 2008.
For the Group, 2008 will be a special year of
anniversaries and celebrations. The Peninsula Hong
Kong will turn 80; The Peninsula Bangkok will
commemorate its 10th anniversary; The Peninsula
New York will mark its 20th year under the Peninsula
flag; and Hong Kong’s Peak Tramways will celebrate
120 years of history.
Our results and achievements continue to reflect the
dedication and commitment of our teams, across all
countries, cities and sectors of our business. On behalf
of the Board, I thank our staff for sharing our vision,
understanding our philosophy, representing our
culture and unfailingly delivering a world class service
to our clientele.
