China s economy continued to expand relatively briskly in 2011.
According to the Ministry of Agriculture, the country s feed industry continued to expand, with total production of commercial feed increasing 4.3% year-on-year to 169 million tons. Although consumer price inflation led to notable increases in raw material and overall production costs, the operating environment of the farming industry and thus the feed industry improved, driven by the further commercialization of farming, advancements in the feed industry and a more regulated market environment. During the year under review, the management and staff of C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. ( CPP or the Company ) continued to devote efforts to achieving long- term, sustainable development of the Company. CPP s management leveraged the Company s competitive strengths and implemented various strategies to exploit windows of opportunity. It gives me great pleasure to announce that with the strong performance of its core agri-food business, CPP achieved profit attributable to shareholders of the Company of US$173.2 million, an increase of 30.4% year-on-year; turnover increased by 85.7% to US$3,623.2 million.
In its China operations, CPP continued to carry out its targeted strategy of developing key products and markets as well as expanding sales of its higher margin products such as piglet feed. We also continued to strengthen our R&D capabilities and product portfolio, pioneering the development and promotion of advanced, high-value nutritional system feed products such as Piglet Three Treasures to meet the demand of large-scale, commercial farming.
To further strengthen our competitiveness in the market, we actively expanded our sales and technical service teams to implement our value-based marketing strategy. At the same time, we continued to optimize our distribution network. Moreover, CPP collaborated with local authorities and veterinary departments to promote the development of standardized and modern farming techniques. These initiatives, which are guided by CPP s core values of benefiting the nation, its people and the Company, further solidified our reputation as the industry leader.
In the area of sales and marketing, we continued to pay attention to product pricing actively monitoring raw material costs and dynamically setting prices for our products in different areas in order to achieve superior margins. We also took advantage of our parent company s global procurement information system and our extensive nationwide purchasing network to secure better information flow and to improve the structure of our raw material supply chain.
In order to broaden our supply channels, we continue to enhance the procurement and management of bulk raw materials such as corn, soybean meal and fishmeal. At the same time, we also actively explored the viability of other quality raw materials as substitutes in order to lower our raw material costs and to support our feed business.
The importance we place on our corporate reputation and brand integrity is a vital component to our long-term success. As such, we strictly enforced our quality control standards, which have long been at the forefront of the industry, and installed additional quality monitoring equipment that meets top international standards.
Considering the prevalence of food safety problems in China, these measures have further helped make our products and brand stand out by virtue of their trusted quality, thereby helping us to strengthen consumer confidence in our products and brand loyalty.
The State Council last year promulgated the Regulations on the Administration of Feed and Feed Additives , aimed at tightening food safety supervision in the industry while encouraging large-scale, commercial farming. These initiatives will result in better regulation of the industry and accelerate consolidation by weeding out weaker players. Such an environment is highly advantageous to the Company, and can further enhance its brand influence and market share.
According to the 12th Five-Year Development Plan of the China Feed Industry , the nation s feed production is expected to reach 200 million tons in 2015, representing significant growth potential for our 
Outside of China, CPP expanded its operations to Vietnam with the acquisition of a 70.82% stake in C.P. Vietnam Livestock Corporation (later renamed as C.P. Vietnam Corporation, or CP Vietnam ), an integrated agri-food company and the leader in commercial feed milling and commercial livestock farming in Vietnam. Already recognized as an advanced agricultural enterprise locally, our Vietnam business is trusted by farmers and consumers and recognized for its efficient production and quality products. Late last year, CP Vietnam was named 2011 Best Feed Miller at the 3rd Vietnam Feed and Livestock Industry Conference.
Looking ahead, the governments of China and Vietnam will continue their drive to modernize their agri-food industries by accelerating the pace of reforms and upgrades in the farming and feed industries and tightening regulations to deal with food safety and animal disease issues more effectively. These developments are favorable to our operations as they will not only enable us to continue to exploit opportunities as they arise, but also play to our strengths in product quality and integrated farming know-how, thus boosting our competitiveness and market-leadership standing. To reinforce and enhance the efficacy of our products, we will continue to invest in product development and quality control. We will also push ahead with the implementation of our business strategy, ensure effective management of our sales network as well as optimize our customer 
In the area of procurement, we want to reinforce our purchasing base in production regions and to proactively broaden our raw material supply with an aim to develop more effective control of our raw material supply chain and to better understand the underlying dynamics of raw material markets. With regard to our staff development efforts, we will continue to increase resources to implement various people-oriented talent development programs, including working closer together with major agricultural universities and rolling out comprehensive and systematic training programs. Such measures will further enhance our business development endeavors and competitiveness, ensuring the sustained and healthy development of our business.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our staff for their hard work over the past year, and express my gratitude to our shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued trust 
Hong Kong, 27 March 2012 