Chairman s Statement Twenty-fourteen was a year with both challenges and opportunities for the agri-food industry. The global economy underwent an uneven recovery. The United States continued to improve; Europe remained sluggish and growth in emerging markets tended to be slow. The Chinese economy entered into a new phase of growth the new norm with GDP growth moving towards a more moderate rate. The Vietnamese economy meanwhile continued to recover.
The agri-food industry in China and Vietnam are undergoing a period of reform. Production and business models are transforming while commercialization of the agri-food industry is accelerating.
Alongside urbanization and increase in disposable income, demand for safe and quality products is on the rise. The next decade is going to be a golden era for the agri-food industry in China and Vietnam.
Commercialization of the industry will lead to market consolidation, which in turn would provide unprecedented opportunities to players who possess advance technologies and industry know how. With its years of solid experience in the agri-food industry, C.P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Group ) will be able to further strengthen its leading market position.
The Group posted solid performance in 2014. Profit attributable to shareholders rose by 35% to US$251 million. In pursuing its integrated agri-food strategy, the Group is leveraging its competitive advantages to move downstream into the food business in China.
Guided by our Three Benefits Principle benefitting the country, its people and the company the Group will continue to adopt advanced technologies, modern management techniques and stringent quality standards to produce safe, premium-quality and delicious food products for our customers.
In 2014, Itochu Corporation became a strategic shareholder of the Group. Both companies are leading organizations in their respective fields. The alliance, leveraging our respective strengths, would bring about synergies and foster closer collaborations.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to develop our agri-food downstream businesses in both China and Vietnam and to fulfil our mission to become The Kitchen of the World .
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to our team for their efforts and contributions to the Group over the past year. I would also like to extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust and support.

Hong Kong, 26 February 2015 