Chairman s Statement The year in review 2013 was a challenging year for the agri- food industry. Although global economy showed signs of slow recovery, impacts of financial crisis continued to linger and countries continued to face various challenges. Recovery momentum in developed economies remained weak while emerging markets, in general, experienced slowdown in economic growth. This economic complexity increased pressure on the operating environment of the agri-food industry, but brought along various opportunities as well.
With increasing disposable income and higher living standards, demand for higher quality and safer food products in emerging markets will continue to rise. Quality players possessing technological skills and business knowhow will be rewarded with unprecedented 
Backyard farming is still the prevalent mode of agricultural production in China and Vietnam, representing enormous potential with regards to the commercialization of farming. Agricultural sectors in both China and Vietnam are in the process of transformation, and continuous commercialization will increase the penetration rate of commercial feed. C. P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the Group ) continue to adhere to our Group s Three Benefits Principle benefitting the country, its people and our company contributing to the well-being of the community and, at the same time, flourishing together with the agri-food industries in China and Vietnam.
In recent years, food safety has become one of the top social concerns.
As people become more affluent, demand for higher quality and safer food products continues to increase. In fact, food safety and the development of the agri-food industry in our operating markets go hand-in-hand. Commercialization of farming and integration of the agri-food value chain are effective ways to help improve food safety in emerging markets. Having entered into China and Vietnam for decades and with the full support of our corporate parent, the Group has solid capabilities and knowhow to grow our business to new heights. The Group will continue to leverage the strengths of our upstream businesses to further develop our downstream food business, providing safe, nutritious and tasty food products to our customers.
Against the backdrop of a weaker macroeconomic and industry- wide environment, the Group s profit attributable to shareholders decreased 8.8% to US$186 million in 2013. Nevertheless, the Group s fundamentals remained solid. Looking forward, the Group will continue to place strong emphasis on technological innovation. The Group will continue to leverage its competitive advantages to fulfil our vision of becoming the Kitchen of the World.
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere thanks to our team for their efforts and contributions to the Group over the past year, and to extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their continued trust and support.

Hong Kong, 24 February 2014 