China s economy continued to grow at a relatively robust rate in 2010, eclipsing Japan s to become the world s second largest economy. Benefitting from the improving macroeconomic environment during the year, the management team devoted increasing efforts to implement a strategy, effective in creating more value. Moreover, all our staff worked together to deliver long-term sustainable growth for C. P. Pokphand Co. Ltd. ( CPP or the Company ), despite frequent outbreaks of animal epidemics and pressures from significantly higher raw material prices and surging labor costs. This has enabled us to produce a satisfactory set of results for both our core feed business and non-core Chlortetracycline ( CTC ) and industrial operations. In this regard, I am pleased to report that CPP delivered a year-on-year growth of 14.5 times to US$132.8 million in profit attributable to owners of the Company. Turnover for the year grew significantly to US$1,950.8 million as a result of strong feed-business contribution for a period of ten months.
During the year, we successfully integrated into our operation a feed business which we purchased from our parent company following a restructuring of the subsidiary business. To bolster the management of our feed operation, we established a unit tasked with monitoring the business, a committee on feed prices and a staff training centre. Centralized procurement was enhanced to minimize our exposure to market risk and to ensure the supply of quality raw materials. Sales profitability targets were also set as a reference for product price adjustments to reflect changes in the costs of raw materials. Successful regional strategies that produced outstanding results were also promoted internally on a timely basis.
In addition, increased efforts were made to implement our Sell Service, Sell Value strategy, which differentiates our products more through a greater emphasis on our services and product quality.

Leveraging the global dominance of our parent company in the feed industry, we accelerated the development of our feed business and further reinforced our industry-leading position. In October 2010, we entered into an agreement to lease from our parent company four additional feed mills, raising their number to 78 and expanding our coverage from 26 provinces to 28. The newly acquired feed mills are expected to further boost our feed production capacity and sales volume and help us meet China s growing demand for feeds.
Maintaining the high standing of our corporate brand and image has always been of great importance to us. In 2010, our business integrity was once again strongly endorsed publicly in China. Among the accolades received were the China Feed Industry Association s Leading Corporate Social Responsibility Enterprise in the National Feed Industry and Leading Participating Enterprise of Socialist New Farm Construction in the National Feed Industry .
This year marks the beginning of China s 12th Five-Year Plan. The Central Government continues to implement policies that drive the development of agriculture and allocate more financial resources to improve the domestic standard of living, thereby ensuring a bright future for China s animal husbandry and feed industries. According to the China Feed Industry Association, the country s animal feed production is expected to grow at a rate of ten million tons each year over the next decade, ensuring a favorable operating environment for the Company s feed business.
Looking ahead, the Chinese government s decision to strengthen its support for the development of a scientific agricultural industry will undoubtedly benefit the Company. We are leveraging to full potential our strengths in helping farmers to adopt scientific farming practices and scalable operations, which will in turn reinforce our leadership in the market. To this end, we will increase our investment in research and development to meet market demands. Extensive research is also being taken to identify new, high-quality raw materials. Meanwhile, we will continue to monitor the growing conditions of bulk raw material crops in order to gain a more accurate picture of raw-material-supply trends and further enhance our centralized-procurement edge. The Company will also continue to provide disease control, breeding farm construction, feed management and other feed sales services, while improving our service capability in animal health protection. We will focus expertise to better promote our more profitable products, such as pig feed, layer starter feed, layer concentrates and aqua feed. Moreover, we will conduct comprehensive and in-depth analyses of acquisition opportunities to expand our feed business. Internally, we will continue to implement extensive professional training programs to ensure an abundant supply of talented staff for the development of the Company. As for the CTC business, the Company will further strengthen the promotion of Hydrochloride CTC ( HCL CTC ) in China to meet market demand.
The management of CPP will continue to pay attention to major changes in China s economy while diligently pursuing overseas investment opportunities so as to create long-term returns for our shareholders. As an example, CPP and its parent company entered into an option agreement in January 2011, granting the Company an option to acquire from the parent company a majority stake in an integrated livestock and aquaculture company in Vietnam.
Lastly, I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to our staff for their hard work in the past year, as well as to our shareholders, business partners and customers for their continued trust and support.

Hong Kong, 25 March 2011 