CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$1,358 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2014. the Group s total revenue for the year including the sales proceeds of investment properties held for sale (i.e. Broadwood twelve), treasury income and its share of the revenues of JVs engaged in toll roads and power plant operations amounted to HK$5,992 million, 3% less than the previous year s figure. Revenue of its prime-earning businesses increased, principally due to the continued growth of investment property business, the robust growth of toll revenue of Phase II west and the uptake of toll revenue in Phase III west under its first full-year operation, which were offset by the fewer sales recognition of residential units at Broadwood twelve. the Group s earnings before interest and tax (EBIt), before land conversion gain of Hopewell Centre II, rose slightly by 1% year-on-year to HK$1,920 million. this is mainly due to the earnings growth of investment property business, Hopewell New town and Phase II west, which was partly offset by Phase III west s net loss mainly caused by its higher interest expenses in its first full-year operation and a decrease in the EBIt of Panda Hotel. Due to last year s HK$2,249 million one-off land conversion gain of Hopewell Centre II and this year s lower fair value gain of completed investment properties of HK$125 million as compared to last year s figure of HK$8,725 million, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$1.56, a 89% decrease on the previous year s HK$13.97.
Final Cash Dividend and Special Final Dividend the Board has proposed a final cash dividend of HK60 cents per share ( Final Cash Dividend ) for the year ended 30 June 2014. together with an interim cash dividend of HK50 cents per share that has already been paid, the total cash dividends for the year will amount to HK110 cents per share. this represents an increase of 10% on the last financial year s total cash dividends of HK100 cents per share, and represents a payout ratio of 78% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding the fair value gain on completed investment properties.
to broaden HHI s shareholder base and enhance the market liquidity of its shares, the Board has also proposed a special final dividend to be effected by way of a distribution in specie of shares in HHI.
Eligible shareholders will receive one ordinary share in HHI ( HHI Share(s) ) for every multiple of 20 ordinary shares in the Company ( Special Final Dividend ) held by them as at the close of business on Monday, 27 October 2014 ( the Record Date ).
the Group currently owns an aggregate of 2,098,850,098 HHI Shares, representing approximately 68.1% of the issued share capital of HHI. As at 25 August 2014 (being the latest practicable date), there were 871,255,221 ordinary shares in the Company in issue. On the assumption that there is no change in the issued share capital of the Company up to the Record Date, a maximum of 43,562,761 HHI Shares will be distributed and, based on the closing price per HHI Share of HK$4.06 on 25 August 2014 as traded on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, the maximum aggregate market value of the HHI Shares to be distributed ( the Distribution Shares ) is approximately HK$177 million, which represents a distribution of approximately HK20 cents per share of the Company; and the Group s holding of HHI Shares immediately after completion of the distribution will be reduced to a maximum extent, to 2,055,287,337 HHI Shares, representing approximately 66.7% of the issued share capital of HHI (assuming that the issued share capital of HHI remains the same up to the date of completion of the distribution).
the final aggregate market value of the Distribution Shares will be calculated based on the fair value of the Distribution Shares at the dividend settlement date and the issued shares of the Company at the Record Date. therefore, the final aggregate market value of the Distribution Shares may be different from the above figure.
total dividends for this year therefore comprise the interim cash dividend, the Final Cash Dividend and non-cash Special Final Dividend by way of a distribution in specie of HHI Shares, which altogether represents a payout ratio of 92% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding the fair value gain on completed investment properties.
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2014 Annual General Meeting to be held on tuesday, 21 October 2014, the proposed Final Cash Dividend will be paid on Friday, 31 October 2014 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on the Record Date.
A circular containing, among others, further details of the Special Final Dividend, including the arrangements regarding fractional entitlements and overseas shareholders entitlement and the timetable for the distribution of HHI Shares to the qualifying shareholders will be dispatched in due 
Closure of Register of Members to ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2014 Annual General Meeting to be held on tuesday, 21 October 2014, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from wednesday, 15 October 2014 to tuesday, 21 October 2014, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2014 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on tuesday, 14 October 2014.
to ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed Final Cash Dividend andor Special Final Dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Monday, 27 October 2014, if and only if the proposed Final Cash Dividend andor Special Final Dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2014 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. to qualify for the proposed Final Cash Dividend andor Special Final Dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 24 October 2014.

the low interest rate environment in developed countries continued to support the recovery of the world economy. During the year under review, the pace of the recovery has accelerated. As shown in their lower sovereign bond yields, the national debt crisis in the Eurozone seemed to be diminishing.
though the unemployment situation in many European countries remains bleak, their economies are now stabilised and showing signs of improvement. the US economy showed even faster advancement, as evidenced by the growing strength in its labor market and gradual rise in housing prices. the Federal Reserve s quicker steps to taper off its quantitative easing measures indicate the US economy is making good progress towards economic recovery.
the PRC s economy continued to be the main contributor to the world s GDP growth. while the Central Government persisted in its policies to stimulate domestic consumption, alleviate inflation, tighten market liquidity and bring property prices under control, the PRC s economy still experienced healthy expansion. Its GDP in the second quarter of 2014 grew by 7.5% year-on-year, a similar figure 
Under an improving macro-economic environment and a stable PRC economy, Hong Kong s economy remained steady. with its strong fundamental advantages, Hong Kong s GDP continued to grow, unemployment rate stayed low, domestic consumption stood strong, and tourist visitations 
Investment properties and Hospitality the favorable economic environment provided a solid foundation for the growth of the Group s investment property and hospitality business. total revenue from the two business segments grew annually by 7% to HK$1,344 million, making the five-year compound annual growth rate of the two segments revenue reaching 10%. During the year under review, total revenue and EBIt from investment properties increased by 12% and 9% respectively. the key growth contributor was the Group s office rental business which continued its strong performance driven by Hong Kong s stable demand for office space, continued trend of decentralisation, redevelopment and revitalization of the wan Chai and Kowloon East areas, and its proactive asset enhancement and management efforts. In the past year, the Group s office space maintained high occupancy rate and its spot and average rental rates both rose healthily.
200 Queen s Road east project and Hopewell Centre II Pre-sales of the residential portion of 200 Queen s Road East Project, the Avenue, was launched in November 2013 and attracted strong market response. As of 14 August 2014, 1,185 units or 93% of the total number of units had been sold, generating a total sales proceeds of approximately HK$12.2 billion at the project level. the project s retail portion, Avenue walk, is targeted for grand opening in the second half of 2015. It will further enlarge the Group s rental property portfolio, and will create a new high-end retail neighborhood which comprises shops and restaurants exhibiting the East-meets- west culture of Hong Kong, further realising the project s synergy with the Group s other properties in the area.
Site formation work of Hopewell Centre II is in progress and construction of the hotel is planned to be completed in 2018. In response to the wan Chai community s call for better connectivity and environmental protection, and the increasing demand for meeting, conference and convention facilities in Hong Kong, the Group has recently submitted an application to refine and enhance the development scheme approved in 2009 to the town Planning Board. Under the current planning, this will have no impact on the construction progress.
As wanchai undergo redevelopment, significant changes are expected in the future. the Group is now exploring the development opportunities of the Group s various plots of land so as to enhance the synergy with the Group s existing properties and development in wan Chai. Recently, the Group purchased a new plot of land on Schooner Street in a government land sale, which is in proximity to the Group s wan Chai property portfolio including the various plots in Hill Side terrace and Nam Koo terrace ( Hill Side terrace Cluster ) and Miu Kang terrace, which are wholly owned by the 
the Group believes the assembly of such amalgamation properties into sites has the potential to generate attractive investment returns, and the Group will continue to seek strategic acquisitions actively in the district in order to create synergy between its existing and future development in the 
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily traffic volume on the GS Superhighway, Phase I west, Phase II west and Phase III west increased by 11% to 613,000 vehicles, while their aggregate average daily toll revenue increased by 6% to RMB11.2 million. the growth in toll revenue was mainly due to the robust growth of Phase II west and the uptake in Phase III west after its opening on 25 January 2013. the combined toll revenue of HHI Group s four projects amounted to 
the Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. the Group has established an independently-reviewed stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and workplace practices.
to demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will continue to issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Framework this year. the report will present its company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the Group and its JVs.

the overall world economy seems to be on the path to gradual recovery. with its sovereign debt crisis diminishing, the Eurozone is finally forecasted to have moderate GDP growth this year, despite the political tension in Ukraine. the US economy is expected to continue its advancement. while the tapering pace of its quantitative easing measures and the timing of its interest rate hike remain unclear, which continue to be unstabilising factors affecting the US economy and global financial markets, the improvement in the economic outlook of the US has been encouraging. Should it sustain, the US economic recovery will likely become a key growth driver to the global economy.
In the PRC, the Central Government would continue its effort in shifting the economy from a credit- driven, investment- and export-led one into a more technology- and consumption-directed system.
therefore, it is expected that liquidity in the PRC to stay tight, measures to curb speculative housing demand to remain in force, and its GDP growth to maintain at a relatively lower level of 7-8%, which would still make it a great contributor to the world s economic growth. with the improving economic outlook of the US and Eurozone and the stable economic growth of the PRC, Hong Kong s economy is expected to remain steady. Export would likely rise caused by the higher demand from developed economies, unemployment rate should stay low, and the service sector and domestic consumption will continue their expansion.
with the favorable economic backdrop, the demand for office space in Hong Kong is expected to be stable, and the overall trend of decentralisation in the office market should continue.
Improving economic condition in developed countries and the steady economic environment of the PRC will drive tourist visitation to Hong Kong. tourist arrivals should maintain its growth, mainly contributed by the healthy increase in business and leisure travel from the PRC. this trend will continue to favor Hong Kong s hospitality industry. while some high-net-worth PRC tourists may reduce their expenditure, overall tourist spending and local consumption in Hong Kong are expected to remain stable. the resulting extended high level of retail sales will continue to benefit Hong Kong s retail property market.
In the past year, the Hong Kong government implemented several measures to curb speculation activities in the residential sales market. Overall transaction volume of residential units first contracted due to regulations, but has regained some momentum in recent months. the tight supply of new residential properties is expected to keep transaction prices especially those in the primary market 
the Group will continue to capitalise on the favorable conditions of the different segments in Hong Kong s property market through proactive enhancement and management of its existing property portfolio. All the efforts such as the adoption of co-termination strategy to attract high-quality sizeable office tenants, continuous enhancement of property facilities, revamp of Hopewell Centre s podium faade, renovation of certain guestrooms in Panda Hotel targeting high-spending travelers, implementation of marketing plan to strengthen Panda Hotel s MICE business, and repositioning of E-Max as an entertainment hub will expand its competitive advantages, strengthen its image as a landlord of premium properties in Hong Kong, and eventually bring sustainable growth to the Group s business and shareholders value.
the Group s new major projects in the pipeline, Hopewell Centre II and the 200 Queen s Road East Project, will both generate tremendous synergies with the Group s existing properties in wan Chai.
the combination of the two projects together with Hopewell Centre, wu Chung House retail outlets, GardenEast and QRE Plaza will form an attractive lifestyle hub drawing in attention, visitation, business, residence and spending.
Pre-sale of the Avenue has been encouraging, soon bringing in a large group of high-income households to the area. Avenue walk combining with Hopewell Centre II and the Group s existing retail space will form one of wan Chai s largest retail clusters.
As one of Hong Kong s largest hotels once completed, Hopewell Centre II is set to take advantage from Hong Kong s limited supply of large-scale premium hotels in prime locations. with its comprehensive conference facilities, it is also well-positioned to capitalise on the opportunities created from the lack of conference venues in the city.
In addition to the two key projects, the Group is formulating development plans for the site consisting of the properties at 155-167 Queen s Road East. the recent purchase of new plot of land on Schooner Street also marked the Group s active participation in acquiring land which synergises with its existing property portfolio and involvement in the redevelopment of wan Chai. As part of its long-term growth strategy, the Group will continue to look for opportunities to increase its land reserves in locations synergising with its existing properties.
On the transportation front, the western Delta Route is now the main artery of a regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous cities on the western bank of the Pearl River Delta (PRD), including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai, and reduces the travelling time between them. It will also offer convenient access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, Macau and Hong Kong via its connection with the HZM Bridge, which media reports say is scheduled to open by the end of 2016. the urbanisation of cities in the western PRD region will accelerate, creating economic growth that will benefit the Group.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support, and hard work. their contributions have been indispensable for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung Wu GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 26 August 2014 