CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved a record profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$12,206 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2013. This was mainly due to a substantial increase of HK$8,725 million in the fair value on revaluation of completed investment properties for the year as compared to last year s figure of HK$2,264 million. With a land conversion gain on the commercial portion of Hopewell Centre II of HK$2,249 million, the Group s earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) were boosted to HK$4,150 million from HK$2,136 million last year, an increase of 94%. The Group s revenue for the year including sales proceeds of investment properties held for sale (i.e. Broadwood Twelve), treasury income and the Group s attributable share of the revenues of JCEs engaged in toll roads and power plant operations amounted to HK$6,148 million, which was about 6% less than the previous year s figure. Both the revenue and EBIT of the investment property operation grew satisfactorily, while those of the toll road operation fell, due to a tariff cut in Guangdong that took effect in June 2012, and those of the property development operation also shrank, due to fewer sales of residential units being recognised during the year.
Consequently, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$13.97, a 237% increase on the previous year s HK$4.15.

The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK55 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2013.
Together with an interim dividend of HK45 cents per share that has already been paid, the total dividends for the year will amount to HK100 cents per share. This represents a decrease of 28% on the last financial year s total dividends of HK139 cents per share, which included a special final dividend of HK40 cents per share. However, if excluding the special final dividend of the last financial year from the calculation, the Company s total dividends for the year under review will be 1% higher than that of the previous year. It also represents a payout ratio of 71% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding the land conversion gain and fair value gain on completed investment properties.
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2013 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 21 October 2013, the proposed final dividend will be paid on Thursday, 31 October 2013 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on Friday, 25 October 2013.
Closure of Register To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Friday, 25 October 2013, if and only if the proposed final dividend is approved by the shareholders at the 2013 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 24 October 2013.
To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2013 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 21 October 2013, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 15 October 2013 to Monday, 21 October 2013, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2013 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 11 October 2013.

The low interest rate environment continued to support the global economic recovery and stabilise financial markets during the year under review. However, progress in restoring the global economy to sustainable growth remained slow. While the United States Federal Reserve announced a third round of quantitative easing measures in September 2012, it has recently started planning an exit strategy and it has signalled that it will discontinue such measures once the labour market has improved sufficiently. Nonetheless, a slow but steady improvement in the US labour and housing markets indicated an upturn in economic activity. In the Eurozone, the adverse economic effects of the financial crisis started to have a political impact on the ruling governments of certain countries. The crisis has become increasingly a social one, with record high unemployment rates in most affected 
The PRC s economy continued to be the main contributor to global GDP growth. Its own GDP grew by 7.6% year-on-year up to the second quarter of 2013, a similar figure to 2012. The Central Government persisted in its policies to stimulate domestic consumption, alleviate inflation, tighten market liquidity and bring property prices under control. The PRC s Central Bank adjusted its monetary policy slightly to support the country s economic growth during the year.
Hong Kong s economic fundamentals benefited from closer regional economic integration. They remained sound and Hong Kong continued to achieve real GDP growth. The unemployment rate stayed at a low level. Growth in the services sector supported demand for commercial property. Retail spending by local residents and mainland visitors continued to grow, which was beneficial to the retail property market. Business and leisure travel remained buoyant, and Hong Kong s hospitality industry again performed satisfactorily.
Investment properties and Hospitality The Group s investment properties and hotel continued to perform well, helped by its successful asset enhancement programmes, as well as the positive rental reversion or synergy of its property assets.
Besides the high occupancy rates of the offices in the Group s flagship properties, their spot rental rates and average passing rental rates (i.e. the average rental rates of existing contracted tenancies) rose satisfactorily. The five-year compound annual growth rate of the Group s investment property revenue between FY09 and FY13 was 10%. Total revenue from investment properties and hospitality businesses grew by about 8% year-on-year to HK$1,260 million. This included a leap in rental revenue from investment properties of 13% year-on-year. The EBIT of these businesses amounted to HK$654 million during the financial year.
Hopewell Centre II In July 2012, the Group was pleased to accept the Hong Kong Government s land premium offer of around HK$3,726 million for the exchange of land in respect of Hopewell Centre II ( Land Exchange ), and it took possession of the site of Hopewell Centre II in October 2012. This will be a 55-storey mixed-use development connected with Hopewell Centre. It will incorporate one of Hong Kong s largest hotels, in terms of its number of rooms, as well as comprehensive conference facilities.
The fair value of the site of Hopewell Centre II is about HK$9.0 billion, as of 30 June 2013. After deducting the premium of about HK$3.7 billion, the value of the portion of the land already owned by the Group was HK$5.3 billion, compared to its book value stated at historical cost of around HK$500 million, as of 24 October 2012. The Land Exchange has therefore unlocked HK$4.8 billion of land value.
The Group is committed to the development of Wan Chai district, including the Ship Street and Kennedy Road area. The completion of the Land Exchange marked a significant milestone in its property projects and development activities there. The Group believes the successful Land Exchange represents a major step forward for its hospitality and convention and exhibition businesses.
proposed Spin-off of Hopewell HK properties With a view to raising long-term capital, mainly to finance the Hopewell Centre II project, the Group submitted a proposal to spin-off its properties in Hong Kong and related businesses to the Stock Exchange in January 2013. In February 2013, the Stock Exchange granted its approval for the Company to proceed with the proposed spin-off and a separate listing of Hopewell HK Properties on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange ( Proposed Spin-off ). A resolution to approve and implement the Proposed Spin-off was duly passed, among others, at the extraordinary general meeting held on 23 May 2013.
However, due to a significant deterioration in market sentiment and volatile market conditions, the Company announced on 13 June 2013 that it would not be advisable for the Company and Hopewell HK Properties to proceed with a global offering, including preferential offerings. The Proposed Spin- off therefore did not proceed as originally scheduled.

During the year under review, the aggregate average daily traffic volume on the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route increased by about 12% to 561,000 vehicles year-on-year, while their aggregate average daily toll revenue decreased by about 6% to RMB10.7 million. The overall toll revenue of the two expressways decreased from RMB4,163 million to RMB3,844 million during the year, mainly due to the fall in the toll revenue of the GS Superhighway. However, the impact of the Tariff Proposal on the GS Superhighway stabilised within two months since its implementation. After an initial drop, the average daily toll revenue picked up from RMB8.3 million in June 2012 to around RMB9 million in June 2013, despite the subsequent implementation of Holiday Toll-free Policy. In June 2013, a year after the Tariff Proposal and Holiday Toll-free Policy s implementation, both the average daily toll revenue and average daily traffic volume of the GS Superhighway started to grow again by 8% year-on-year. On the other hand, not only Holiday Toll-free Policy had slight impact on Phase I West and Phase II West, the Tariff Proposal s impact was insignificant as both of them have been implementing the new tariff since they opened.

The Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. The Group has established an independently-reviewed stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and workplace practices.
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will this year continue to issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Framework. The report will present its company- wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the Group and its JCEs.

The economic outlook of mature economies, particularly those in the Eurozone, remains bleak. While the US economy shows some positive signs of revival, the long-term deficit issue has yet to be resolved. The US Federal Reserve may choose to raise interest rates slowly or control credit growth, risk-taking and leverage through regulatory measures, in order to provide economic stability and prevent financial instability. According to the media, the PRC Central Government is targeting GDP growth of more than 7% in 2013, with a view to maintaining the labour market s stability. Its macro economy will therefore show steady growth in 2013, notwithstanding the continuation of tight measures to curb speculative and investment demand in the housing market. The PRC s Central Bank will support the country s economic growth by continuing to adjust its monetary policy from time to 
Hong Kong s economy is expected to remain steady. The decentralisation and spill-over effect will continue in its office market. Its retail property market will continue to grow with the support of local consumers and visitors from the Mainland China. On the other hand, the Hong Kong hospitality industry is expected to perform well as business and leisure travel continues to increase in the Greater 
The recently introduced stamp duties are expected to limit the volume of residential property market transactions. However, the tight supply of new residential properties is expected to keep transaction prices steady in the near term.
On the transportation front, the opening of Phase III West has marked the completion of the entire Western Delta Route. This has now become the main artery of a regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous cities on the western bank of the Pearl River Delta (PRD), including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai, and reduces the travelling time between them. It will also offer direct access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, Macau and Hong Kong via its connection with the HZM Bridge, which media reports say is scheduled to open by the end of 2016.
The urbanisation of cities in the western PRD region will accelerate, creating economic growth that will benefit the HHI Group.
To increase its competitive edge and achieve sustainable growth, the Group will maintain proactive management and asset enhancement strategies for its property portfolio. All the efforts it is making to upgrade its properties such as the refurbishment of the office and communal areas of Hopewell Centre, the on-going renovation of guestrooms and the upgrading of facilities at the Panda Hotel, the proposed E-Max II refurbishment plan will strengthen its image as a landlord of premium properties in Hong Kong. In addition, the Group is currently studying the redevelopment plan of 
The new projects in the pipeline, namely Hopewell Centre II and the 200 Queen s Road East Project, will both complement and generate synergies with the Group s existing properties in Wan Chai by bringing in new residents, workers and visitors. Hopewell Centre II is set to become one of Hong Kong s largest hotels with comprehensive conference facilities. It will capitalise on the opportunities created by the current lack of conference venues, the limited supply of large-scale and high-end hotels, and the shortage of performance venues. The pre-sale of residential units at the 200 Queen s Road East Project is planned to commence during the second half of 2013. The Group expects that its properties will form one of Wan Chai s largest retail clusters once the retail portion of the 200 Queen s Road East Project and Hopewell Centre II have been completed. Furthermore, the Group will study the development of the site consisting of the properties at 155-167 Queen s Road East once it completes the acquisition of the remaining interest in them.
Changes of Directors and Committee Members Mr. Ahito NAKAMURA has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director with effect from 17 December 2012. I would like to express the Board s warm welcome to Mr. NAKAMURA in joining the Board.
Dr. Gordon YEN has been appointed as the Chairman of the Company s Remuneration Committee in place of Ms. Linda Lai Chuen LOKE with effect from 1 February 2013. Ms. LOKE remains as a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Mr. Eddie Wing Chuen HO Junior resigned as an Executive Director with effect from 30 June 2013. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. HO for his contribution to the Company during his tenure of office.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work. Their contributions have been indispensible for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung Wu GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 20 August 2013 