Chairman s Statement Our management team has continued to work towards fulfilling our stated goal to build each of our core businesses to achieve sustainability and to create capital value.
I am pleased to present this annual report and to share with you the overall progress the Group has made over this period of uncertainties in global fi nancial markets and sharp asset defl ation. We had navigated through these turbulent times avoiding pitfalls and had consolidated our assets and businesses to achieve profitability. Our management team has continued to work towards fulfilling our stated goal to build each of our core businesses to achieve sustainability and to create capital value. We see meaningful consolidation in our core businesses. The contributions towards the Group s results from our core businesses in Property Development and Investment, Hospitality and Leisure, and Financial Services have tripled in the past 5 years.
However, our Proprietary Asset Management, which has now been designated as Principal Investment business, has been facing severe challenges. The global economic shake- out caused by the impact of the US mortgage woes has resulted in fi nancial markets coming under diffi cult and troubling conditions not experienced in several decades.
Concurrently, prices of basic commodities and oil had risen sharply dislocating and straining many economies. Amidst such a poor financial and economic environment, the performance of Principal Investment business was below 
The consolidated profi t attributable to shareholders, after taxation and minority interests amounted to HK$1,468 million, representing a decrease of 66% compared to the result of the last financial year. Earnings per share amounted to HK$4.52.
The directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$3.00 per share at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year amounted to HK$4.00 per share thereby maintaining a steady annual distribution to shareholders.
BUILDING OUR CORE BUSINESSES 
We had been cautious for quite some time since global equity markets peaked in mid 2007 and remained guarded and disciplined. With the recent deterioration in world fi nancial and equity markets, our risk-averse approach has helped to contain write downs in investments had we been less cautious. We continue to hold substantial assets in cash to make investments when the time is opportune.
The twelve months to June 2008 represented an extremely volatile period in global fi nancial markets. In response to this worsening market environment, we exercised caution in managing our investment portfolio. We have trimmed down substantially the level of investment activities and the size of the investment allocation thereby reducing our exposure. Nevertheless, severe market corrections and the mark-to-market valuations affected our Principal 
There is still a high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing and future path of a market recovery. Near-term a downside scenario remains. However, we recognise that valuations have come off sharply and selective stocks are becoming more attractive. Our approach is to focus on a list of strategic stocks that we believe offer reasonable valuation with good long-term underlying businesses and potential. We will look to acquiring signifi cant positions in selected companies, strategic investments which present synergistic business opportunities to the Group.
Our treasury team continued to monitor and manage the Group s foreign currency exposure and currency overlays of our investments in the light of the difficult market conditions during the year. They managed creditably and contributed to a meaningful foreign exchange gain to the Group s results.
Property Development and Investment GuocoLand 
The Guoco quality property brand is now successfully established in China, in the major cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Nanjing and Tianjin; in Vietnam, in the rapidly emerging conurbation near to Ho Chi Minh City, and in Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur, in addition to its home turf in Singapore. GLL is fast moving on the path towards realising its vision of becoming a regional property group.
GLL initially started off positively with strong economic growth in its core markets of Singapore, China, Malaysia and Vietnam as key drivers for its performance. The second half of the fi nancial year however coincided with a swift reversal in the global economy, with slowdowns in world markets resulting from the sub-prime crisis, the consequent US credit crunch and global infl ationary 
Reacting to these macroeconomic concerns, a mood of caution has crept into the real estate market sentiment across the region, especially in markets where the economies have signifi cant exports to the US. The China and Vietnam governments have put in place measures to tighten credit and rein in real estate speculation. As a result, buyers are adopting a more cautious approach, and sales across the real estate sector have slowed. Against this backdrop, and despite the market uncertainty, GLL has reported satisfactory results for the fi nancial year ended 30 
Hospitality and Leisure Business GuocoLeisure Limited ( GL , formerly known as BIL International 
We had undertaken a corporate streamlining initiative to consolidate the Group s interests in GL. Camerlin Group Berhad, a 61% owned subsidiary of the Group which held 22% shareholding in GL implemented a capital distribution exercise to distribute its GL shares to all its shareholders. The exercise was completed in August 2008 and the Group now holds a total direct shareholding of 54% in GL.
BIL International Limited changed its name to GuocoLeisure Limited during the year in recognition of its control by the Group.
During the year, GL remained focused on growing top- line particularly in the hotel business through effective yield enhancement and market penetration strategies. The hotel segment made signifi cant progress in establishing and growing its two brands in its target markets: Guoman, as deluxe properties competing globally with other international brands and Thistle, as a strong UK-based brand. New brand standards were successfully rolled out.
Substantial capital was invested as part of a three-year refurbishment programme and key international markets were developed, particularly in respect of the Guoman properties. As a result of all these, profi tability for the hotel segment increased signifi cantly during the year. We see this as an important and encouraging turning point in GL s 
A detailed plan of space utilisation, development opportunities and alternative use is being studied by management with a view to unravelling and enhancing the significant capital value of the hotel properties in London bearing in mind the potential boom in the hotel industry as London prepares to host the next Olympic Games 2012. A strategic overview was also undertaken with the intent to optimise its hotel and casino operations in the United Kingdom. Clermont Leisure (UK) Limited has made a signifi cant investment in upgrading the facilities and services at the Clermont Club to restore it to its old glory as an exclusive casino in Mayfair and the centrepiece of our gaming business. With an eye on the international characteristics of London, we would build on the heritage of the Clermont brand.
GL had decided to wind down the operations in Molokai.
The commercial decision taken to close down the operations in no way affects the value of this development 
Financial Services Hong Leong Financial Group 
HLFG made significant progress towards becoming one of the leading integrated financial services groups domestically and in the region. As a result of its successes in growing its core businesses, HLFG registered record result. Profi t before tax of its subsidiary, Hong Leong Bank Berhad ( HLB ), surpassed the RM1 billion mark. The record earnings were driven primarily by continued strong growth in earnings on the back of higher net interest income and Islamic banking income.
To enhance its competitive advantage, HLFG has been investing in improving its infrastructure, customer service experience and sales delivery capabilities including cross- selling programmes to derive synergistic benefi ts within the various financial businesses of the HLFG Group.
Through the introduction of need-based customer relevant products as well as increased customer services to fulfi ll their expectations, HLFG hopes to build a strong and reputable brand name to enhance its market position in the fi nancial services sectors.
HLB completed the subscription of 20% interest in Chengdu City Commercial Bank Co. Ltd. ( CCCB ).
This marked its fi rst major overseas acquisition and fi rst foray into the large and fast-growing China market. It is working with CCCB to explore synergistic opportunities on expanding fi nancial services in Chengdu.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES I firmly believe that it is the people who make the difference in our organisation. Building quality human resources is essential to achieving our vision and therefore continues to be a key element of our business plans. To ensure operational excellence, each of our core businesses will continue the Group s policy of developing and strengthening the talent pool by recruiting high calibre talent for key positions, developing internal talent for future leadership positions and rewarding and retaining talent. Amidst pessimism in the global economic outlook, there could be more opportunities for us to attract talent as the labour market softens.

The global meltdown in share price over the past twelve months appears to be continuing. Global fi nancial systems are being tested and some amount of uncertainty may continue over a protracted period. Problems relating to the US housing market, high infl ationary pressures and rising unemployment will affect the economies of various countries in which we operate. These could lead to a slower global growth. We remain cautiously optimistic and will look for investment opportunities.

I would like to thank my fellow directors for their invaluable counsel. The success of our Group depends on the commitment and contributions of our dedicated management and staff. For their effort and hard work, I express on behalf of the Board, my deepest appreciation for the staff of the Group. To all our shareholders, bankers and customers I thank them for their strong support.
I am pleased to see that the Company and its staff in Hong Kong have again united in a number of charity events to raise funds for the less fortunate. With increased participations and donations contributed this year, the Company was the winner of the Highest Donation Increment Award and the first runner up of Top-fund Raiser Award by The Community Chest in the Hong Kong and Kowloon Walks for the Millions in which event, one of our Board members clinched the Top Individual Fund- raiser Award. The Company has also been presented the Platinum and the prestigious President s Award by The Community Chest for the third consecutive year in recognition of its continuous commitment towards the local community development.
Quek Leng Chan 
8 September 2008 