CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Each of our core businesses will continue to focus on implementing their strategies to strengthen their platforms and to enhance their competitiveness to achieve sustainable growth for all 
I am pleased to present our Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2015.

The twelve months to June 2015 was an eventful period for financial markets. Notable developments included a sharp correction in energy prices, an official end of quantitative easing in the US followed by the start of a similar programme by the ECB, and finally an abrupt reversal to an explosive Chinese A-share rally near the end of our financial year. Notwithstanding occasional volatility, most equity markets managed to produce another year of positive gains. This favourable background environment benefited the Group s investment activities. Other core businesses of the Group though, confronted with headwinds and challenges in their respective operating markets, had turned in commendable results for the year.

The Group s consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders for the financial year 201415, after taxation and non-controlling interests, amounted to HK$4.6 billion, as compared to HK$5.8billion for the previous year. Profit from operations slightly increased year-on-year. This was achieved with substantial contributions from Principal Investment together with higher operating profit contributions this year from Property Development and Investment as well as Hospitality and Leisure Business.
In addition to the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share already paid, the directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$3.00 per share (2014: HK$3.00 per share) at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This gives a total dividend of HK$4.00 per share, same as last year, maintaining our healthy trend of dividend payout to shareholders.

Supportive central bank and government policies remained an important driver behind the continuing stock market recovery since the 2008 financial crisis. In spite of an end to QE by the FED, the European Central Bank and Chinese authorities engineered major stimulus programmes during the year while Abenomics remained ongoing in Japan. These policies and the resulting uptrend in global stocks boosted our investment returns. We capitalised on the strength in share prices and realised profits in some of our 
We will remain prudent in managing our portfolio and continue to focus on long-term cycle trends and laggard opportunities. Shareholders are cautioned that our results are very much subject to fair value movements and thus will continue to be volatile.
Property Development and Investment 
For the second consecutive year, GuocoLand managed to record revenue in excess of S$1 billion from sales of existing projects and new launches. This is a satisfactory outcome when viewed in the context of the slowing economies and regulatory measures introduced to cool down the property markets in which GuocoLand operates. As a result, net debts only showed a marginal increase despite the start of construction of a few new 
GuocoLand s past dependence on development income had created volatility in reported results. With the impending completion of existing rather sizable composite projects, Damansara City, Kuala Lumpur and Tanjong Pagar, Singapore in the first and second half of 2016 respectively and together with Singapore s 20 Collyer Quay (the former Tung Centre), the resulting recurring income base shall better complement GuocoLand s 
Beijing Dongzhimen project was the single largest integrated project within GuocoLand s portfolio. The Hainan Court s favourable judgment last September encouraged us to carry on with the project. A number of parties since then approached us to initiate discussions to take over the project. Amongst them, we were able to strike a deal with China Cinda post our financial year end. This transaction effectively halves GuocoLand s gearing ratio to 0.73 times.
A comprehensive review of GuocoLand s bench strength was carried out to ensure there is competency and efficiency to cater for expanding its business scope.
Hospitality and Leisure Business 
The transformation of GuocoLeisure s hospitality business is on track, with glh Hotels achieving key milestones and receiving industry recognition for its innovations. As the GuocoLeisure Group continues to grow, we propose to change the name of GuocoLeisure Limited to GL Limited, signaling the alignment with the transformational change being delivered in the core business of glh Hotels.
glh Hotels presently operates 17 hotels in the UK under the Guoman Hotels, Amba Hotels, every Hotels, and Thistle brands. glh Hotels also announced Thistle Express, a new value hotel concept which will leverage the strong brand equity and awareness of the core Thistle brand. glh refurbished 2 London hotels to bring them up to the standards of their respective new brands, Amba Hotels and every Hotels. Amba Hotel Charing Cross opened in December 2014, and every Hotel Piccadilly opened in February 2015.
Both hotels have been well received, with Amba Hotel Charing Cross now ranked in TripAdvisor s top 5 London hotels.
With its technological innovations, glh Hotels new virtual call centre solution won the Best SME Contact Centre Solution at the 2014 UK s Communications National Awards.
This together with glh Hotel s new Value Centre General Management model will continue to drive improved efficiencies and higher guest satisfaction at each of the hotels.
The Rank Group Plc Rank has delivered a strong operating performance with every brand improving its profitability on a like-for-like basis for the year. This was achieved through significant progress made in realising its strategic objectives to create long-term sustainable growth for Rank and its shareholders. The five pillars strategy comprises the creation of a compelling multi-channel offer, building a strong digital capability, investing in its brands and marketing, continuing to develop its venues and harnessing technology to improve the customer experience and drive operating efficiency.
From 30 June 2014, bingo duty was reduced from 20% to 10% and resulted in a GBP11.3million tax reduction in the year. This duty cut funded a reduction in prices to its customers, the recommencement of a venue refurbishment programme and an increase in Mecca s capital investments. On the other hand, the remote gaming duty introduced from 1December 2014 at 15% on all online gambling revenue generated by customers in the UK had translated to a cost of GBP6.6 million in the year for Rank.
With continued effort in executing the set strategic objectives and given its strong financial position and market leading brands, Rank is poised to attain its long-term growth and to create value for its shareholders.

Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) The financial year was a challenging one for HLFG which confronted an environment of decelerating economic growth, a competitive industry landscape as well as volatile currency markets. However, it managed to maintain its pretax earnings. Its banking division, Hong Leong Bank Berhad ( HLB ), registered a modest growth for the year, thanks to a higher write back of allowance for impairment losses on loans, advances and financing, the increase in net interest income and higher share of earnings from Bank of Chengdu Co., Ltd and Sichuan Jincheng Consumer Finance joint venture. The insurance operations were affected by lower interest rates which resulted in higher actuarial provisions. Amid an environment of subdued capital markets activity, the investment banking operations recorded a slight contraction in earnings due to lower contribution from its asset management operations.
As part of HLB s capital management strategy to further strengthen its capital position to support continuous business growth and facilitate the build-up of an adequate level of buffer in preparation for the forthcoming regulatory capital requirements, HLB has announced in August 2015 a renounceable proposed rights issue to raise gross proceeds of up to RM3.0 billion. HLFG in turn also announced a renounceable rights issue of up to RM1.1 billion in tandem to fund part of HLFG s entitlement to HLB s proposed rights 
The new financial year of HLFG is expected to be equally if not more challenging, given a multitude of headwinds, not limited to subdued economic activities, increased competition and regulations in the financial sector, volatile exchange rates and depressed commodity prices. While HLFG is confident to work through these challenges, it will use this period to fine tune its business strategies to lay the foundation for the next phase of 
We had witnessed how the Greek debt crisis and the abrupt reversal in the Chinese A-shares caused great uncertainty and volatility that shook confidence in every market.
This type of events served as timely reminders on us to exercise caution in managing our investments. While global authorities will remain investor friendly in their policy settings, markets have to face challenges including valuations that are no longer cheap, a recovering but still sluggish global growth outlook and the possibility of US interest rate hikes in coming months.
In the midst of these uncertain and soft market conditions, each of our core businesses will continue to focus on implementing their strategies to strengthen their platforms and to enhance their competitiveness to achieve sustainable growth for all shareholders.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES People talent is instrumental to our achievements and continued success. To face the talent war in recruiting and retaining good competent managers in the various business sectors in which the Group operates, we have established employee-centric initiatives to ensure our competitiveness in the field. Ongoing talent development is directed at ensuring our internal bench strength remains resilient. As our Group does well and grows, the benefits and rewards will accrue to those who contribute to making it happen.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group is committed to meeting the highest standards of corporate citizenship and will strive to have a positive impact on the lives of the people in the communities where we conduct our businesses. Our commitment to do the right things in the focus areas in respect of workplace, environment, marketplace and community is discussed in detail in the Corporate Social Responsibility Report in this Annual Report.
Our Company has, for the tenth year, been awarded the Platinum Award and the prestigious President s Award for our donations and staff participation in the activities of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. This year the Company was also recognised as a Top Ten Donor. In the Community Chest Walk for Millions, Guoco Group was the second top donor with our director, Mr Tan Lim Heng, being Top Individual Fund Raiser for this annual event for the eighth year in a row.

I would like to thank my fellow directors for their wise counsel during the year. To our management and staff, I express my appreciation for their dedication and commitment to working as a team and building sustainable businesses in their respective areas. I am grateful to our shareholders, bankers, customers and business associates for their support and confidence in the Group.
Quek Leng Chan 
28 August 2015 