CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$2,835 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2015. The Group s total revenue for the year, including treasury income and its share of the revenues of JVs engaged in toll roads, power plant operations and property development, amounted to HK$6,235 million, 4% more than the previous year s figure. Revenue of the Group increased, principally due to the continued growth of property letting and hospitality businesses and the uptake of toll revenue in Western Delta Route together with the sales recognition of The Avenue Phase 1, which offset fewer sales recognition of residential units at Hopewell New Town, decreased electricity sales of Heyuan Power Plant and toll revenue from GS Superhighway. The Group s EBIT rose by 18% year-on-year to HK$2,257 million.
This is mainly due to the continued growth of investment properties and hospitality businesses and the recognition of redevelopment gain of 155 167 Queen s Road East, completion gain of 200 Queen s Road East s retail portion and profit shared from residential property sales of The Avenue Phase 1, which offset fewer sales recognition of residential units at Hopewell New Town and decreased toll profit from GS Superhighway. Despite all the challenges, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$3.25, a 108% increase on the previous year s HK$1.56.
Final Cash Dividend The Board has proposed a final cash dividend of HK70 cents per share ( Final Cash Dividend ) for the year ended 30 June 2015. Together with an interim cash dividend of HK50 cents per share paid on 17 February 2015 ( Interim Cash Dividend ), the total cash dividends for the year will amount to HK120 cents per share. This represents an increase of 9% on the last financial year s total cash dividends of HK110 cents per share, and represents a payout ratio of 63% of the Company s core profit (excluding the fair value gain on completed investment properties).
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 26 October 2015, the proposed Final Cash Dividend will be paid on Friday, 6 November 2015 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on Friday, 30 October 2015.
Closure of Register of Members To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 26 October 2015, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 19 October 2015 to Monday, 26 October 2015, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 16 October 2015.
To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed Final Cash Dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Friday, 30 October 2015, if and only if the proposed Final Cash Dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed Final Cash Dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 29 October 2015.

During the year under review, though US Federal Reserve had concluded its Quantitative Easing Programme and further poised to increase US dollar interest rate, Europe and Japan relayed to launch their quantitative easing programmes in order to support their economic growth. Overall the low interest rate environment in developed countries continued to support the recovery of the world economy. Benefiting from lower oil price and temporary settlement of the haunting Greece debt problem, economies of the European countries were stabilised and showed signs of improvement.
The US economy continued its slow paced but stronger economic recovery, as evidenced by the all- time low unemployment rate since 2008 and gradual rise in housing prices.
The PRC s economy remained as the growth engine to the world s economy. In order to maintain the GDP growth momentum at the target rate of 7.0%, the PRC government persisted in its policies to stimulate domestic consumption, ease money market liquidity, liberate interest rate, open up capital market and invest in large-scale infrastructure projects. The PRC economy will adapt to New Normal with a steadfast and sustainable expansion. Its GDP in the second quarter of 2015 grew by 7.0% year-on-year, a similar figure to 2014 s.
Under an improving macro-economic environment and a strengthening PRC economy, Hong Kong s economy remained promising. After the Hong Kong stock market rally due to the launch of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and the positive regulatory support from the PRC government, the Hong Kong residential property price subsequently showed sign of exuberance notwithstanding the suppressing measures imposed by the Hong Kong government. In view of the stayed low unemployment rate and healthy domestic consumption, Hong Kong s GDP continued to grow 
Investment Properties and Hospitality Total revenue from the two business segments investment properties and hospitality businesses, grew annually by 12% to HK$1,499 million, making the five-year compound annual growth rate of the two segments revenue reaching 10%. During the year under review, total revenue and EBIT from investment properties increased by 14% and 14% respectively. The economic environment provided a solid foundation for the growth of the Group s investment properties. The key growth contributor was the Group s office rental business which maintained its strong performance as driven by Hong Kong s stable demand for office space, continued trend of decentralization in the office market, redevelopment and revitalization of the Wan Chai and Kowloon East areas, and its proactive asset enhancement and management efforts. During the year under review, the Group s office space maintained high occupancy rate and its spot and average rental rates both rose healthily.
200 Queen s Road East and Hopewell Centre II Sales of the residential portion of 200 Queen s Road East Project, The Avenue, received enthusiastic responses since it was launched in November 2013. As of 16 August 2015, 1,226 units or 96% of the total number of units had been sold, generating a total sales proceeds of approximately HK$13.06 billion at the JV level before deduction of URA s share. The project s retail portion is targeted for grand opening in the first quarter of 2016. It will further enlarge the Group s rental property portfolio, and will create a new high-end retail neighborhood which comprises shops and restaurants exhibiting the Heritage and Modernity and East and West culture of Hong Kong. This will further realise the project s synergy with the Group s other properties in the area.
Site formation work of Hopewell Centre II is in progress and construction of the hotel is planned to be completed in 2018. In response to the calling for better connectivity and environmental protection by Wan Chai residents, and the increasing demands for world-class meeting, conference and convention facilities in Hong Kong, the Group submitted an application to refine and enhance the development scheme approved in 2009 to Town Planning Board. Under the current planning, the construction progress will not be affected.
The ongoing district redevelopment is expected to bring significant changes in Wan Chai. The Group is now exploring the development opportunities of the Group s various plots of land so as to enhance the synergy with the Group s existing properties and development in Wan Chai. Demolition of 155 167 Queen s Road East is underway and is planned to complete in third quarter of 2015. Construction works will commence soon afterwards. A planning application for building a commercial property on the demolition site was already approved by the Town Planning Board. The planned development will be similar to that of QRE Plaza in scale. The Group will also submit a development plan of Hill Side Terrace Cluster to the Town Planning Board in FY16. Under the proposed development plan, the Grade l historical building at Nam Koo Terrace is planned to be restored and preserved, and a residential building with open space provision will be developed.
The Group believes the assembly of such amalgamation properties into sites has the potential to generate attractive investment returns, and the Group will continue to seek strategic acquisitions actively in the district in order to create synergy between its existing and future development in the 
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily traffic volume on the GS Superhighway, Western Delta Route rose 4% to 593,000 vehicles, while their aggregate average daily toll revenue maintained at the same level as FY14 at RMB11.2 million. The average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway dropped 3% for FY15 to RMB8.5 million mainly due to the full opening of the Coastal Expressway. The average daily toll revenue of the Western Delta Route rose 9% to RMB2.7 million mainly due to the strong growth in Class 1 vehicle traffic. The aggregate toll revenue of the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route amounted to RMB4,080 million.

The Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. The Group has established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and workplace practices.
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will continue to issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Framework this year. The report will present its company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the Group and its JVs.

Gradual recovery of the global economy is likely to continue. The US economy is expected to maintain a mild growth in the coming year. Eurozone economy is forecasted to achieve moderate growth despite the Greece debt problem and geo-political tension in Europe. Benefiting from lower oil price and depreciation of Japanese Yen, Japan economy is sluggishly meliorating. Although US had concluded its quantitative easing measures and poised to let its interest rate hike, many other central banks have been easing their monetary policies which further support the global financial and 
The PRC government continues to shift the economy from a credit-, fixed asset investment- and export- driven, to a more consumption-orientated, technology-advanced and environmental sustainable growth economy. In order to maintain its GDP growth momentum at the New Normal level of 7%, the PRC authorities have been fine-tuning policies to infuse liquidity at targeted reforms. These are conducive to boost the over-subdued property market and alleviate previous administrative measures which used to curb speculative housing demand. The PRC GDP growth would still be the main contributor to the world s economic growth. With the improving economic outlook of the US and Eurozone and the accommodative economic growth policy of the PRC, Hong Kong is well-positioned to leverage on the opportunities brought about by the PRC recent reforming 
Hong Kong unemployment rate stays low and average personal income is increasing on par with inflation. Large scale infrastructure projects, for instance the third airport runway, are on the pipeline.
Given the favourable economic backdrop, the demand for office space in Hong Kong is expected to be stable, and the overall trend of decentralisation in the office market should continue.
The residential property market, especially the small size flat, is in strong demand. The solid residential property price in Hong Kong is underpinned by the postponement of interest rate rise by the US after the Federal Open Market Committee meeting held in June 2015. The buyers keen sentiment for residential properties is expected to bolster up transaction prices especially those in the primary market in the future.
The Group will continue to capitalise on the favourable conditions of the different segments in Hong Kong office market through proactive enhancement and management of its existing property portfolio.
All the efforts, such as, continuous enhancement of property facilities, renovation and reposition of KITEC, renovation of M3 of Panda Hotel to a catering venue, implementation of marketing plan to strengthen Panda Hotel s MICE business, and repositioning of E-Max as an entertainment hub will expand its competitive advantages, strengthen its image as a landlord of premium properties in Hong Kong, and eventually bring sustainable growth to the Group s business and shareholders value.
The Group s major projects in the pipeline, Hopewell Centre II and the 200 Queen s Road East, will both generate tremendous synergies with the Group s existing properties in Wan Chai. The combination of the two projects together with Hopewell Centre, Wu Chung House retail shops, GardenEast and QRE Plaza will form an attractive lifestyle hub drawing in attention, visitation, business, residence and spending.
Sale of The Avenue was successful which will soon bring in a large group of high-income households to the area. 200 Queen s Road East s retail portion, which is targeted for grand opening in the first quarter of 2016, together with Hopewell Centre II and the Group s existing retail space will form one of Wan Chai s largest retail clusters.
Being one of Hong Kong s largest hotels once completed, Hopewell Centre II is set to take advantage from Hong Kong s limited supply of large-scale premium hotels in prime locations. With its comprehensive conference facilities, it is also well-positioned to capitalise on the opportunities created from the lack of conference venues in Hong Kong as metropolis of the world.
In addition, the purchase of new plot of land on Schooner Street also marked the Group s active participation in acquiring land which synergises with its existing property portfolio and involvement in the redevelopment of Wan Chai. As part of its long-term growth strategy, the Group will continue to look for opportunities to increase its land reserves in locations synergising with its existing 
On the transportation front, the diversion impact from the Coastal Expressway has fully been realised and the GS Superhighway has started to regain growth momentum. The Western Delta Route is now the main artery of a regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of the Pearl River Delta (PRD), including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai, and reduces the travelling time between them. It will also offer convenient access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, Macau and Hong Kong via its connection with the HZM Bridge, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2017 according to media. The urbanisation of cities in the western PRD region will accelerate, creating economic growth that will benefit the 
Appointment of Director and Committee Member Mr. Yuk Keung IP was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company with effect from 10 April 2015. I would like to express the Board s warm welcome to Mr. IP in joining the Board.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support, and hard work. Their contributions have been indispensable for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 26 August 2015 