Chairman s Statement Given the capricious economic environment, our core operating businesses are expected to face challenges in the coming financial year.
Nevertheless, the Company will continue to look for appropriate investment opportunities and provide support to each of our core businesses for 
I am pleased to present this Annual Report showing improved results for our financial year ended 30 June 2011.

In the first half of our financial year, we saw world economies underpinned by accommodative monetary policies stimulating strong corporate earnings growth. This ray of optimism turned dimmer towards the first quarter of 2011 as chronic European sovereign debt issues began to unnerve investors. In Asia, economic powerhouse China had to tighten up credit to slow its GDP growth running at 9.5% in the second quarter of 2011 and to reign in inflation.
Just as when the consequences of the severe financial crisis of October 2008 appeared to be settling down, another economic crisis now looms in the form of European sovereign defaults. Then came the political wrangling in the U.S. to address and deal with reducing the ballooning debt of U.S.
at US$14.3 trillion and counting. With no clear long term solutions in sight, the world markets faced a sell-off in early August 2011 which threatened the fragile global recovery. That is the kind of uncertain environment we have to deal with.
Despite these challenges in the markets the Group operates in, our core businesses took measures to strengthen their business operations and took advantage of market adjustments to make significant acquisitions to broaden their asset base.

The Group achieved improved operating results for the year and reported a consolidated profit attributable to shareholders, after taxation and non-controlling interests of HK$4,159 million, representing an increase of 47% over that of 
The directors are recommending a final dividend of HK$2.20 per share (2010: HK$2.00) at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year would be HK$3.20 per share (2010: HK$2.80), representing an increase of 14%.

Our Principal Investment did well and made substantial contribution to our bottom line.
The start of the second leg of quantitative easing (QE2) by the US Fed in the second half of 2010 and the continued accommodative monetary policy and fiscal stimulus in most developed countries provided support to asset prices. We had responded to that favourable environment by increasing our allocations to equities and our leverage appropriately during the period.
Concerns over the sustainability of the economic recovery in the US and a deepening European debt crisis and repeated tightening in China had resulted in a correction of the equity markets during the second quarter of 2011. We took market corrections as buying opportunity for accumulation of quality counters. We hold a positive outlook for the Asian economies and built significant positions in strategic long-term investments.
Amidst a global low interest rate environment and volatile foreign exchange markets, we continued to adopt a balanced approach in managing our currency exposures. This has contributed positively to our results.
I would caution shareholders that our performance is dependent on market conditions and is subject to fair value movements and these can fluctuate.
Property Development and Investment 
During the year, GuocoLand won the tender of a residential site, Changfeng Plot 9, in Shanghai. In addition, it also acquired the Tanjong Pagar site in Singapore for mixed-use development. These acquisitions would add a total of approximately 3 million square feet to its landbank and help to transform GuocoLand into a diversified property group with a balanced portfolio comprising properties developed for sale and investment properties. With the addition of the Tanjong Pagar site, GuocoLand now has world-class integrated developments in each of its embedded markets.
Notably, the following: Tanjong Pagar in Singapore, GuoSon Centre in Dongzhimen, Beijing and GuoSon Centre in Changfeng, Shanghai and Damansara City in Malaysia are situated at prime locations in the respective cities and will broaden GuocoLand s recurring income base in the future.
I am also pleased to see the participation of Employees Provident Fund of Malaysia as a strategic partner in the Tanjong Pagar project and look forward to building on the relationship with this established arm of the Malaysian government.
GuocoLand will continue to focus on strengthening its business of being a leading property developer and investor in the countries it operates in.
To this end, GuocoLand completed a rights issue in December 2010 which raised S$533 million. GuocoLand will continue to maintain prudent financial discipline and strengthen its management and operational teams to enhance its competitiveness for future growth.
Hospitality and Leisure Business 
GuocoLeisure continued to upgrade its products through facility refurbishment and improved customer services under the Guoman and Thistle brands and its casino. This resulted in better performance of its hotel division. The gaming division also recorded higher margins.
With these upgrade improvements, GuocoLeisure stands to benefit from the business opportunities arising from the London Olympics 2012.
The Rank Group Plc ( Rank ) Rank has an excellent portfolio of businesses in the gaming sector in the United Kingdom and a strong executive management team. We see value and growth potential in our investment in Rank and acquired an additional block of 11.59% shares in Rank in May 2011. This triggered a mandatory offer and our shareholding subsequently increased to 74.5% pursuant to the general offer. With Rank now a subsidiary of Guoco Group, we look forward to working closer with Rank s executive management, building on its success to create value for all shareholders.

Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) The financial year was a watershed year for HLFG with impressive organic business growth across all its major business divisions, the completion of two major M&A transactions and a new record level of profits crossing RM2 billion in profit after tax.
The acquisition of the entire assets and liabilities of EON Capital Berhad by Hong Leong Bank Berhad ( HLB ) brings the total assets of the merged bank to RM145 billion, ranking it the fourth largest bank in Malaysia. This greater scale and size are crucial for HLB to remain competitive in the fast changing Malaysian banking and financial services 
The formation of a strategic partnership with Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Company, Limited, the largest general insurer in Japan, has resulted in Hong Leong Assurance Berhad being among the top three life insurers in Malaysia. The merged general insurance entity, MSIG Insurance (Malaysia) Berhad, is now within the top two general insurers 
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES A key factor of our success is the dedicated talented people working as a team for the Group.
I emphasize strongly on building and retaining quality human resources which is essential to achieving our vision. This is always a crucial item in our business plans. Much effort is directed at training programmes to identify and build our talent pool from within and at drawing in outside experts and talents to join us. We have made good progress in this direction as the Group s business 
The investment environment in the world and in the markets we operate in continues to be challenging given the concerns over global growth slowdown.
However, we anticipate policy makers will continue to be proactive and maintain accommodative monetary policies in most developed countries to tackle the current macro headwinds. In China, it is our belief that the economy will not face a hard landing and GDP growth will stay at healthy levels. Equity valuation is not demanding and most companies are looking better. Nevertheless, severe corrections in markets in the near term could affect the value of our Principal Investment portfolio and shareholders are advised to be cognizant of the 
Given the capricious economic environment, our core operating businesses are expected to face challenges in the coming financial year.
Nevertheless, the Company will continue to look for appropriate investment opportunities and provide support to each of our core businesses for 
I would like to thank my fellow directors for their continuing contributions and wise counsel. On behalf of the Board, I also wish to express my heartfelt thanks to both management and staff for their hard work and dedication. To all our shareholders, bankers and customers, I thank them for their support.
I am pleased to see that the Company and its staff continue to take an active part to help the needy. Through the corporate donation and staff participation in the charity activities, the Company was honoured for the second year as one of the top ten donors to The Community Chest of Hong Kong. One of our Board members again won the Top Individual Fund-raiser Award for the fourth year running. The Company has also been presented the Platinum and the prestigious President s Award by The Community Chest for the sixth consecutive year, in recognition of its commitment towards local community development.
Quek Leng Chan 
30 August 2011 