CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$2,762 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2016. The Group s total revenue for the year, including treasury income and its share of the revenues of JVs engaged in toll roads, power plant operations and property development, amounted to HK$9,235 million, 48% more than the previous year s figure. The significant increase in revenue of the Group was principally due to the continued growth of investment property business together with the sales recognition of The Avenue Phase 2, which offset decreased electricity sales of Heyuan Power Plant, treasury income and hospitality business revenue. The Group s EBIT before redevelopment gain and completion gain rose by 6% year-on-year to HK$1,944 million. This is mainly due to the continued growth of investment properties business and profit shared from residential property sales of The Avenue Phase 2, which were partly offset by an exchange loss due to RMB depreciation together with drops in treasury income, decreased electricity sales of Heyuan Power Plant and hospitality business. In the absence of redevelopment gain and completion gain, which were recorded in the previous year, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$3.17, a 2% decrease on the previous year s HK$3.25.

The Board has proposed a final cash dividend of HK75 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2016. Together with an interim cash dividend of HK55 cents per share paid on 22 March 2016, the total cash dividends for the year will amount to HK130 cents per share. This represents an increase of 8% on the last financial year s total cash dividends of HK120 cents per share, and represents a payout ratio of 80% of the Company s core profit (excluding the fair value gain of completed investment properties).
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2016 Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday, 26 October 2016, the proposed final cash dividend will be paid on Tuesday, 8 November 2016 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on Tuesday, 1 November 2016.
Closure of Register of Members To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2016 Annual General Meeting to be held on Wednesday, 26 October 2016, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 19 October 2016 to Wednesday, 26 October 2016, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2016 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 18 October 2016.
To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final cash dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Tuesday, 1 November 2016, if and only if the proposed final cash dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2016 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final cash dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 31 
During the year under review, the global economy was affected by uncertainty over the timing of the US interest rate hike. Britain s vote to leave the European Union ( EU ) ( Brexit ) has also set in motion an unprecedented and unpredictable process that threatens turbulence and potential crisis for Britain, Europe and the global economy. Such challenges are coming at an already fragile moment for the world s economy and the gloomy outlook is exaggerated by a sharp decline in the pound and plummet of the global stock market.
The PRC economy remains as the growth engine to the world economy. To maintain the GDP growth momentum at the target rate of 6.5% 7.0%, the PRC government continues to stimulate domestic consumption, ease money market liquidity, liberate interest rate, open up capital market and invest in large-scale infrastructure projects. Although RMB weakened unexpectedly in August 2015, the PRC economy still experienced a sustainable expansion. Its GDP in the second quarter of 2016 grew by 6.7% year-on-year, a similar figure to 2015 s.
Sluggish external demand and weak tourism hit the Hong Kong economy. With private consumption, exports of goods and services plus investment expenditure keep on contracting, Hong Kong s GDP growth in the second quarter of 2016 grew by 1.6% year-on-year only.
Investment Properties and Hospitality Total revenue from the two business segments investment properties and hospitality businesses, grew annually by 5% to HK$1,570 million, resulting in an 8% five-year compound annual growth rate of the two segments revenue. Despite the challenging economic environment, the Group s investment properties business maintained a mild growth. Driven by the demand for office space, redevelopment and revitalization of the Wan Chai and Kowloon East areas and proactive asset enhancement, the Group s office rental business maintained its growth, which served as the key contributor to growth for the investment properties business. During the year under review, the Group s office space maintained high occupancy rate of over 90%.

Sales of The Avenue Phases 1 & 2 were well-received. As of 11 August 2016, 1,264 units or 99% of the total number of units had been sold. The grand opening of Lee Tung Avenue, will be held in the third quarter of 2016. It has further enlarged the Group s rental property portfolio and created a new retail neighborhood which further realised the project s synergy with the Group s other properties in the area.
Site formation work of Hopewell Centre II is in progress and the hotel is targeted to commence operation in 2019. A road improvement scheme and a green park which will be open to the public will be completed alongside this project. The road improvement scheme will improve the area s traffic flow and enhance pedestrian safety, while the green park will provide a venue for public recreation and amenity.
The ongoing district redevelopment is expected to bring significant changes to Wan Chai.
Demolition of 155-167 QRE was completed and construction works are underway. It is envisioned to commence operation in 2019 with a development similar to that of QRE Plaza in scale. The Group proposed that the Grade l historical building at Nam Koo Terrace will be restored and preserved, and a residential building with open space provision will be developed. Resubmission of the preservation cum development plan of Hill Side Terrace Cluster to Town Planning Board is 
The Group believes the assembly of such amalgamation properties into sites has the potential to generate attractive investment returns, and the Group will continue to seek strategic acquisitions actively in the district in order to create synergy between its existing and future development in 
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway and Western Delta Route grew 4% year-on-year to RMB11.6 million and the combined toll revenue amounted to RMB4,254 million. The average daily full-length equivalent traffic of GS Superhighway increased 4% year-on-year to 92,000 vehicles, while its average daily toll revenue grew 3% year-on-year to RMB8.7 million. The average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the Western Delta Route increased 12% year-on-year to 40,000 vehicles, while its average daily toll revenue grew 8% year-on-year to RMB2.9 million.

The Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. The Group has established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and 
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will continue to issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the latest Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Framework and the HKEx Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Reporting Guide. The report will present its company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the Group and its JVs.

The global economy is facing growing uncertainty after UK voted to leave EU. The unprecedented decision had rendered the slump of world financial markets, and the immediate effect was that the GBP had plunged by approximately 10% against USD on the announcement day of Brexit voting. Furthermore, Brexit had cast cloud on whether Scotland and Northern Ireland may leave UK and created the unforeseeable domino effect that other EU members will follow to exit EU, which might eventually lead to the disintegration of EU and Euro markets. The US will inevitably be affected under the precarious economic climate in the coming years, which will make the Federal Reserve more cautious in raising interest rate this year.
Against the backdrop of unstable economic environment, the PRC government will continue to transform the economy to a consumption-oriented, technology-advanced and environmentally- sustainable growth economy. In order to maintain its GDP growth at a slower rate, the PRC authorities have been deploying policies to revitalize the PRC property market and encourage domestic consumption. These were manifested from series of official lending rate cuts, targeted tax reduction and accommodative monetary and fiscal policies.
The Belt and Road initiative of PRC tactically redirects the overcapacity in PRC to forge a strategic connection to international arena through international infrastructure projects. In the long run, it will promote co-development and mutual co-operation in the areas of economic, finance, transport, tourism and technology which will finally result in prosperity of the nations along the regions.
Amid the setback in inbound tourism, the Hong Kong Government spares no effort to strengthen Hong Kong s infrastructure through implementing large-scale projects to boost the economy and create job opportunities, such as the Hong Kong Section of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the airport s three-runway system.
Given more PRC companies are setting up offices in Hong Kong, together with the cautiously optimistic economic backdrop, the demand for office space in Hong Kong is expected to remain stable, while end-users demand is expected to provide support to the residential property market.
For offices, the Group will continue to pursue proactive enhancement and management of its existing investment property portfolio. These include, opening of a new venue at 3F of KITEC, The Glass Pavilion, for wedding banquets and corporate events; repositioning E-Max as an entertainment hub to expand its competitive advantages; introducing a new catering venue, the Crystal, to Panda Hotel; and implementing marketing plan to strengthen Panda Hotel s MICE business. These will strengthen the Group s image as a landlord of quality properties in Hong Kong and contribute to the sustainable growth of its businesses.
Sales of The Avenue were well-received and will help bring in high-income households to the area. Lee Tung Avenue has become a popular shopping and dining rendezvous in Hong Kong.
The Group s major pipeline projects, namely Hopewell Centre II, Hill Side Terrace Cluster and the 155-167 QRE, will generate tremendous synergies with the Group s existing properties in Wan Chai. These, together with the Group s existing projects, namely Hopewell Centre, Wu Chung House retail shops, GardenEast, QRE Plaza and Lee Tung Avenue, will form an attractive lifestyle hub drawing in visitation, spending and businesses.
Being one of Hong Kong s largest hotels once completed, Hopewell Centre II is set to take advantage of Hong Kong s limited supply of large-scale premium hotels in prime locations. With its comprehensive conference facilities, it is well-positioned to capitalise on the opportunities as a result of the lack of conference venues in Hong Kong. Together with the development of Hill Side Terrace Cluster, not only will the area be developed into a fashionable charm, but it will also be transformed into a major business centre and cool dining neighborhood. As part of the long-term growth strategy, the Group will continue to acquire land that will synergise with its existing 
On the infrastructure front, growth momentum of the GS Superhighway has persisted since the second half of FY15, after the full opening of the Coastal Expressway in December 2013. The Western Delta Route is the most direct and convenient artery of a regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of the Pearl River Delta, including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai, and reduces the travelling time between them. It also offers convenient access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, and via its connection with the forthcoming HZM Bridge, to Hong Kong. The urbanization of cities in the western PRD region is expected to accelerate, thus creating economic growth that will benefit the 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support, and hard work. Their contributions have been indispensable for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 23 August 2016 