Chairman s Statement The Company made further progress in its core businesses during the financial year. Going forward, Management will continue to build upon the resilience to achieve sustainability to enhance profitability and capital value.
I am pleased to report that the Company made further progress in its core businesses during the financial year. Going forward, Management will continue to build upon the resilience to achieve sustainability to enhance profitability and capital value.

The consolidated profit attributable to shareholders, after taxation and minority interests amounted to HK$4,271 million, representing a decrease of 24% compared to the result of last financial year. Earnings per share amounted to HK$13.14.
The directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$3.30 per share at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share, makes a total dividend for the year amounting to HK$4.30 per share, representing an increase of 7.5% compared to that last year excluding the special dividend of HK$1.00 per share last 
CREATING VALUE IN CORE BUSINESSES Proprietary Asset Management Against a backdrop of rising market uncertainty and demanding valuation, I had cautioned shareholders previously not to expect the same profit growth from our portfolio investments annually. In the latter part of our financial year, the Board Investment Committee had adopted a more prudent and less aggressive stance in our Proprietary Asset Management. Consequently, this has resulted in lower contribution from our Proprietary Asset Management compared to the previous year that was exceptional.
We continued to increase our investment management personnel recruiting additional seasoned professionals and experienced analysts. We have now in place a more rounded team of managers and supporting staff in various locations including Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia and Japan, focusing on equity and direct investments as well as treasury operations. Our tailor-made portfolio management system was fully implemented in the past few months to provide enhanced reporting, execution and risk management 
Our direct investment team besides identifying investment opportunities had also researched and provided global best benchmarks and practices of relevant industries for use by our other core businesses thereby sharpening their 
In view of volatility in the currency markets, our treasury team is exercising close and active monitoring of the Group s foreign currency exposures and currency overlays of our equity investments. This had enhanced foreign exchange gain to Group results.
Property Development and Investment GuocoLand Limited ( GLL ) During the financial year, GLL made significant inroads in achieving expansion and scalability in its core business. I believe GLL now has a strong foundation for achieving growth in its embedded markets in Singapore, China, Malaysia and Vietnam. GLL had made significant acquisitions totalling 1.4 million square metres of gross floor area, including Goodwood Residence and Leedon Heights in Singapore and the iconic mega integrated development, Dongzhimen in Beijing. New land parcels were also acquired during the year to increase its landbank in Malaysia, reinforcing GLL s presence through its subsidiary, GuocoLand (Malaysia) 
GLL has entered into a new niche area of integrated mixed development which features several components such as residential apartments, hotel, office and retail space under one roof. Each component enhances the value of other components in the development, which will in turn add to the overall connectivity and buzz of the development. These integrated developments will also induce economic stimulus to the community they are located in.
Currently, GLL has four integrated developments in the pipeline: Dongzhimen in Beijing, Putuo in Shanghai, Damansara City in Kuala Lumpur and the Vietnam Singapore Industrial Park project in Ho Chi Minh City.
These projects may also create synergistic business opportunities for GLL itself or other group companies, such as real estate investment trust or hotel and mall 
To finance GLL s expansion initiatives, the Group has given its strong support to GLL s rights issue on the basis of one rights share for every three GLL shares at S$2.50 per share. The five-year unsecured convertible bonds due in 2012 issued by GLL were also well received by major institutional investors. The rights issue and the sale of convertible bonds successfully raised S$1.24 billion. The divestment of GLL s non- core assets during the year has transformed GLL into a pure property company. With the focus on property business and, coupled with its fund raising exercises, GLL s balance sheet is strengthened, allowing it to be nimble to make larger acquisitions when appropriate opportunities arise. These strategic moves by GLL were favourably received as manifested in GLL s improved share price in the market.
Hospitality and Leisure Business BIL International Limited ( BIL ) During the financial year, BIL had implemented a number of important changes to its management structure and business strategy to push forward its hospitality and leisure businesses to keep in step with 
A key initiative for the hotels operations is a detailed brand review exercise undertaken to improve the performance of our hotels thereby maximising their potential in a very competitive market. Guoman Hotels has been defined as international deluxe properties.
Thistle Hotels will remain a strong United Kingdom domestic brand targeted at providing upper 4-star product and service standards. The Guoman brand now consists of six major Central London landmark hotels with over 3,300 rooms, and the Thistle brand consists of 33 properties. This transformational change has already produced improved results. The hotel business returned to profitability in 200607 after running at a loss in 200506.
Having our brand standards defined, full implementation of the on-going refurbishment programme and upgrading of service standard will commence in September 2007 for both Guoman and Thistle. With the better service quality and standard we shall be able to command higher average room rate and occupancy at our hotels to generate higher yields and profitability.
Clermont Leisure (UK) Limited is BIL s investment in the United Kingdom Casino Gaming Industry. Known originally as BIL Gaming Operations UK Limited, the company changed its name in June 2007 to Clermont Leisure (UK) Limited ( Clermont Leisure ) following the acquisition in December 2006 of the prestigious Clermont Club in Mayfair, London. There are plans in place to improve substantially the facilities and performance at this location. Clermont Leisure has also applied for a number of gaming licences to be housed in select Guoman and Thistle Hotels. This has the potential to create an integrated hotel and gaming business model producing better financial returns and a differentiated customer offering from our competitors.

Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) HLFG has achieved new milestones in its mission to become a large well-run integrated financial services group offering a comprehensive panoply of conventional and Islamic products and services to meet the financial needs of its target customers.
In the international market, HLFG is aiming to have a regional presence in select emerging high growth 
A number of initiatives have been undertaken to tap the synergies across various financial businesses within HLFG to allow them to leverage on the group infrastructure and distribution network. Many cooperative programmes are possible and are being implemented in the areas of products and services cross selling, wealth management, investment banking, corporate finance advisory and treasury business. Furthermore, the investment banking arm can work closely with our Group to derive synergistic benefits for our Group and our customers.
HLFG continued to put in resources to enhance and upgrade technologies and processes for cost efficiency and service quality excellence. It has also devoted resources to attract and retain new talent as well as to upgrade skill sets of its staff to fuel its domestic business growth and overseas market expansion.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES I believe strongly in having quality human resources to run, manage and lead our businesses. The Group has implemented timely and successful initiatives to bring this about. This has enabled substantial progress to be made over the last few years in building our four core businesses, each becoming respectable in its sphere.
Much of this is achieved through having the right leadership in management, an ever-increasing pool of well-qualified and dedicated staff, and our ability to attract new talent to join the Group.

The global investment environment has become increasingly complex. Market turbulence in July and August served as a timely reminder of the high correlation and inherent volatility that could happen in financial markets. It remains uncertain as to how the current woes in the credit market may evolve over the next few months and the exact impact that this may have on the global economy. However, the authorities have shown clear determination to contain this financial contagion from developing into a full-blown crisis. This should help restore confidence in markets although high volatility may still prevail in the next few months. In view of this assessment, we shall maintain a prudent stance in managing our investment portfolio.
For our property development and investment, GLL will stay focused in the core markets where the economic fundamentals are expected to be strong in the next several years. GLL will continuously source and build a sizeable premium landbank to undertake concept developments that will generate a steady earnings 
Apart from the United Kingdom, BIL will explore opportunities to collaborate with GLL in relation to the hotel components of GLL s development projects in Asia, under the Guoman and Thistle brand standards.
To realize its mission to grow into a premier integrated financial services conglomerate, HLFG will seek both organic growth and acquisitions to fit its expansion 
Our core businesses are doing well with potential for future growth. We intend to broaden the income streams from these core businesses to be more balanced. As income from asset management is dependent on market conditions, it could on that basis 
We see challenging times ahead. With our strong balance sheet, however, we have the resources to take on new opportunities from time to time. Overall, we take a cautious view of markets as the US sub- prime and other credit excesses and associated issues work their way through the global economy. However, we remain cautiously optimistic that our respective core businesses will benefit from the underlying strength of the economies of the respective region.

I have enjoyed working with my fellow directors and thank them for their wise counsel and support throughout the year. I express my appreciation to our management and staff team for their time, hardwork, dedication and commitment to performance excellence to bring forth the transformation of the Group to what it is today. I would like to thank also our customers and bankers for their continued support, and our shareholders for their confidence in us at each stage of our development to build prime capital value for the 
I note with great pleasure that the Company and its staff in Hong Kong has, once again, collaborated to increase its participation in and contributions to charities for the less fortunate and had been awarded the Platinum and the prestigious President s Award by The Community Chest two years in a row.
Quek Leng Chan 
14 September 2007 