CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT The Group is in an excellent position to implement its existing projects, as well as to identify and leverage investment opportunities in the PRD region and beyond, in order to achieve sustainable future growth.
I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$3,631 million during the financial year ended 30 June 2012. Its earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) were satisfactorily higher than last year s. Both the revenue and EBIT of its prime-earning businesses increased significantly. However, the increase in EBIT was partly offset by reduced income from sales of residential units at Broadwood Twelve. The Group s revenue for the year including proceeds from the sales of investment properties held for sale (i.e. Broadwood Twelve), treasury income and its share of the revenues of JCEs engaged in toll roads and power plant amounted to HK$6,560 million, which was 6% lower than the previous year s. Meanwhile, the Group s EBIT (before any fair value gains on investment properties) rose by 15% to HK$2,136 million year-on-year. The fair value gains on revaluation of investment properties for the year was HK$2,264 million, as compared to HK$4,395 million in last year. Consequently, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$4.15, a 35% decrease on the previous year s HK$6.36.
Final Dividend and Special Final 
The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK54 cents per share plus a special final dividend of HK40 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2012. Together with an interim dividend of HK45 cents per share that has already been paid, the total dividends for the year will amount to HK139 cents per share. This represents a decrease of 6% on the last financial year s total dividends of HK148 cents per share, which also included a special final dividend of HK45 cents per share. It also represents a payout ratio of 89% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company, excluding the revaluation gain on completed investment properties, or a payout ratio of 64% if the net realized gain of approximately HK$500 million, attributable to the residential units of Broadwood Twelve sold during the year, recorded in FY10 was taken into account.
However, if excluding the special final dividend of both financial years from the calculation, the Company s total dividends for the year under review will be 4% lower than that of the previous year.
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2012 Annual General Meeting on Thursday, 18 October 2012, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on Wednesday, 31 October 2012 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on Thursday, 25 October 2012.
Closure of Register To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Thursday, 25 October 2012, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2012 Annual General Meeting.
No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 24 October 2012.
To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2012 Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 18 October 2012, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 11 October 2012 to Thursday, 18 October 2012, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2012 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 10 October 2012.

The global economic environment remained unstable and challenging throughout the year. Although the European Central Bank provided massive low-interest loans to Euro-zone banks, the sovereign debt crisis continued to spread among European Union member countries. The pace of the United States economic recovery was slower than expected, and there were no new quantitative easing measures there.
The PRC s economy continued to grow steadily, despite the global economic uncertainties. The country s GDP increased by 7.6% in real terms during the 12 months up to the second quarter of 2012. On a quarter-on- quarter basis, its real GDP increased by 1.8% during the second quarter, whereas the first quarter s figure was revised downwards from 1.8% to 1.6%. Central Government policies to tighten market liquidity and alleviate inflation, coupled with austerity measures concerning the property markets in certain cities, effectively contained inflation, stimulated domestic consumption and brought property prices under control.
The volume of car sales remained healthy throughout the country, and the greater geographical mobility this created gave a boost to the PRD region s transportation 
On the other hand, the continued decline in domestic demand and investment growth in Europe, plus the gloomy economic situation there, slowed down the growth of PRC s imports and exports.
The integration of Hong Kong s economy and its transportation network with those of Mainland China benefited the city s economy, and spurred the continued growth of its GDP. Strong local retail spending and inbound tourism continued to underpin this trend, which was further supported by low unemployment and rising The Group received an offer letter from the Lands Department concerning the exchange of land in respect of Hopewell Centre II on 26 June 2012, and it accepted this offer on 25 July 2012.
wages. However, the volume of Hong Kong s exports declined as a result of fiscal tightening in developed economies. The property sector was affected to a certain extent by uncertainties in the external economic environment. Even so, low interest rates and strong demand from investors and end-users helped to support the local residential market.

The Group s investment properties continued to perform strongly, and its total rental revenue from them grew by 9% year-on-year. The EBIT of its property letting, agency and management operations for the financial year amounted to HK$445 million. The five-year compound annual growth rates of the Group s investment property revenue and EBIT, from FY08 to FY12, were 10% and 15% 
The average occupancy rate of Hopewell Centre during the year was 94%, and this had improved further to 97% as of 30 June 2012. The retail portions of Hopewell Centre and Wu Chung House were both fully let. At QRE Plaza, 88% of the total floor area was let, and the average occupancy rate of GardenEast remained high at 93%. Similarly, both the average occupancy rate of E-Max and the office portion at KITEC increased to 94%.
Besides their high occupancy rates, the spot rental rates and average passing rental rates (i.e. average rental rates of existing contracted tenancies) of offices at the Group s flagship properties rose significantly. The average spot rent of offices at Hopewell Centre increased 19% from HK$31.0sq.ft. to HK$37.0sq.ft. during the year under review, while the figure at KITEC leapt 22% from HK$9.8 sq.ft. to HK$12.0sq.ft.. The average passing rent for offices at Hopewell Centre and KITEC also continued to grow. At Hopewell Centre, the figure improved from HK$26.1sq.ft. to HK$27.9sq.ft. over the year; while that of KITEC went up from HK$9.2sq.ft. to HK$9.5sq.ft.

Up to 30 June 2012, 52 units or 68% of Broadwood Twelve s 76 units had been sold at an average price of around HK$25,400sq.ft. (based on the gross floor area disclosed in the marketing brochure), generating total sales proceeds of around HK$2,241 million (including proceeds from the sale of car-parking spaces). Of the 52 units sold, 15 were booked during the year. The net realized profit attributable to residential units and car- parking spaces sold and booked up to 30 June 2012, including fair value gains booked in FY10, FY11 and the year under review, amounted to approximately HK$1.6 
Up to 30 June 2012, 152 townhouses and 1,666 apartments at Hopewell New Town in Huadu had been sold and booked. These had a plot ratio GFA of approximately 248,800 sq.m.; out of which, 38,300 sq.m.
were booked during the year. The average selling price of the townhouses was around RMB20,700sq.m., while that of the apartments was around RMB7,800sq.m. in latest sales. Sales on the units completed in FY12 started during the first half of FY12, and the market s response has been encouraging. Only a few completed residential units remained unsold as of 30 June 2012.
Hopewell Centre II The Group received an offer letter from the Lands Department concerning the exchange of land in respect of Hopewell Centre II (the Land Exchange ) on 26 June 2012, and it accepted this offer on 25 July 2012. Its total investment in the development, including the land premium, will be around HK$9 billion. The market s estimated value of the site of Hopewell Centre II after completion of the Land Exchange is about HK$7.8 billion.
After deducting the premium of about HK$3.7 billion, the market s estimated value of the portion of the land already owned by the Group amounted to HK$4.1 billion, compared to its book value stated at historical cost of around HK$500 million as of 30 June 2012. As such, HK$3.6 billion of land value will be unlocked after completion of the Land Exchange, of which the fair value gain of investment property portion will be reflected in the future in the Group s financial statements.
Construction works will be started by the end of 2012 after the Group has taken possession of the site in October 2012 and the development will be completed in around 2018. Given its tremendous experience in construction and project management, the Group is confident it will be able to manage the development 
Although the growth rate of the volume of car sales slowed down throughout the PRC, car ownership in Guangdong Province continued to grow. The number of Class 1 small cars using the Group s toll roads in the PRD and the toll revenue derived from them also continued 
The Group s proportionate share of the aggregate net toll revenue of its expressway projects grew by 5% year-on-year to HK$2,386 million. This was mainly due to growing traffic on Phase II West and the appreciation of RMB. The Group s toll revenue base has risen consistently ever since Phase II West opened in June 2010. The Group s shares of the net toll revenues from GS Superhighway, Phase I West and Phase II West in proportion to the Group s aggregate net toll revenue were 87%, 4% and 9% respectively.
Even though the depreciation charges of the GS Superhighway JV and the West Route JV increased in line with the growth in traffic volume, and despite a rise in the staff costs, the aggregate EBIT (excluding an exchange gain and related income tax expenses) of the HHI Group increased by 5% year-on-year, from HK$1,547 million to HK$1,632 million.
As stated in the Company s last interim report, in February 2012 the Group received a notice concerning the promulgation of the Guangdong Province Toll Roads Special Clean-up Implementation Proposal (the Tariff Proposal ) from its JV partner, Guangdong Provincial Highway Construction Company Limited. In accordance with the Tariff Proposal s requirements, the GS Superhighway tariff was revised with effect from 1 June 2012. The average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway for each of the months ended 30 June 2012 and 31 July 2012 decreased by 16.7% and 15.3% while its average daily traffic volume increased by 6% and 7% respectively, when compared with the same month last year.
Construction work on Phase III West has been progressing smoothly. The HHI Group will endeavour to speed up remaining construction work to ensure Phase III West is completed in the first quarter of 2013 around Lunar New Year, nearly a year ahead of the original schedule. The HHI Group s planned total investment in Phase III West is currently RMB5.6 billion.
Heyuan Power Plant s total revenue at JV level declined by 6% to RMB3,055 million, whereas the amount of electricity it generated decreased by about 9% to approximately 7,400GWh. The plant s utilization rate fell during the year to 70% owing to scheduled overhaul.
Furthermore, escalating coal prices reduced the Group s attributable share of the plant s EBIT for the year by 30% to HK$86 million.

The Group believes that promoting sustainability is just as important as achieving long-term business growth.
It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as other stakeholders. In 2011, the Group established an independently-reviewed stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and 
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will continue to issue a Sustainability Report under the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) sustainability framework this year, and which will be independently verified. This report will only be available online on the Company s website, and it will present the company- wide commitment to sustainable development during FY12, covering the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impacts arising from the activities of the Group and its JCEs.

The European sovereign debt crisis and the region s gloomy economic outlook are both expected to continue. Deteriorating economic conditions in Spain and Italy plus worries about Greece leaving the Euro- zone have created new challenges for the global economy. While the United States economic recovery seems set to continue at a modest pace, it remains uncertain whether there will be further quantitative easing measures to boost its economic development.
Fortunately, the U.S. Federal Reserve s decision to keep interest rates low until late 2014 will help to stabilize the financial markets.
The PRC Central Government s GDP growth target of 7.5% for 2012 is regarded as healthy and satisfactory. China s economy is expected to grow solidly in line with this, albeit at a moderate pace. The Central Government will maintain its austerity measures by both administrative and economic initiatives. To curb demand for housing and cool the Mainland property market, it will continue to place restrictions on the quantity of home purchases, mortgage amounts, unit prices and unit sizes. It is also expected to adjust these austerity measures from time to time in line with the ever-changing internal and external environment. For instance, China s Central Bank recently relaxed its monetary policy slightly by reducing the reserve requirement ratio to ensure adequate liquidity and support the country s economic growth.
Although the Hong Kong economy is not immune to the impact of the global economic uncertainties, its economic fundamentals are expected to remain sound.
Demand for office space is anticipated to increase steadily, despite uncertain market conditions and the increased supply of new office space. The retail market is likewise expected to remain resilient, and this should benefit the Group s retail leasing business. Consumption will continue to be boosted by shoppers from the Mainland. The Hong Kong hotel industry looks set to perform well as the Greater China region s business and leisure travel sectors continue to boom. The city will be sustained by its role as an offshore RMB centre of the Central Government, which will help to secure its status as a major international financial hub. Furthermore, it will gain from new policies to foster closer cooperation between Hong Kong and the Mainland and boost the local economy that were recently announced by the Central Government and Hong Kong Government.
The first phase of the Ad-hoc Quotas Trial Scheme for Hong Kong private cars crossing the border has commenced, which will gradually increase cross-border traffic and benefit the GS Superhighway. The HHI Group is endeavouring to complete construction work on Phase III West during the first quarter of 2013 around Lunar New Year. Its opening will complete the Western Delta Route and create synergy among Phase I West, Phase II West and Phase III West. Completion of the HZM Bridge in 2016 will fully integrate the transportation network on the western bank of the PRD region and accelerate its urbanization thus boosting both economic growth and traffic there.
On the other hand, a 41-kilometre stretch of the Guangzhou-Dongguan section of the Coastal Expressway was opened in mid-January 2012. Its impact on the traffic of the GS Superhighway has been insignificant.
According to the latest media reports, the remaining 18-kilometre of the Guangzhou-Dongguan section will be opened in phases before mid-2013, and the 30-kilometre Shenzhen section is scheduled for completion by the third quarter of 2013. The HHI Group will continue to monitor their progress closely.
Since adopting the asset management approach, the financial and non-financial performance of the Group s investment property portfolio has improved steadily.
Besides the layout and design of its properties and their trade and tenant mix, its strategies also focus on service quality and branding. Based on existing committed tenancies, the average passing rent of both Hopewell Centre office and KITEC office are expected to rise further to approximately HK$31sq.ft. and HK$10.5sq.ft.
respectively during FY13. These figures represent growth rate of around 11% for both properties. The Hopewell Centre II project, which is scheduled for completion in 2018, will synergize with the Group s property portfolio in Wan Chai and enhance its recurrent income base.
Construction of the Lee Tung Street Project is proceeding on schedule, and pre-sales of residential units there are planned to start in 2013. Construction of the Liede Integrated Commercial Project commenced during the third quarter of 2011, and it is currently planned for completion in 2016. At Hopewell New Town, a total plot ratio GFA of 54,000 sq.m. containing 336 apartments will be completed in FY13. Pre-sales of these units will be launched in the second half of 2012.
With its diverse financing sources, the Group is in an excellent position to implement its existing projects, as well as to identify and leverage investment opportunities in the PRD region and beyond, in order to achieve sustainable future growth.
Changes of Directors and Committee 
Mr. Henry Hin Moh LEE resigned as a Non-Executive Director with effect from 1 January 2012 and remains as a consultant to the Company. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. LEE for his valuable contribution to the Company during his tenure of office.
Ms. Linda Lai Chuen LOKE has been appointed as the Chairman of the Company s Remuneration Committee in place of Mr. Carmelo Ka Sze LEE with effect from 23 February 2012. Mr. LEE remains as a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company.
Dr. Gordon YEN has been appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from 12 May 2012. I would like to express the Board s warm welcome to Dr. YEN in joining the Board.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work. Their contributions have been indispensible for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 20 August 2012 