CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Riding on the waves of development of the PRD, the Group continued to benefi t from the favourable business environment and recorded good results in all the core businesses of the Group, namely Property, Infrastructure and Hospitality.

am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, achieved excellent results for the fi nancial year ended 30 June 2008. Profi t attributable to equity holders, including the exceptional gains on disposal of the Group s property development project in Macau and the Group s interest in Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road joint venture company ( Ring Road JV ), amounted to HK$5,966 million, representing an increase of 127% over HK$2,632 million of last year. Basic earnings per share was HK$6.65, representing an increase of 127% over HK$2.93 of last year.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend Th e Board of Directors has proposed a fi nal dividend of HK40 cents per share and a special fi nal dividend of HK110 cents per share in respect of the year ended 30 June 2008 which, together with the interim dividend of HK55 cents and the special interim dividend of HK55 cents per share, will result in total dividends for the year of HK260 cents per share, representing an increase of 68% from last year s HK155 cents (which also included a special fi nal dividend of HK35 cents per share). Th e dividends for this year (including the special dividends) represents a 40% payout of the net profi t (before accounting for the eff ect of property revaluation gain).
Subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 13 October 2008, the proposed fi nal dividend and special fi nal dividend will be paid on or about 14 October 2008 to shareholders as registered at the close of business on 13 October 2008.
Closure of Register Th e Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 6 October 2008 to Monday, 13 October 2008, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be eff ected. In order to qualify for the proposed fi nal dividend and special fi nal dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certifi cates must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 3 October 2008.

For the fi nancial year under review, the Mainland China including the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) region maintained a high growth momentum, despite the unfavorable developments of the global economic climate and a few natural disasters happened in the country in the fi rst half of 2008. Th e growth rate in gross domestic product of the PRD region was above 10%.
Th e economic environment in Hong Kong remained strong as evidenced in its robust domestic demand.
Riding on the waves of development of the PRD, the Group continued to benefi t from the favorable business environment and recorded good results in all the core businesses of the Group, namely Property, Infrastructure and Hospitality. Th e Group s income-generating assetsinvestments produce recurring cash infl ow of over HK$1 billion per annum and which will grow further as we continue to enhance our asset quality and expand our 
Th e Group s rental property business in Hong Kong made satisfactory progress towards its target growth in revenue. During the year, the completion of QRE Plaza, a new building situated opposite to Hopewell Centre, has strengthened the Group s investment portfolio of retail properties in Wanchai district. Th e average occupancy rate of Hopewell Centre, the Group s fl agship property, remained at a high level of about 94% and the rental for new lettings of Hopewell Centre has increased substantially. Part of the Hongkong International Trade and Exhibition Centre ( HITEC ) was rebranded as an entertainment and destination shopping complex, namely EMax. Th e successful launch of EMax and the new multi-purpose hall, namely Star Hall not only uplifted the image and physical appearance of the property but also helped raise the overall occupancy rate of HITEC to 87% by end of the fi nancial year. For projects under development, the fi tting out works for GardenEast, the serviced apartment tower at 214-224 Queen s Road East, are in the fi nal stage. Th e occupation permit in respect of GardenEast has been issued in this month.
Superstructure work of 12 Broadwood Road, Happy Valley, a luxurious residential property development which will also be held for long term investment purpose, has commenced in July 2008. It is currently planned to be completed in the second half of 2010. Th ese developments will further strengthen the Group s recurring rental income base.
As reported in the interim report, the disposal of the Group s 50% interests in the Nova City project company in Macau and related property management companies was completed in the fi rst half of the fi nancial year, realizing an exceptional pretax gain of HK$3,948 million.
In the Mainland China, the construction of Phase 1B of our Hopewell New Town project in Huadu, Guangzhou, comprising 6 apartment buildings, is currently planned to be completed in the third quarter of 2009.
Construction of Phase 2 of the project, comprising 48 units of townhouses and 10 blocks of apartment buildings, has commenced and currently planned to be completed in early 2009 (for townhouses) and in the fi rst half of 2010 (for apartment buildings).
Being a socially responsible and environmentally friendly company, we have formed a special team to study and implement a variety of green initiatives for our properties, including power saving and recycling.
Th ese initiatives will not only help protect our environment, but will also help reduce operating costs. We noted satisfactory results through the implementation of a series of measures over last year.
Th e Group s infrastructure business recorded a remarkable increase in profi t for the year under review, attributed to the steady performance of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway ( GS Superhighway ) and Phase I of the Western Delta Route ( Phase I West ), the pretax gain on the disposal of the Group s interests in the Ring Road JV in September 2007 of HK$793 million and the share of exchange gain resulted from the appreciation of Renminbi. Th e construction of Phase II of the Western Delta Route ( Phase II West ) has been proceeding and is currently planned to be completed and operational in the fi nancial year 20092010. Application to relevant authorities for the project approval of Phase III of the Western Delta Route ( Phase III West ) is expected to be made soon. It is currently planned to commence construction of Phase III West in 2010 with completion in approximately 3 to 4 years.
For the power plant project in Heyuan City, Guangdong Province, project approval of the 2 x 600 MW ultra super-critical coal-fi red power plant project has been obtained and construction work of the project is in progress. Commercial operation is presently planned to commence in the fi rst half of 2009.
Th e hospitality business continued to achieve healthy improvement.
Despite intensive market competition, Panda Hotel maintained an average room occupancy rate of 84% whereas the average room rate has increased by 7%. Th e restaurant and catering businesses recorded a growth of 9% in 
On the fi nancial side, the Group benefi ted from the continuing appreciation of Renminbi. As at the balance sheet date, the Group had no outstanding corporate debt. Further, it had net cash balances of about HK$10.8 billion (Company : HK$4.8 billion; HHI : HK$6.0 billion) and undrawn banking facilities of HK$17.6 billion (Company : HK$14 billion; HHI : HK$3.6 billion). Th is strong fi nancial position enables us to capture any good investment opportunities in future.

Th e outlook of the global economy has become less certain as the ripple eff ects of the fi nancial crisis in the United States continue. Most of the developed economies will possibly be facing lower growth and higher infl ation in the short run. In view of the various policies put in place to curb infl ation, economic growth of the Mainland China including the PRD region is expected to continue but at a slower pace and we expect that the economy of Hong Kong will follow a similar trend. With the help of the relief measures announced by the Government, the local economy should remain generally stable. Nevertheless, the Group will be watching closely the macroeconomic adjustment measures in the Mainland economy and the infl ation outlook in the region.
Th e Group s activities will keep focused on its three core businesses Property, Infrastructure and Hospitality. Th e property business will remain an important growth driver as the positive rental reversion cycle for offi ce and retail rental properties continues. Th e Group s recurring rental income base will be further strengthened by our asset and service enhancement strategies as well as the completion of GardenEast and the development at 12 Broadwood Road. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, the Group has also acquired several retail shops of Wu Chung House. Th rough better coordinated marketing eff orts for the new dining and entertainment area known as Th e East , synergy will be achieved for such shops and the retail outlets at Hopewell Centre and QRE Plaza.
Th e GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route will continue to play important roles for the PRD expressway network. Th e continuous growth in car ownership in the PRD region will lead to further increase in traffi c fl ow for GS Superhighway and the Western Delta route. Th e traffi c fl ow and toll revenue of the GS Superhighway are expected to resume its growing trend following the completion of the major maintenance and improvement works. Subsequent to the year end, it was announced on 2 September 2008 that additional capital in the total amount of approximately RMB812 million would be injected into the joint venture for Phase II West and Phase III West subject to the approval by, among others, the shareholders of the Company and Hopewell Highway Infrastructure Limited ( HHI ), a listed subsidiary of the Company. Th e estimated total amount of investment for Phase II West and Phase III West will thus be increased to RMB12.8 billion.
A circular containing the details of and reasons for the transaction will be sent to shareholders in due course.
Over the past two decades, HHI has devoted much eff ort to the development of Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project. As reported by the media, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project is planned to commence construction at the earliest in 2010 and to be completed by 2015. We are pleased to see that the project has won affi rmative recognition of the Central Government and various local governments, as well as comprehensive support from the general public. Its pace of construction is going to speed up. Th is refl ects the excellent vision of the Group.
Th e Group believes that the fast-track construction plan of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project will not only accelerate the economic cooperation of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, but also actively contribute to the economic development of the western bank of the PRD region, in addition to expand and improve the regional highway network.
With the abundant cash on hand, banking facilities and other resources, the Group will strive to continue our investments in premium projects which will bring steady and good yield to our shareholders in the long run.
Change of Director Mr. Andy Lee Ming CHEUNG resigned as an executive director of the Company eff ective from 18 October 2007. Mr. Yuk Keung IP was appointed an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company and HHI both with eff ect from 13 August 2007.
Due to other business commitments, Mr. IP has resigned from the board of both the Company and HHI with eff ect from 29 February 2008. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. CHEUNG and Mr. IP for their valuable contribution towards the Company during their tenures of offi ce.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and contributions. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors, management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work. Th eir eff orts are invaluable in contributing to the strong performance of the Group in the past year and for future years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 10 September 2008 