CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Each of our core businesses will continue to enhance its competitive advantages through productivity improvement, innovation as well as new technology initiatives to achieve stable growth and sustain 
I am pleased to present our Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2016.

The twelve months to June 2016 was certainly a volatile period for the global economy. While stimulus measures continued to support markets in Europe and Japan, the U.S. stepped back from accommodative policies, raising interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade. The Fed then abruptly paused their tightening track as economic fissures ushered in renewed concerns of a global recession. Growth in Asia continued to moderate amid the tepid global recovery and a slowdown in China. By mid-year 2016, after the Brexit vote result, most equity markets had retreated over the twelve month period, with the exception of the U.S. which recorded a modest increase. The fair value of the Group s investment portfolio was adversely affected by this downside volatility. Our other core businesses were subject to different challenges in their respective environments but were still able to post solid results despite the various economic headwinds.

The Group s consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders for the financial year, after taxation and non- controlling interests, amounted to HK$3.1 billion, as compared to HK$4.6 billion for the previous year. Profit from operations decreased by 6% year-on-year due to the net operating loss of Principal Investment eroding the higher operating profit contributions from the Property Development and Hospitality segments.
In addition to the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share already paid, the directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$3.00 per share (2015: HK$3.00 per share) at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This gives a total dividend of HK$4.00 per share, same as last year, maintaining our healthy trend of dividend payout to 
Corporate profit growth has weakened and record-low government bond yields point to poor medium-term investment returns. Investors saw expensive U.S. equities, weakening developed market cycle fundamentals and the fading of oversold tailwinds. Economic recovery in the U.S. has continued as has the recovery in Europe, albeit sustained with greater levels of economic stimulus. China s economy stayed below growth trend line and its stock market under- performed on persistent fears of industrial over-capacity and an anti-corruption campaign. Japan s economic cycle was also in a different phase as the Bank of Japan was still working on lifting the country out of a deflationary cycle.
We took advantage of the low share prices outside the U.S. to rebuild our positions in stocks that traded at discounts to their respective markets. While our investment portfolio showed an unrealised loss for the year, we see the recovery potential of our holdings post year-end.
The global economic environment remains challenging and uncertain with an unconvincing recovery. We will remain prudent and disciplined in managing our portfolio and continue to focus on value investments, fallen angels, and sector megatrendscycles. Shareholders should be mindful that our financial results are marked-to-market and will therefore remain volatile.
Property Development and Investment 
Market sentiment in the domestic and overseas property markets in which GuocoLand operates in remained weak and potential buyers were in a generally cautious mood. However, the demand for good-quality properties has held firm with prices remaining competitive. While GuocoLand recorded lower revenue from sales of inventories in the current year, it was able to achieve a better performance from the successful divestment of its Dongzhimen project, the integrated mixed-use development in Beijing.
As GuocoLand continued to monetise its inventories during the year, the strong cash flow from operating activities has effectively reduced its gearing ratio to 0.73 times as at 30 June 2016. It has sufficient financial resources to support future projects and to capitalise on investment opportunities when they arise.
In keeping with the strategy to maintain a pipeline of projects for development income, GuocoLand had tendered for and won an attractively located residential site at Martin Place in Singapore. This sizeable land parcel of more than 15,900 sqm will be developed into luxury condominiums capable of yielding approximately 450 units.
The two large integrated mixed-use developments, Tanjong Pagar Centre in Singapore and Damansara City in Kuala Lumpur of Malaysia, are scheduled to be completed in the new financial year. Rental income from these important projects will enhance GuocoLand s recurring income base going forward, in line with its strategy of optimizing the balance between development and recurring income to sustain future growth.
GuocoLand will continue to focus on sales and leasing of its current projects while staying watchful for investment opportunities which provide long-term value for future growth.
Hospitality and Leisure GL Limited ( GL , formerly known as GuocoLeisure Limited ) The financial year presented a challenging operating environment for GL. Events in Europe weighed down on the revenue performance of its core hospitality division, GLH Hotels. Oil prices fell to a ten-year low, impacting GL s oil and gas royalty income. Despite this, GL managed to record a substantial increase in profit with some non-operating and one-off gains driving sizeable year-on-year profit growth at GLH.
GLH continues to make progress in its transformation. It presently operates 16 hotels in the United Kingdom. In an exciting development, GLH has also unveiled plans for a collaboration with Hard Rock International. The 900-room Hard Rock Hotel London, to be converted from the existing Cumberland Hotel, is scheduled for opening in the summer 
Performance of the London hotel market is expected to grow in the year ahead albeit at a modest rate. GLH continues to maintain a cautious outlook following the events in Europe which could negatively impact discretionary travel in the coming year. Uncertainty arising from such events may cause further weakness in the Pound Sterling. However, this could provide a boost for inbound travel into the United Kingdom, but at the same time, adversely impacting the hotel and gaming divisions revenue growth in USD terms. GL continues to be financially strong while maintaining a conservative gearing ratio.
The Rank Group Plc ( Rank ) Rank continued to grow all parts of its business across all brands and channels in the year on a like-for-like basis, with solid performances posted by Grosvenor Casinos and Mecca Bingo. It also focused on delivering significant projects to bring in the right platform for future growth. This included the migration of its digital business onto a new gaming platform, the rollout of an improved retail casino management system and investments into new generation machines in both its casino and bingo venues.
With approximately 2.8 million members, and 154 venues, Rank aims to be a U.K. leading multi-channel gaming operator, possessing market leading brands and with the ability to deliver them via the channels their customers prefer, whether in venue, online or mobile. Rank is in a strong financial position and has a clear strategy for sustained long-term organic growth.
As part of its efforts to rapidly scale via transformational inorganic growth, Rank jointly with 888 Holdings plc submitted in early August 2016 a non-binding proposal to William Hill plc for a combination of the three businesses.
While the parties unfortunately could not agree upon terms, Rank will continue to actively evaluate further strategic 
Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) In the financial year, HLFG had been affected by a number of adverse financial one-offs at both its banking division, Hong Leong Bank Berhad, and its insurance division, Hong Leong Assurance Berhad, which if stripped away, would have generated an increase in profit before tax. Also slower economic growth, weaker consumer and business sentiment in the key operating markets, as well as volatile commodity prices and currencies, resulted in lower contributions across all operating divisions. In addition, the share of profit from Bank of Chengdu and Sichuan Jincheng Consumer Finance joint venture was also less than the previous year.
The Malaysian economy is expected to continue to see lower growth with reduced domestic demand, higher cost pressure, increased competition and regulations in the financial sector. With its core operations taking concrete steps to increase productivity and application of technology for customer services to strengthen the business franchise and its competitive edge, HLFG is confident of working through these challenges. It is very well positioned to build on its solid foundation for the next phase of growth and to take advantage of potential opportunities that may arise to generate further return for shareholders.

Global equity markets are in a range constrained by lackluster profits, slower growth and possible recession risks.
Brexit negotiations could be drawn out and lead to uncertainty. In general, we expect global markets to remain volatile and eventually bond yields to rise. In addition, China has to deal with excessive inventory and capacity, carried over from the runaway growth in the previous years. Given the adverse uptick in geopolitical events, we also expect short term negative impact on tourism.
Despite the global uncertainties, each of our core businesses will continue to enhance its competitive advantages through productivity improvement, innovation as well as new technology initiatives to achieve stable growth and sustain profitability. In addition, the Group shall attempt to capitalize on market volatility to strengthen its Principal 
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES Human capital is instrumental to our performance and continued success. The Group has demonstrated an on-going commitment to people and to fair employment practices. We have established employee-centric initiatives to ensure our competitiveness to attract and retain good competent managers in the various business sectors in which the Group operates. Ongoing talent development is directed at ensuring our internal bench strength remains resilient. We will keep to our practice that as our Group does well and grows, the benefits and rewards will accrue to those who contribute to making it happen.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Group sees Corporate Social Responsibility as integral to its mission. We need to move away from a list of check boxes to meaningful actions to ensure positive impact on the lives of the people in the communities where we conduct our businesses. Our commitment to do the right things in respect of workplace, environment, marketplace and community is discussed in detail in the Corporate Social Responsibility Report in this annual report.
Our Company has, for the eleventh year, been awarded the Platinum Award and the prestigious President s Award for our donations and staff participation in the activities of The Community Chest of Hong Kong. In the Community Chest Walk for Millions, Guoco Group was the second top donor in 2016 with our director, Mr. Tan Lim Heng, being the Top Individual Fund Raiser for this annual event for the ninth year in a row.

I would like to thank my fellow Directors for their continuous guidance and support. As always, I recognise and appreciate the dedication and commitment of our management and staff to keep on building sustainable businesses in their respective markets. To our shareholders, bankers, customers and business associates, thank you for your support, confidence and trust in our Group over the years.
Quek Leng Chan 
30 August 2016 