Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved profit attributable to owners of the
Company of HK$1,961 million for the financial year ended 30 June 2017. The Group’s total
revenue for the year amounted to HK$6,590 million, 29% less than the previous year’s figure
primarily due to the decrease in property sales recognition of The Avenue. The Group’s core profit
(excluding the fair value gain of completed investment properties) attributable to owners of the
Company (“core profit”) decreased to HK$1,334 million for the year under review from HK$1,417
million for the previous year. The decrease in the core profit was mainly resulted from a lower
profit shared from sales of The Avenue for the year. If excluding the profit shared from sales of
The Avenue, the core profit for the year increased by 32% yoy to HK$1,304 million from HK$990
million, mainly resulted from the continued healthy growth of the profits of investment properties,
toll road business and property development of the Hopewell New Town project as well as a
lower exchange loss from RMB depreciation.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend
The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK75 cents per share and a special final dividend of
HK45 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2017. Together with an interim dividend of
HK55 cents per share paid on 22 February 2017, the total dividends for the year will amount to
HK175 cents per share. Excluding the special final dividend of HK45 cents per share, this
represents a payout ratio of 85% of the Company’s core profit.
Subject to shareholders’ approval at the 2017 Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday,
26 October 2017, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on Tuesday,
7 November 2017 to shareholders of the Company registered at the close of business on
Wednesday, 1 November 2017.
Closure of Register of Members
To ascertain shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 Annual General Meeting to be
held on Thursday, 26 October 2017, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from
Thursday, 19 October 2017 to Thursday, 26 October 2017, both days inclusive, during which
period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote
at the 2017 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant
share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 18 October 2017.
To ascertain shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend,
the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Wednesday, 1 November
2017, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the
shareholders at the 2017 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be
effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend and
special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates,
must be lodged with the Company’s Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 31 October 2017.
Business Review
During the year under review, global economic and political uncertainties continued to weigh on
the world economy. The US interest rate hike cycle, the new presidency of the US, and Brexit
have casted doubt to the recovery of global economy.
On the contrary, the PRC economy continued to grow healthily. Proactive fiscal and monetary
policies were implemented by the PRC government to boost domestic consumption and largescale
infrastructure investments to support the local economy, which achieved GDP growth of
6.7% in 2016, within the government’s target range of 6.5% to 7.0%. Such growth momentum
carried over to the first and second quarters of 2017, with GDP growth rates both reaching 6.9%.
The Hong Kong economy continued to grow under the backdrop of low unemployment rate,
stabilization of the retail sales and improvement in visitor arrivals. The weakening of RMB in 2015
to 2016 encouraged PRC firms to invest in Hong Kong which also fostered Hong Kong’s economic
growth.
Investment Properties and Hospitality
Total revenue from investment properties and hospitality businesses grew 3% yoy to HK$1,614
million during the year under review, recording a 6% five-year compound annual growth rate
during FY13 to FY17. Despite the challenging commercial leasing environment, the Group’s
investment properties’ performance was stable which was mainly driven by the retail assets. The
hospitality business improved with overall revenue increasing slightly as room revenue of Panda
Hotel grew 2% yoy.
Wanchai projects
As at 30 June 2017, 1,275 residential units of The Avenue were all sold with average selling price
of HK$22,600 per sq.ft. The new high-net-worth residents from The Avenue have benefited the
Group’s retail tenants in the area. The Lee Tung Avenue, which is the retail portion of The
Avenue, is now a famous dining and shopping rendezvous. Not only has it enlarged the Group’s
rental property portfolio, but also created a new retail neighborhood to realise the synergy effect
with the Group’s other properties in the area.
Site formation work of Hopewell Centre II is in progress. Due to the recent adoption of a new
excavation and foundation scheme to improve the overall design and enhance the structural
integrity of Hopewell Centre II, time to complete the site formation and foundation works for
Hopewell Centre II will be prolonged. As a result, the present target opening of Hopewell Centre
II will be deferred to year 2021. In August 2017, the Town Planning Board approved the 2017
Scheme of Hopewell Centre II. The new approved scheme will enhance the pedestrian
connectivity in Wan Chai South. Under current planning, this will have no impact on the
construction progress. A road improvement scheme and a green park which will open to the
public will be completed alongside this project. The road improvement scheme will improve the
area’s traffic flow and enhance pedestrian safety, while the green park will provide a venue for
public recreation and enjoyment.
The ongoing redevelopment in the district is expected to bring significant changes to Wan Chai.
The Group has expanded the 155-167 QRE project into 153-167 QRE project through an
application for compulsory sale for redevelopment (by auction) made in March 2017. The project
will be developed into a commercial property and expected to commence operation in 2022.
In order to realise the redevelopment potential of Hill Side Terrace Cluster and to preserve Nam
Koo Terrace, the Group proposed that the Grade l historical building at Nam Koo Terrace will be
restored and preserved and a residential building with open space provision will be developed.
Resubmission of the preservation cum development plan to Town Planning Board is pending.
The Group believes the assembly of such amalgamation properties into sites has the potential to
generate attractive investment returns and the Group will continue to seek strategic investments in
the district in order to create synergy between its existing and future development in the area.
Infrastructure
The average daily toll revenue and average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the GS
Superhighway increased by 6% and 8% yoy to RMB9.2 million and 99,000 vehicles respectively,
indicating that growth momentum is persistent. The average daily toll revenue and average daily
full-length equivalent traffic of the Western Delta Route reached historical high and grew 15%
and 17% yoy to RMB3.4 million and 47,000 vehicles respectively.
Corporate Sustainability
The Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business
growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its
operations in Hong Kong and the PRC. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the
needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other
stakeholders. The Group has established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a
Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management’s efforts to promote sustainability
through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and
workplace practices.
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the
Company will continue to issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the Global
Reporting Initiative (GRI) G4 Sustainability Reporting Framework and the Environmental, Social
and Governance (ESG) Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange. The report will present its
company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will
cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from
the activities of the Group and its JVs.
Prospects
Given the volatile global market environment, recovery of the world economy has been slower
than expected. The rise of protectionism and de-globalisation around the globe, policies under the
new US presidency, the pace of US interest rate hike, the unclear Brexit process, and upcoming
elections across Europe will all impact the growth of global economy. The Group will closely
monitor the evolving market environment and be prepared to face various challenges ahead.
In view of the unstable global economic environment, the PRC government continues to transform
structurally to a consumption-driven, innovative, technology-advanced and environmentallysustainable
growth economy. In order to support its initiative to sustain GDP growth, the PRC
government is striking a balance between restricting credit in speculative buying to curb “asset
bubbles” while supporting the property market with domestic consumption. The government’s
continuous efforts towards reducing taxes and levies, deepening supply-side structural reform,
liberalizing financial services and internationalizing RMB will altogether provide a healthy and
steady growth driver to the PRC economic development.
The Belt and Road initiative strategically connects PRC, ASEAN, Middle East, as well as Central
and Eastern European countries through international co-operation and infrastructure projects. It
encourages free flows of information, finance and goods by gradually removing investment and
trade barriers. In the long run, it will promote mutual trust and co-development in the areas of
economic, finance, transport, tourism, technology and academy which will ultimately result in
prosperity of the nations along the regions.
In addition, the strategic regional development scheme Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Bay Area
(“Bay Area”), which was tailor-made by the PRC government as part of the 13th Five-Year Plan, is
designed to strengthen infrastructure linkages and stimulate economic cooperation among
Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao region. It is expected that the GS Superhighway and the Western
Delta Route can benefit from the fostered economic development. Hong Kong can leverage on its
advantage as an international and domestic financial hub to capitalize the opportunities arising
from the Belt and Road and Bay Area initiatives. Furthermore, the recent admission of Hong Kong
as a new member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will further reinforce its position as
a premier international financial centre.
Following the setback in inbound tourism of Hong Kong in 2016, there were some signs of
recovery of tourist arrivals recently. On the other hand, more PRC companies are investing in the
Hong Kong property market and setting up offices in Hong Kong. These, together with the local
pent-up demand for residential flats, are expected to provide support to the office and residential
property markets in Hong Kong.
For investment properties, the Group will continue to pursue proactive enhancement and
management of its existing portfolio. The upmarket fashion outlets on G/F of E-Max was opened
in August 2016 and was well-received by the market. The Group is expanding the upmarket
fashion outlets to B1/F and targets to start operation by summer 2018. The Group has been
working on different plans to increase footfall in E-Max, such as the opening of food court on the
2/F. In the long run, KITEC is expected to benefit from the development of the Kai Tak New
Development Area, where strong demand from property developers has been seen, that will be
developed into a prime area in Kowloon East.
The Group’s major pipeline projects, namely Hopewell Centre II, Hill Side Terrace Cluster and
the 153-167 QRE project will generate tremendous synergies with the Group’s existing properties
in Wan Chai. These, together with the Group’s existing projects, namely Hopewell Centre, Wu
Chung House retail shops, GardenEast, QRE Plaza and Lee Tung Avenue, will form an attractive
lifestyle hub drawing in visitation, spending and businesses.
Being one of Hong Kong’s largest hotels once completed, Hopewell Centre II is set to take
advantage of Hong Kong’s limited supply of large-scale premium conference hotels in prime
locations. With its comprehensive conference facilities, it is well-positioned to benefit from the
lack of one-stop conference venues in Hong Kong. Moreover, when Hopewell Centre II opens,
the surroundings in Wan Chai will be further upgraded, which is expected to provide synergies to
the Group’s property portfolio in Wan Chai. As part of the long-term growth strategy, the Group
will continue to acquire land that will synergise with its existing property portfolio.
On the infrastructure front, growth momentum of the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta
Route persists. The Western Delta Route is the most direct and convenient artery in the regional
expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of
the PRD, including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai. It offers a convenient access to
the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, and via its connection with the forthcoming HZM
Bridge to Hong Kong. Upon completion of the HZM Bridge, traffic flow to and fro Hong Kong and
western PRD will be further stimulated. This, together with the strategic Bay Area initiative, is
expected to facilitate the urbanization pace of cities in the western PRD region, which will help
lift economic growth of the region and benefit the Group in the long term.
Acknowledgement
2017 marks the 45th Anniversary of the Company’s listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, I
would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group’s shareholders, customers, suppliers and
business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express
my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff
members for their loyalty, support, and hard work. Their contributions have been indispensable
for the Group’s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU KCMG, FICE
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16 August 2017