We see opportunities in the new environment. We intend to deploy more funds into markets over time to take advantage of the eventual recovery in asset value, and consolidate and further build-up our core businesses with an eye towards the next up cycle.
I am pleased to present this annual report for our financial year ended 30 June 2009. During the year, the world went through a harrowing period with very real threats of systemic failures in the global financial system not seen since the Great Depression of the 1930s. We saw near panic situations in October 2008 averted only by quick and massive financial intervention and support from the U.S. government. This was followed by other major European and Asian countries working swiftly in tandem in their respective jurisdictions to provide liquidity and confidence and trust in the banking systems. An uneasy stability was restored towards year end 2008 coinciding with the election of a new President in America. Nonetheless, except for China, India and a small number of other countries, the rest of the world was in recession.
As we had been relatively cautious prior to October 2008 we were less affected by the ensuing financial turmoil. In fact, we were able to do better in the second half in our Principal Investment business and were able to ensure profitability for the year.
Our other core businesses, i.e. Property Development and Investment, Hospitality and Leisure, and Financial Services, also faced the difficult times and took the opportunity to strengthen their financial positions while focusing on managing costs and improving operation efficiency. This will allow the Group to deliver sustainable long-term growth upon recovery of the wider economies.

The consolidated profit attributable to shareholders, after taxation and minority interests for the year was HK$476 million, representing a decrease of 68% compared to the result of the previous year. Earnings per share were HK$1.46.
The directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$1.50 per share at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year would be HK$2.00 per share. This reflects our commitment to maintain a balanced distribution 
The global recession since the second quarter of our financial year presented an extremely challenging business environment. The credit crisis, coupled with tumbling stock prices trapped the world into a debilitating spiral wiping out substantial market capitalisation and accelerating business contraction.
Unemployment in major economies approached double digits causing grave concerns. Following massive stimulus and liquidity injections by global authorities, equity markets produced a quick turn around in the last quarter of the financial year. On the back of strong equity market performance, we crystallised certain non-strategic equity positions to lock in positive returns. Our balanced approach in managing our portfolio investment proved to be effective in turning around the interim negative return to positive results for the full year. However, owing to the very nature of our Principal Investment business, the results are very much subject to fair value movements and thus will continue to be volatile.
We continue our strategy to identify and accumulate longer-term strategic positions in under-valued counters that have strong fundamentals backing and thereby a better likelihood of rebound when markets recover.
The fall in prices, in some cases drastic, offered us opportunities in accumulating positions at attractive value. We believe their intrinsic worth will over time deliver substantial gains.
Our treasury team continued to monitor foreign exchange markets closely and manage the Group s foreign currency exposure. We adopted a balanced diversification policy in managing our multicurrency deposits. The strong USD versus other currencies during the year has resulted in unrealised losses which however have subsequently shown signs of improvement.
Property Development and Investment GuocoLand Limited ( GLL ) GLL has built up a quality land bank at reasonable price levels across select growth markets in Singapore, China, Malaysia and Vietnam where GLL has operations. Even though each of these economies was hit by the financial turmoil in different degrees thereby affecting GLL s performance for the year, outlook in these core markets remains positive.
Despite slowing down in business in the second and third quarters of the financial year, GLL concentrated on cost containment and enhanced its management and operational teams.
These actions have improved efficiency and productivity while continuing to strengthen its financial position by balancing further land bank acquisitions and development against inventory 
GLL should see a better year this year. It has a pipeline of projects which it can launch and capitalise on new residential sales. Integrated mixed developments, namely Guoson Centre " Dongzhimen in Beijing, Guoson Centre " Changfeng in Shanghai, Damansara City in Kuala Lumpur and The Canary in Ho Chi Minh City, and the award winning residential projects, Goodwood Residence and Sophia Residence in Singapore, will reinforce GLL s position to become a major and recognised property group in these markets.
GLL will continue to focus on its core property development business and build up its investment properties portfolio in the markets in which it operates. It will take on management of its completed commercial properties in China and Malaysia to create a base of recurring income.
This will ensure resilience and flexibility for GLL to take advantage of expansion opportunities that may arise from the current turmoil.
Hospitality and Leisure Business GuocoLeisure Limited ( GL ) UK experienced significant economic downturn particularly in the first and second quarters of the financial year which impacted room rates and occupancy adversely. GL saw drops in both revenue and profitability in its hotel operations.
However, progress was made in various revenue enhancement and cost reduction initiatives undertaken by various business units during the year. New brand standards were successfully rolled out as a result of substantial capital investment made. The rebranding has won us a 5-star accreditation for the Hotel Royal Horseguards in London, which will enhance yields from this property.
During the year, GL made inroads into Asia together with GLL by expanding its hotel management business in Thistle brand into two hotels in Malaysia. It is working in collaboration with GLL in China in relation to the hotel components of GLL s development projects under the Guoman and Thistle brands.
Clermont Leisure (UK) ( CLUK ) continued to invest and upgrade its services through facility enhancement and improved customer services while further reducing expenses. Through its concerted effort in attracting new players, CLUK reported an increase in table drop during the year. After re-assessing market dynamics, CLUK withdrew all outstanding licence applications in London and in the provinces.
GL will continue to strengthen its core competencies and sharpen its competitive edge in hotel and gaming operation by pursuing new business strategies to take advantage of business opportunity as and when they arise. GL will remain focused on driving business growth and maximising return for shareholders.
Financial Services Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) Against a challenging environment caused by the global financial crisis which resulted in lower economic growth in Malaysia, I am pleased to report that HLFG registered an improved performance. Its subsidiary, Hong Leong Bank Berhad ( HLB ) recorded a profit before taxation of RM1,150.2 million which is the new peak.
HLFG continued to build upon its core businesses both organically and through new initiatives. Following the acquisition of a 20% equity interest in Bank of Chengdu Co., Ltd.
( BOCD ) in July 2008, HLB has been working with BOCD to enhance BOCD s operational and business capabilities. A Cooperation Committee was established to bring value-added initiatives to BOCD by sharing HLB s expertise and experience in various banking operations particularly in risk and credit management, personal banking business, treasury functions, staff training and development, a data warehouse and in upgrading of information technology. We see tremendous potential in further synergistic opportunities with BOCD given its fourth largest network in the province and its presence in nine districts in Chengdu, capital of Sichuan province.
HLB achieved another important breakthrough during the year as the first and only Malaysian and South East Asian bank to be granted a licence by the State Bank of Vietnam to operate a wholly-owned full commercial bank there.
Hong Leong Bank Vietnam Limited ( HLBV ) was incorporated and will allow HLFG to expand into the dynamic Vietnamese economy with a population of over 85 million. HLBV is expected to commence business in October 2009.
HLG Capital added an important new business franchise where its subsidiary, Hong Leong Investment Bank Berhad ( HLIB ), was granted requisite licences by Bank Negara Malaysia and the Securities Commission of Malaysia to become a licensed investment bank . HLIB is expected to bring more synergistic opportunities within the various businesses of the HLFG Group and the Hong Leong Group with this new 
The new financial year ahead is expected to continue to be challenging due to increased competition following Bank Negara Malaysia s liberalisation policy to open the banking sector to foreign banks. HLFG will continue to build on its strong and reputable image through the introduction of new need-based customer- relevant products. With its commitment to invest in and improve its human resource capabilities, HLFG is well placed to take advantage of new opportunities to increase its market share and strengthen its position as a leading integrated financial services group in Malaysia.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES Building and retaining quality human resources is essential to achieving our vision and therefore continues to be a key item in our business plans. New initiatives such as young executives programme and succession plan have been rolled out to identify young talents within each of the Group s operating companies. This is directed to provide appropriate opportunities to help to realise the true potential of our younger staff, to spot and train talent for future leadership 
Following the rally in the final quarter of the financial year, near-term market outlook nevertheless is uncertain and is a topic of much debate. The global economy appears no longer in a free fall as was generally perceived earlier.
In addition, policy initiatives by government will remain expansionary. Notwithstanding recent rallies, the correction since late 2007 has brought down valuations to more realistic levels. We see opportunities in the new environment. We intend to deploy more funds into markets over time to take advantage of the eventual recovery in asset value, and consolidate and further build-up our core businesses with an eye towards the next up 
We have experienced a tumultuous and challenging year. Fortunately, with the wise counsel of the Board and our adherence to prudent financial discipline, we have come through this period more resilient and better prepared for new opportunities.
I would like to thank my fellow directors for their invaluable contributions and guidance to management during the year. On behalf of the Board, I wish to express my appreciation to both the management and staff for their hard work and dedication. To all our shareholders, bankers and customers I thank them for their strong and 
I am pleased to see that the Company and its staff in Hong Kong have taken an active part to raise funds for the less fortunate. This is especially meaningful in this period of recession when economic hardship is more widely felt.
The Company for the second year running was the first runner up in the Top-fund Raiser Award sponsored by The Community Chest in the Hong Kong and Kowloon Walks for the Millions.
One of our Board members again won the Top Individual Fund-raiser Award. In recognition of its continuous commitment towards the local community development, the Company has also been presented the Platinum and the prestigious President s Award by The Community Chest for the fourth consecutive year.
Quek Leng Chan 
28 August 2009 