CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Amidst this uneven performance of the major economies and their respective equity markets, the Group nevertheless came through the year with an excellent return to profi tability as we were positioned in the right markets.
We maintain a sanguine view of the market outlook.......
We will continue to monitor the risks associated with our core businesses, and will provide support for the sustainable growth of those businesses.
I am pleased to present our Annual Report for the financial year ended 30 June 2013.

Over the past twelve months we have seen selective macroeconomic improvement helped by continued liquidity and extremely low interest rates. This has underpinned the performance of the financial markets. The prospects for recovery in the US strengthened after another round of quantitative easing and a pick-up in employment growth. The S&P500 moved to a new all-time high during the period. In other developed markets, repeated commitments by the European Central Bank to preserve the Euro and the appointment of a new Japanese Prime Minister, who promised long-awaited reforms served as triggers for buying interests. On the other hand, emerging economies, including those in Asia, were restrained due to a relative slowdown in growth. Stock prices in these countries under-performed their developed peers. Amidst this uneven performance of the major economies and their respective equity markets, the Group nevertheless came through the year with an excellent return to profitability as we were positioned in the right markets.

The Group registered a high operating profit of HK$6.4 billion for the financial year 201213 arising from substantial contributions from Principal Investment, and, to a lesser extent, from Property Development and Investment, and Hospitality and Leisure. In terms of consolidated profit attributable to shareholders, after taxation and non-controlling interests, the Group achieved HK$6.3 billion for the year, compared with a loss of HK$1.3 billion for the previous year.
On 3 July 2013, the Company declared a special interim dividend in specie of 0.27 of a share in The Rank Group Plc for every one Guoco share held which, for reference only, represented a value of HK$4.87 per share based on the closing price of 153.5 pence per Rank Share as at 2 July 2013 (the trading date before the declaration of the said dividend in specie) and the exchange rate of GBP1: HK$11.7517.
At the upcoming Annual General Meeting, the directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$1.50 per share (2012: HK$1.70 per share).
PRIVATISATION OFFER FOR THE COMPANY In December 2012, the Company s controlling shareholder, GuoLine Overseas Limited, launched a voluntary unconditional cash offer to acquire all the shares in the Company (other than those already held by it), with an intention to privatise the Company. The voluntary unconditional offer of HK$88 per share was subsequently revised and to include a conditional offer alternative of HK$100 per share. While the privatisation offer lapsed on 30 May 2013, it prompted the market to recognise the intrinsic value of the Company.

Given the benign economic environment last year, we managed to achieve a record return from our Principal Investment portfolio benefitting from our heavier weighting in the better performing developed countries. We had positions in a number of financial counters in the developed markets, and those positions were riding on the recovery potential. With their sharp share price rebounds last year, our returns were enhanced. To realise part of these gains, we selectively took profits in some of these holdings. Again, shareholders are reminded that our performance is dependent on market conditions and is subject to fair value movements, which can fluctuate.
Volatile currency market conditions were challenging and our treasury operations maintained a balanced approach in managing our currency exposure. More focus was placed on liability management, with the establishment of the Company s first medium-term note programme and a 5-year bond issuance of US$500 million to secure longer-term financing for our long-term investments, in anticipation that long-term interest rates 
Property Development and Investment 
In 2012, Singapore and China in which GuocoLand has core businesses, continued their tightening measures to curb property and asset inflation. This resulted in subdued market conditions in the property markets there.
Nonetheless, GuocoLand pressed on with the implementation of its existing projects in these core markets.
During the year, GuocoLand unveiled detailed plans for Tanjong Pagar Center, its first large-scale integrated mixed-use development in Singapore. This iconic project, slated for completion in 2016, will be symbolised by its 290m-high tower premium office, retail and residential homes, linked to a luxury business hotel.
GuocoLand was active in managing sales launches and making progress on construction for its projects under development during the year. In Singapore, Leedon Residence saw its first sale launch in August 2012 while Waterline and Goodwood Residence were issued temporary occupation permits in March and June 2013 respectively. The recognition of GuocoLand s profits deferred by the Group in previous years due to our adoption of completion method financial reporting standard made a significant contribution to the Group s operating profit for this year. Sales of the development projects in China, including Seasons Park in Tianjin and Changfeng GuoSon Centre in Shanghai, were strategically executed in opportune times to achieve the projected pricing in the midst of a slowdown in market momentum.
While GuocoLand expects business conditions in the countries in which it operates to be difficult in the short term, it remains reasonably optimistic that these markets will stabilise and see growth in the medium to long term. It will monitor the respective markets closely to capitalise on opportunities as they arise.
Hospitality and Leisure Businesses 
GuocoLeisure reported lower profit before tax compared to last year, with a modest increase in revenue.
Its hospitality business in the UK faced challenging market conditions after the London 2012 Olympic, while inclement poor weather dampened demand for travel and lodging over the winter. There were investment costs related to key strategic initiatives and the hiring of new personnel, including the appointment of a new chief executive officer for its hospitality division.
In June 2013, as part of a strategy to transform GuocoLeisure s hospitality business into a world-class global hospitality entity, the hospitality division was renamed glh. Embedded in glh. is its owner-operator hotel business, which will continue to focus on delivering the best guest-centric experience in the industry. It currently operates two hotel brands: Guoman Hotel, an exclusive collection of premium hotels located in central London, and Thistle, an award-winning chain of quality full-service hotels throughout the UK and in Malaysia.
glh. will begin work on plans to launch new globally distinctive brands in the luxury, upscale and value segments.
This will take some time to develop, and will entail some sacrifice in short-term profit, but GuocoLeisure is prepared and energised to begin this journey of transformation over the next several years, supported by a strong balance sheet.
Meanwhile, based on current estimates, production from Bass Strait is anticipated to continue for at least another 25 years with new discoveries and facilities. Bass Strait oil royalties will remain a source of steady income for GuocoLeisure.
The Rank Group Plc Rank completed the acquisition of 19 Gala Casinos and 3 non-operating licences in May 2013. The acquisition added 11 new markets to the coverage by Grosvenor Casinos in the UK. Rank is now the largest casino operator in UK with 55 casinos and 12 non-operating licences. Given the synergistic benefits, Rank is strongly positioned to capture the long-term growth opportunities presented by casino gaming in the UK as it deploys its operational excellence across an enlarged portfolio.
Rank changed to a brand-based organisational structure, with venues and online operations managed together to maximise brand synergies and growth opportunities. It now operates under three brands: Grosvenor Casinos, Mecca and Enracha.
The online gaming business saw encouraging growth during the year. Through improved cross-channel working and capital investment, Rank will continue to focus on growing its digital channels.
Financial Services Group Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) In the midst of successful integration and franchise strengthening activities, especially in its key operating division under Hong Leong Bank Berhad, HLFG achieved another record group profit before taxation of RM2.63 billion, up 10% year-on-year from the previous year.
Hong Leong Bank remains committed to expanding its regional franchise. It has extended its footprint to Cambodia with the establishment of a new 100%-owned subsidiary, Hong Leong Bank (Cambodia) Plc, which started operations in July 2013.
In the financial year 201213, HLFG Group consolidated the growth that resulted from various corporate activities undertaken in recent years. Initiatives such as the Bank s branch transformation programmes, the continuing efforts to offer better and more extensive services through digital channels and the focus to deepen customer penetration remain as on-going business priorities across each core business.
Given these concrete steps to consolidate its market position, HLFG is now a bigger and stronger entity with the necessary scale to compete more effectively in Malaysia, whilst also being better positioned to undertake any future potential acquisitions.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES People talent and good team spirit within the Group is the cornerstone of its achievements and continued success. Good staff with high morale and high moral standards make a good company, and it is my ardent desire to see that we continue to attract, retain and nurture talent by offering skill-training and management improvement programmes, and that we continue to bring out the entrepreneurial spirit in those with leadership qualities. As our Group does well and grows, the benefits and rewards will accrue to those who contribute to making it happen. The emphasis on high-quality group human resources remains a core value in our group 
We maintain a sanguine view of the market outlook. While the Fed has signalled a need to taper its QE approach, the message has been communicated effectively to avoid any surprise to investors. Such a move is expected to be gradual with no disruption to the prevailing low-interest-rate environment. In China, economic growth is slowing down after years of rapid expansion, but is expected to remain at steady levels, because the authorities have the policy tools to stimulate growth to keep the economy on an even keel. At the same time, macro conditions in Japan and Europe are showing signs of improvement or are stabilizing. Taken together, these should provide an improved backdrop for financial markets and asset prices. We will continue to monitor the risks associated with our core businesses, and will provide support for the sustainable growth of those 
I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Mr. David Michael Norman, a distinguished lawyer, who has joined the Board as an independent non-executive director.
In the area of charity work, our Company has again, for the eighth year, been awarded the Platinum Award and the prestigious President s Award for our donations to the Community Chest of Hong Kong. This year, the Company was also recognised as a Top Ten Donor. In one of the major annual fund-raising events, the Community Chest Walk for Millions, Guoco Group, through the participation of its staff, won the Challenge Cup for being the number-one donor, and our executive director, Mr Tan Lim Heng, won the Top Individual Fund Raiser Award for the sixth year in a row. I am proud to note the enthusiastic participation of our staff in such charity events, which aim to help the needy and less fortunate in our community.
I would like to thank my fellow directors for their wise counsel during the year. To our management and staff, I express my appreciation for their dedication and commitment to working as a team and building a sustainable business in their respective areas. I am grateful to our shareholders, bankers, customers and business associates for their support. Thanks to all your efforts, we look forward to another rewarding year ahead.
Quek Leng Chan 
30 August 2013 