CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group had another excellent year with profit attributable to equity holders of HK$2,632 million for the fi nancial year ended 30th June, 2007, an increase of 17% over HK$2,250 million of last year. Basic earnings per share was HK$2.93, an increase of 17% over HK$2.50 of last year.
I am also pleased to announce that our Group celebrates its 35th Anniversary in August 2007.
Final Dividend and Special Dividend The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of HK82 cents per share in respect of the year ended 30th June, 2007 which, together with the interim dividend of HK38 cents per share, will result in total dividends for the year of HK120 cents per share, up 43% from last year s HK84 cents. In view of the good performance and strong financial position, on the occasion of the 35th Anniversary of the Group, the Board of Directors has also decided to recommend the additional payment of a special dividend of HK35 cents per share. The dividends for this year (including the special dividend) represents a 57% payout of net profi ts (before eff ect of property revaluation gain).
Subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 4th October, 2007, the proposed final dividend and the special dividend will be paid on or about 5th October, 2007 to shareholders as registered at the close of business on 4th 
Closure of Register The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 28th September, 2007 to Th ursday, 4th October, 2007, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed fi nal dividend and the special dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certifi cates must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712- 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Th ursday, 27th September, 2007.

The Hong Kong economic environment remained strong, supported by robust domestic demand and strong fi nancial markets. Th e PRC economy, particularly the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) region, continued to enjoy strong growth. Th e Macau economy was active in the aggressive expansion in its entertainment and gaming industry. Globally, major industrialized nations have recorded steady positive growth.
The Group benefited from the favorable business environment in the past year. The three core businesses of the Group, namely, Property, Infrastructure and Hospitality, all recorded good results for the fi nancial year.
In Hong Kong, the Group s rental property business has recorded satisfactory growth. Th e average occupancy rate of Hopewell Centre, the flagship of the Group s properties, maintained an optimal level of about 94%. Following the completion of the major renovation and ongoing enhancement works, Hopewell Centre is attracting more renowned corporations as tenants and the rental rates for both renewals and new lettings have increased substantially.
The revamp of part of the Hongkong International Trade and Exhibition Centre into EMax, a major entertainment and destination shopping complex in Kowloon Bay, is planned to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2007.
Pre-letting of EMax has started and market response is encouraging. Th e Star Hall, a new multi-purpose hall, is planned to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2007. Bookings have commenced and strong market response was received with the fi rst show scheduled already.
The QRE Plaza in Wanchai was topped out in December 2006 and it is currently planned to be completed in the third quarter of 2007.
Upon completion, it will add to the Group s investment portfolio of rental properties.
Leasing activities of the QRE Plaza are well in progress and market response is encouraging.
Superstructure work of the residential and commercial tower at 214-224 Queen s Road East in Wanchai, also as rental property of the Group, commenced in February 2007 with completion currently planned to be in the fourth quarter of 2008. Foundation and site formation works of 12 Broadwood Road, Happy Valley, a residential property development which will also be held for long term investment purpose, commenced in January 2007 and the superstructure work is currently planned to be completed in the first quarter of 2010. Upon completion, these developments will further strengthen the Group s recurring rental income base.
In Macau, for our Nova City project (of which the Group has a 50% interest), almost all the residential units of Phase I and II have been sold and construction of Phase III is well under way. The pre-sale of three blocks (out of four) of Phase III units was launched during the year with about 98% of them sold so far. In June 2007, the Group entered into a conditional agreement with a group company of one of the project joint venture partners to dispose of its 50% interest in the project as well as its interests in two related property management companies for a total consideration of HK$4,580 million in cash. The disposal, when completed, will enable the Group to capture the opportunity to early realize the value of its interests in the project and to secure a gain on disposal.
In the PRC, all the apartments and townhouses of Phase 1A of our Hopewell New Town project in Huadu, Guangzhou were completed and sold out. The development of Phase 1B is currently planned to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2008.
B e i n g a s o c i a l l y r e s p o n s i b l e a n d environmentally friendly company, we have formed a special team to study and implement a variety of green initiatives in our properties, including power saving and recycling. These initiatives will not only help to protect our environment, but will also help to control 
Th e Group s infrastructure business continued to achieve steady growth. During the year, to manage the increasing traffi c demand, we have spent much eff orts and resources on improving the traffic management of the expressways in operation. Resources have also been deployed to enhance the safety facilities, strengthen the patrol and rescue services aiming to improve emergency handling efficiency and minimize traffic congestion caused by traffic accidents.
As a result, the number of fatal in accidents had been substantially reduced. The joint venture agreement for Phase II of the Western Delta Route ( Phase II West ) was approved by the relevant authorities with equity injection for the joint venture commenced during the year, and the construction of the expressway is proceeding. Preparation for Phase III of the Western Delta Route ( Phase III West ) is under way and construction work will commence after obtaining approval from the relevant authorities. As reported in the media, feasibility studies on the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project have been substantially completed and the Central Government is highly supportive of the project. Hopewell Highway Infrastructure Limited ( HHI ), the Group s listed subsidiary, is confident that it will be in an advantageous position to assume an important role in this project once it proceeds to the tendering stage.
On 9th August, 2007, a wholly-owned subsidiary of HHI entered into an agreement with one of the joint venture partners of the Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road joint venture for the sale of its entire interest, including rights, duties and obligations in the Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road joint venture, for a consideration of RMB1,712.55 million.
Completion of the agreement is subject to approval of the transaction by the respective shareholders of the Company and HHI and the approval of the relevant PRC authorities within 180 days of the date of the agreement (or such other date as the parties may mutually agree).
Th e Group s hospitality business also continued to achieve healthy improvement. The Panda Hotel maintained an average room occupancy rate of about 84% level whereas the average room rate has increased slightly. For the proposed Mega Tower Hotel project, the Group s appeal against the Town Planning Board s rejection to the Group s planning application of 2004 is in process. Other alternatives in realizing the project are under review from time to time by the Group.
For the new power plant project in Heyuan City, Guangdong province, project approval of the 2 x 600 MW ultra super-critical coal-fired power plant project has been obtained and construction work of the project is in progress.
Commercial operation is presently planned to commence in 2009.
On the fi nancial side, the Group benefi ted from the continuing appreciation of Renminbi. Th e Group has net cash balances of about HK$5.8 billion (the Company : HK$1.9 billion; HHI : HK$3.9 billion) and undrawn banking facilities of HK$13.8 billion (the Company : HK$10.2 billion; HHI : HK$3.6 billion) as at the balance sheet date. This strong financial position enables us to capture any good investment opportunities in future.

Th e prospects for the global economy continue to be positive. Th e PRC is expected to continue its robust economic growth especially in the PRD region from which Hong Kong will continue to benefi t.
The Group s activities will remain focus on its three core businesses - Property, Infrastructure and Hospitality. The property business is expected to be an important growth driver.
The buoyant office and retail rental market in Hong Kong will provide us with a strong growth impetus. With the opening of EMax and completion of the QRE Plaza in the coming months, the Group s office and retail rental property portfolio will be strengthened. The other two new rental property projects in Hong Kong, which, upon completion in the next few years, will further strengthen the Group s investment portfolio of rental properties and thus enhance its recurring rental income base.
We will work to increase the revenue from our Hong Kong investment properties. Th e present target under planning is to have an over 50% increase in such revenue by financial year 201112. Th e Group currently plans to continue the development of Hopewell New Town in phases according to market demand, and to seek opportunities to improve its landbank for 
It is our view that the stable growth in traffi c fl ow and toll revenue and the increasing importance of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway and the Phase I of the Western Delta Route in the PRD expressway network will continue.
The construction work of Phase II West has been proceeding and is currently planned to be completed by end of 2009. Th e preparation work for project approval application of Phase III West 
W i t h H K $19 . 6 b i l l i o n o f c a s h a n d available banking facilities, the Group is on a very solid ground to capture future 
Change of Director Th e Board welcomes Mr. Yuk Keung IP joining the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 13th August, 2007. Mr. IP also serves as an independent non-executive director and a member of the audit committee of HHI with eff ect from the same date.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and contributions. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors, management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work. Their efforts are invaluable in contributing to the strong performance of the Group in the past year and for future years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 21st August, 2007 