CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The Company believes
that its strategic
expressway network
in the PRD region and
its property investment
portfolio will provide
sustainable results
and attractive yield
to the shareholders
of the Company
in the long run.

am pleased to report to shareholders
that Hopewell Holdings Limited and
its subsidiaries (the “Group”) achieved
satisfactory results for the financial year
ended 30 June 2009. The Group’s turnover
for the year rose 6% to HK$3,090 million while
the earnings before interest and tax increased
marginally to HK$1,899 million as compared
to last year. In the absence of substantial non-
recurring exceptional gains, profit attributable
to equity holders dropped 72% to HK$1,681
million from last year’s HK$5,979 million
(restated), the latter included exceptional
gains of HK$4,791 million. Basic earnings per
share was HK$1.90, representing a decrease of
71% over HK$6.66 (restated) of last year.

Final Dividend
The Board of Directors (the “Board”) has
proposed a final dividend of HK58 cents per
share in respect of the year ended 30 June
2009. Together with the interim dividend
of HK40 cents and an extraordinary special
interim dividend of 330 cents per share
already paid, total cash dividends for the year
will be HK428 cents per share, representing an
increase of 65% from last year’s HK260 cents
(which included special dividends in the total
of HK165 cents per share).

The Company also paid a non-cash special
interim dividend for the year, which was
effected by way of a distribution in specie of
shares in Hopewell Highway Infrastructure  
Limited (“HHI”). Eligible shareholders received
one ordinary share in HHI (“HHI Share”) for
every whole multiple of 10 ordinary shares
in the Company held by them. An aggregate
of 88,027,402 ordinary shares of HHI were
distributed to the eligible shareholders.
Based on the closing price of HHI Share as
traded on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited (“Stock Exchange”) on 31 March 2009
(the date of distribution of HHI Shares), the
aggregate market value of the HHI Shares
distributed to the eligible shareholders
was approximately HK$385 million, which
represents a distribution of approximately
HK43.7 cents per share of the Company.
Total dividends for this year comprise cash
dividends of HK428 cents per share and non-
cash special interim dividend by way of a
distribution in specie of HHI shares. Excluding
the extraordinary special interim dividend of
HK$3.3 per share and the non-cash special
interim dividend by way of distribution in
specie of shares, total dividends for this year
represents a 57% payout of net profits (before
effect of property revaluation gain).
Subject to approval of the shareholders at the
forthcoming annual general meeting to be
held on 13 October 2009, the proposed final
dividend will be paid on or about 14 October
2009 to shareholders as registered at the close
of business on 13 October 2009.
Closure of Register
The Register of Members of the Company
will be closed from Wednesday, 7 October
2009 to Tuesday, 13 October 2009, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer
of shares of the Company will be effected.
In order to qualify for the proposed final
dividend, all transfers accompanied by the
relevant share certificates must be lodged
with the Company’s Registrar, Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops
1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not
later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 6
October 2009.
Business Review
During the year under review, the financial
tsunami originated in 2007 from the United
States of America continued to affect the
global economy and resulted in the collapse
of global stock markets in September 2008
and the world-wide credit crunch in first
half of 2009. The economies of The People’s
Republic of China (“PRC”) and Hong Kong
have inevitably been affected. Nonetheless,
the PRC Central Government has adopted a
series of measures to tackle the difficulties
brought along by the financial crisis, including
a proactive fiscal policy, a moderately loose
monetary policy and a stimulus package in
the order of RMB4 trillion. These measures
have obtained initial success.

The economic growth of the Pearl River Delta
(“PRD”) region slowed down with a year-on-
year growth rate in gross domestic product
of about 10% for 2008. As the liberalization
measures under the Mainland and Hong Kong
Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement
(the “CEPA”) deepen, the economic
integration of Hong Kong and the PRD region
continues to accelerate. The economy of
Hong Kong benefits from the integration and
remains strong as evidenced in its robust
domestic demand.
Properties — rental
The performance of the Group’s investment
properties remained strong for the year, with
occupancy maintained at a high level while
rental rates held strong. The total revenue
from the Group’s rental property business
in Hong Kong achieved a growth of 14%
as compared to last year, even though the
spot rent experienced a mild downward
adjustment in the last quarter of the financial
year. The average occupancy rate of Hopewell
Centre, the Group’s flagship property,
remained at a high level of about 93%. Several
shops in Wu Chung House were acquired,
further expanding the Group’s portfolio in
the area. During the year, the completion of
GardenEast not only brought additional rental
revenue, but also synergy to the Group’s
investment portfolio of retail properties in the
Wanchai district. On Kowloon side, the rise
in overall occupancy rate of the Hongkong International Trade and Exhibition Centre
(“HITEC”) boosted its rental revenue for the
year by 18% when compared to last year.
Within the Group, the hospitality business was
the most affected by the global financial crisis
and the human swine influenza during the
year, as well as the new PRC policy forbidding
travel agencies from offering tour packages
below cost. The average room occupancy rate
of the Panda Hotel dropped slightly to 80% for
the year. The total revenue of the Panda Hotel
slightly decreased by 3% for the year, partly
offset by the significant improvement in the
banquet business which recorded a growth of
29%.
Properties — development
Hopewell Centre II: It has been 15 years since
the Company’s original plan for the Hopewell
Centre II project was officially approved.
After various rounds of consultation and
internal review, the Company announced its
revised plan in November 2008. This revised
plan strikes a balance between economic
development and environmental protection,
under which the total number of storeys,
floor area and hotel rooms have been
drastically reduced while the original size
of the green park and the scale of the road
improvement works has remained intact and
undiminished. This fully demonstrated the
Company’s commitment to building Wanchai
a sustainable and modern business district.
Significant economic benefits will cascade
from the project. At a cost of about HK$5
billion, it will usher in a revitalized Wanchai,
creating over 4,000 jobs of different nature,
during and after the construction period. The
Company is committed to the project and will
continue to drive it forward with an aim for
completion in 2016.
Lee Tung Street Project: The Group has
formed a joint venture project with Sino
Land Company Limited (“Sino”) which
has successfully won the bid for the
redevelopment of Lee Tung Street and
McGregor Street (commonly called the “Lee
Tung Street Project”), under Hong Kong’s
urban renewal plan administered by the
Urban Renewal Authority (“URA”). Majority
of the project is high-grade residential
towers located in prime area which is linked
by subway to the Wanchai MTR Station.
Construction is planned to commence by the
end of 2009.
Hopewell Centre II and the Lee Tung Street
Project, are also expected to bring synergy
with the Company’s existing properties in
Wanchai including Hopewell Centre, QRE
Plaza and GardenEast.
Hopewell New Town in Huadu: The residential
property market in the PRC, including
Guangzhou, has rebounded significantly since
the downturn in 2008. With the more relaxed
mortgage policy of PRC banks toward first
time buyers and the improvement in general
economic environment, the sentiment in PRC
residential property market stays positive.
The prospects of sale of residential units of
Hopewell New Town in Huadu, due for sale in
the fourth quarter of 2009, are brightening.
12 Broadwood Road: The superstructure
work of 12 Broadwood Road, Happy Valley, a
luxurious residential property development, is
progressing ahead of schedule. It is currently
planned to be completed in the second
quarter of 2010.
Infrastructure
As for toll road business, the earnings before
interest and tax for the year increased by 8%
while the profit attributable to shareholders
decreased by 47% as compared to last year,
mainly due to the inclusion of the non-
recurring gain on disposal of the Group’s
interests in the Guangzhou East-South-West
Ring Road (“ESW Ring Road”) and exchange
gain from appreciation of Renminbi in
last year’s results. During the year, it was
announced that the estimated total amount
of investment for Phase II and Phase III of the
Western Delta Route (“Phase II West” and
“Phase III West” respectively) will be increased
to RMB12.8 billion and the contribution of
registered capital by HHI will be increased by
the total amount of approximately RMB812
million, subject to the approval by the
relevant PRC authorities. The construction of
Phase II West remains on track and is planned
to be completed by the end of June 2010.
Application for project approval of Phase
III West was made. Depending upon the
approval progress, it is currently planned to
commence the construction of Phase III West
in 2010 with completion in approximately 3 to
4 years.
With the continuous growth in car ownership
in Guangdong, traffic and toll revenue of
Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway (“GS
Superhighway”) from Class 1 small cars rose to
a historical high since the opening of the GS
Superhighway. Although the export sector in
Guangdong was hit hard in the fourth quarter
of 2008, there were signs that its impact on
the traffic and toll revenue from Classes 4 and
5 commercial vehicles had stabilized after a
drop in the first quarter of 2009.
The first unit of the ultra super-critical coal-
fired power plant project in Heyuan City,
Guangdong Province (“Heyuan Power Plant”)
commenced commercial operation in January
2009, with total electricity of 1,134GWh
generated in the first half of 2009. The second
unit has also commenced operation in August
2009. The project is expected to generate
cleaner energy to Guangdong Province as
well as satisfactory results for the Group.
Being part of our corporate social
responsibility initiatives, the various green
measures implemented for the Group’s
properties have produced good results for the
year, including the significant energy savings
after the installation of water cooled chillers
in the Group’s core buildings. In March 2009,
Hopewell Centre has been qualified as “Good
Energy Performance” under the Hong Kong
Energy Efficiency Registration Scheme for
Building administered by the Electrical and
Mechanical Services Department of the Hong
Kong Government.
As at the balance sheet date, the Group had
no outstanding corporate debt and cash
balances of about HK$5.3 billion (the Group
(other than HHI subgroup) : HK$2.5 billion;
HHI subgroup : HK$2.8 billion) and available
committed banking facilities of HK$17.0
billion (the Group (other than HHI subgroup) :
HK$13.4 billion; HHI subgroup : HK$3.6 billion).
This strong financial position enables us to
capture any good investment opportunities in
future.
Prospects
The last few months of 2008 saw the worst
decline in the world economic environment
since the end of World War II. With conscious
and forceful efforts taken by the governments
of major countries, there are signs of
stabilization throughout the world. The
economic growth rate of PRC remains high
among developing countries. Furthermore,
the swift policy reactions and proactive
stimulative measures put in place by the PRC
government to reform the economic structure
and to maintain the economic growth of
the country will help ensure the sustainable
development of the economy in the long run.
Growth of the property business comes
from facility upgrading and expansion of
the portfolio through new projects. Besides
the planned completion of the luxurious
residential rental property development at 12
Broadwood Road in second quarter of 2010,
the Hopewell Centre II project and the Lee
Tung Street Project allow the Group to benefit
from the revitalization of Wanchai. Upon the
completion of Hopewell Centre II, the Group’s
property and hospitality operations will be
expanded significantly.
With the completion of the Phase II West,
the total length of the toll expressway in
operation will be increased by about one-
third, thus the recurring income base of
the infrastructure business will be further
enhanced. It is currently targeted that
breakeven in cash flow would be achieved
for the first year’s operation of Phase II West.
Further integration between Hong Kong
and Guangdong will see freer cross-border
vehicular traffic flow, enhancing the potential
road users on the highway system.
As to the power business, the second unit
of the Heyuan Power Plant has commenced
operation in August 2009. Upon full operation,
the Heyuan Power Plant is targeted to
generate satisfactory return to the Group. In
view of the consistent and strong demand for
clean renewable electricity power, the Group
is also actively developing its own technology
for large-scale wind turbines. The Company
believes that the power industry will continue
to benefit from the steadily growing demand
for electricity in the PRC as a whole.
Following the announcement of a series of
urban integration agreements by Guangzhou
and neighbouring Foshan City and the
further liberalization measures under the
CEPA, the pace of economic integration of
the PRD region, Hong Kong and Macau will
continue to accelerate. This will foster the
economic development of the PRD region as
well as Hong Kong and the Group’s focused
investment within such regions will benefit.
The Company believes that its strategic
expressway network in the PRD region and
its property investment portfolio will provide
sustainable results and attractive yield to the
shareholders of the Company in the long run.
Change of Director
Ir. Leo Kwok Kee LEUNG was appointed a Non-
Executive Director of the Company with effect
from 1 July 2009. He has resigned from the
board of directors of HHI on the same day.
Acknowledgement
I would like to take this opportunity to thank
our shareholders, customers, suppliers
and business partners for their continuous
support and contribution. I would also like to
express my gratitude to my fellow directors,
management team and all staff members for
their loyalty, support and hard work. Their
efforts are invaluable in contributing to the
strong performance of the Group in the past
year and for future years to come.