CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I AM PLEASED to report to shareholders that the Group achieved satisfactory results for the financial year ended 30 June 2010. Its revenue in this year amounted to HK$4,382 million, which was 42% higher than that for the previous year. The increased revenue was mainly due to the commencement of full operations of Heyuan power plant in August 2009, as well as the sale of residential units of Hopewell new Town in Huadu. The Group s earnings before interest and tax (before any fair value gains on investment properties) rose by 11% to HK$1,546 million. Taking into account the fair value gain on the completion of Broadwood Twelve of HK$2,238 million as well as the change in fair value of completed investment properties of HK$1,549 million and tax, the profit attributable to owners of the Company soared by 151% to HK$4,223 million. As a result, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$4.81, a 153% increase on the previous year s HK$1.90.

profit from the Group s prime-earning 
toll road operations, 
hotel and hospitality, exceeds HK$1 billion.

The Board of Directors (the Board ) has proposed a final dividend of HK54 cents per ordinary share for the year ended 30 June 2010. Together with an interim dividend of HK45 cents per ordinary share that has already been paid, the total cash dividends for the year will amount to HK99 cents per ordinary share. This represents a decrease of 77% on last year s total cash dividends of HK428 cents, which included an extraordinary special interim dividend of HK330 cents per ordinary share. However, if last year s extraordinary special interim dividend is excluded from the calculation, the Company s total cash dividends for the year under review will be 1% higher than the previous year s. They will also represent a payout ratio of 30% of the Group s profit attributable to owners of the Company excluding revaluation gain of completed investment properties or a payout of 82% if revaluation gain of all investment properties are excluded.
The Company also paid a non-cash special interim dividend last year in the form of an in specie distribution of shares in HHI. Eligible shareholders received one ordinary share of HHI for every complete multiple of 10 ordinary shares that they held in the Company. A total of 88,027,402 ordinary shares of HHI with a combined market value of approximately HK$385 million on 31 March 2009 were distributed in this way.
The proposed final dividend, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general meeting to be held on 20 october 2010, will be paid on 21 october 2010 to shareholders who were registered at the close of business on 20 october 
Closure of Register The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 13 october 2010 to Wednesday, 20 october 2010, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. To qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 12 october 2010.

The world economic environment remained quite volatile during the year under review. While the impact of the global financial tsunami gradually subsided in the second half of 2009, the downgrading of the sovereign debt of certain European union member states in the first half of 2010 created uncertainties in the world s financial markets and threatened to jeopardise the global economic recovery.
Despite the global economic uncertainties, the pRC government s stimulus measures caused the country s annualised GDp growth rate above 10% during the first and second quarters of 2010. Both imports and exports continued to rebound, and the car manufacturing and sales sectors benefited from the stimulus policies. The number of car owners in the pRC has risen rapidly, and their greater geographical mobility has led to a resurgence of the transportation industry in the pRD. The volume of road users, especially private cars, has likewise grown sharply.
At the same time, a surge in the number of new investments in fixed assets and burgeoning domestic consumption have added fresh impetus to the pRD s and Hong Kong s equity and property markets. Broad-based recovery of the Hong Kong economy emerged at the beginning of 2010; intra-regional trade showed a resurgence, exports of services remained vibrant, inbound tourism surged on strong influx of visitor arrivals; unemployment rate remained relatively low. The Hong Kong economy rode the downturn relatively unscathed when compared to the rest of the developed world. Although a sharp correction in stock prices was seen in the last quarter of the financial year, the property market remained buoyant. Hong Kong s residential property market fully recovered to its level before the global financial crisis during the year, as investors including many from mainland China took advantage of low interest rates to snap up luxury flats in the city, thereby driving their prices up to new heights. The Central Government and the Hong Kong Government have both been taking steps to cool down the property market in response to this rally, which was driven by an influx of liquidity.
Generally speaking, the Group s property and infrastructure businesses benefited from the fast-paced economic recovery and development in the pRD and Hong Kong during the past year.

Residential units of Hopewell new Town in Huadu, with a plot ratio gross floor area of 54,000 square metres of Hopewell new Town in Huadu were sold and booked during the year under review. Their selling prices ranged from approximately RMB5,000 to RMB8,000 per square metre, depending on the type of unit and phase it was located in. Completed areas with a plot ratio gross floor area of 16,000 square metres were also on hand, as of 30 June 2010.
In May 2010, the Group decided to sell the luxury residential units at Broadwood Twelve, instead of holding them for rental as originally planned. This was due to the prevailing conditions in the property market, particularly the surge in demand for and selling prices of luxury residential units, as well as the trends in rental yields. The fair value increment for the year that was attributable to the completion of this development amounted to HK$2,238 million. As of 30 June 2010, seven of the 76 units at Broadwood Twelve had been sold at an average price of HK$24,163 per square foot, based on the gross floor area as disclosed in the sales brochure.

The Group s investment properties continued to perform strongly with its total rental revenue growing by 9% in year-on-year terms. This was partly attributable to the synergy achieved by its retail properties, particularly QRE plaza under The East . The five-year compound annual growth rate of revenue and EBIT of investment properties for financial year 2006 to 2010 were 16% and 19% respectively. The average occupancy rate of QRE plaza and GardenEast both climbed to 88%, while that of Hopewell Centre, the Group s flagship property, dipped slightly to about 87%. Similarly, the average occupancy rate of EMax at HITEC increased to 93%, while that of the office portion slipped to 81%. Even though Hong Kong s office rental market remained subdued, the performance of our retail property rental sector was significantly better than the previous year, due to the strong spending power of mainland tourists.

The revenue of the Group s toll road business increased by about 7% in year-on- year terms, while the average daily traffic on both the GS Superhighway and phase I West recorded a healthy growth. The number of Class 1 small cars using these toll roads and the toll revenue derived from such vehicles increased steadily, reflecting the rapid growth in private car ownership resulting from the greater purchasing power of Guangdong residents. on the other hand, the number of Classes 4 and 5 commercial vehicles (mainly trucks) and the toll revenue from these vehicles continued to recover as import and export traffic in the pRD region rebounded.
The step-up of the applicable pRC Enterprise Income Tax rate from year 2010 onwards and the decrease in interest income from bank deposits, more than offset the growth in revenues, and the profit attributable to owners of HHI for the year decreased by about 10%.
phase II of the Western Delta Route opened in June 2010 and its total cost of construction was approximately RMB7 billion, around 3% less than the budgeted cost. Its completion increased the total length of the toll expressway operated by the Group s JCEs by about one-third to around 180km. In addition, the pRC s national Development and Reform Commission approved phase III West in December 2009. Construction work on it began during the same month, and it is planned for completion by the end of 2013. The Group currently plans to invest approximately RMB5.6 billion in this project.
The acceleration of economic development on the western bank of the pRD, including the designation of Hengqin in Zhuhai as a State-level Strategic new Zone, and the expected completion of the HZM Bridge in 2015 will enable the integration of the economies and transportation networks of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau in the future. Vehicles will then be able to travel to and from cities on the western bank of the pRD along the Western Delta Route and via the HZM Bridge to Hong Kong. The Group believes that the Western Delta Route will benefit 
The Heyuan power plant contributed to the Group s profits during its first year of full operations, which commenced with the completion of unit 2 in August 2009.
The plant supplies electricity to Guangdong province, particularly Heyuan and Huizhou City. The completion of a new transmission line in July 2009 boosted the total amount of electricity generated and the combined average utilization rate during the year to approximately 5,800GWh and 59%, respectively.

over the years, the Company has made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of corporate sustainability. In recognition of this, the Company was chosen as a constituent stock of the new Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index, which was launched by the Hang Seng Index Company Limited on 26 July 2010.
The Company is among the 30 highest-rated companies in the sustainability assessment, which encompasses environmental, social and corporate governance performance, among the top 150 Hong Kong listed companies by market value. The Index serves as an important reference for members of the investment community and general public who wish to make socially responsible investments. The inclusion of the Company as part of the Index further validates our longstanding belief that encouraging the community s sustainable development is as important as promoting long-term business growth. We will continue to uphold this belief, and we will endeavour to enhance our performance in this area further in the 
Interest rates have recently begun to lift out of the trough in certain economies, and fears about the impact of the European sovereign debt crisis have been subsiding. Although uncertainties about the pace of the global economic recovery remain, consumption in the pRC which is still substantially undeveloped will continue to be the main driver of the country s relatively high economic growth during the coming years. nonetheless, the pRC s long-term sustainable economic development may depend a great deal on the restructuring and recovery of other sectors of the global economy.
As for Hong Kong, the integration of its economy and transportation network with those of mainland China, particularly the pRD region, will be of paramount importance to the city s long-term sustainable growth. The recent relaxation of restrictions on interbank transfers of RMB funds and on corporate RMB purchases are crucial steps for Hong Kong s development as the world s first offshore RMB centre, as well as its continued status as an international financial centre.
In July 2010, the Group s infrastructure arm, HHI, took the honour to become the first non-financial institution to issue RMB bonds in Hong Kong. The bond offering was well received by the market with 13 applications from institutional investors and a total subscription of RMB2.19 billion, achieving 2.19 times of the RMB1 billion target issue size. In response to the overwhelming market demand, HHI decided to increase the issue size to RMB1.38 billion. This marked a milestone in the internationalisation of RMB. Some of the funds so raised will be used for the capital injection in phase III West. The planned completion of the project in 2013 and of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge in 2015 will further enhance the pRD s highway network, and the opening of the Western Delta Route will serve as a platform for the long-term growth of the Group s toll road business.
A total of 10 units of Broadwood Twelve were sold up to 23 August 2010, generating aggregated proceeds of around HK$410 million. Considering this development s uniqueness, the Group will continue to make units available for sale in an orderly manner that will satisfy the market s demand. For Hopewell new Town project, most of the units scheduled for completion during the 201011 financial year, which will have a plot ratio gross floor area of 57,000 square metres, have already been sold. Those due for completion in the following financial year, with a total plot ratio gross floor area of 123,000 square metres, will be offered for pre-sale in phases in the near future.
As stated in the interim report, the Group has been enlarging, upgrading, and renovating its investment property portfolio in recent years, and it now consists of a total floor area of approximately 3.5 million square feet. The imminent construction of several major new property development projects, namely the Lee Tung Street project, Hopewell Centre II and the Liede Integrated Commercial project, encompassing an aggregate floor area of 4.4 million square feet, will substantially expand the Group s property and hospitality businesses in the next 
With annual operating profit of over HK$1 billion from the Group s prime- earning businesses, namely toll road operations, investment properties, hotel and hospitality, coupled with diverse financing sources, the Group is in an excellent position to implement its existing projects, as well as to identify and capture investment opportunities in the pRD region and beyond, in order to achieve sustainable future growth.
Retirement of Director At the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, Mr. Robert Van Jin nIEn shall retire from office pursuant to Article 103 of the Articles of Association of the Company. Mr. nIEn did not seek re-election after nearly 30 years directorship with the Company. However, he will remain as a consultant to the Company thereafter. I would like to thank Mr. nIEn for his invaluable contributions over the 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and contribution. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors, management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work. Their efforts are invaluable in contributing to the strong performance of the Group in the past year and for future years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 31 August 2010 