CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Since the aggregate annual distributable earnings from the prime-earning businesses now exceeds HK$1.2 billion, and with its diverse financing sources, the Group is in an excellent position to implement its existing projects, as well as to identify and capture investment opportunities in the PRD region and beyond, in order to achieve sustainable future growth.
I am pleased to report to shareholders that the Group achieved satisfactory results during the financial year ended 30 June 2011. The Group s revenue and earning before interest and tax (EBIT) of each of its prime-earning businesses recorded growth.
Its revenue for the year, including proceeds from sales of investment properties that had been held for sale (i.e. Broadwood Twelve) rose substantially to HK$6,973 million, 59% more than the previous year s figure. The increased revenue was mainly attributable to the sale of residential units at Broadwood Twelve, the growth in GS Superhighway and Phase II West s toll revenues, and revenue from Heyuan Power Plant. The Group s EBIT (and before any fair value gains on investment properties) rose by 20% to HK$1,855 million year-on-year. Owing to the significant fair value gain on completed investment properties of HK$4,395 million recorded for the year, the profit attributable to owners of the Company also rose by approximately 16% to HK$5,576 million. As a result, the Group s basic earnings per share amounted to HK$6.36, a 16% increase on the previous year s HK$5.50.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK58 cents per share plus a special final dividend of HK45 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2011.
Together with an interim dividend of HK45 cents per share that has already been paid, the total dividends for the year will amount to HK148 cents per share.
This represents an increase of 49% on the last financial year s total dividends of HK99 cents per share and a payout ratio of 107% of the Company s profit attributable to the owners of the Company, excluding the revaluation gain on completed investment properties, or a payout ratio of 56% if the net realised gain of approximately HK$1.1 billion on property sale of Broadwood Twelve recorded in FY10 was taken into account.

Subject to shareholders approval at the Annual General Meeting on 20 October 2011, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on 2 November 2011 to shareholders who were registered at the close of business on 26 
Closure of Register To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Wednesday, 26 October 2011, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 25 October 2011.
To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 October 2011, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 13 October 2011 to Thursday, 20 October 2011, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 12 October 2011.

During the year under review, the global economy remained fragile, with the pace of economic recovery uneven in different regions, and stagnant in some. Despite various quantitative easing measures, the United States economy has not yet started to rebound. The contagious sovereign debt crisis among member countries of the European Union has put intense pressure on the interest rate spreads of sovereign debt. Although substantial steps have been taken to address this crisis, the successful implementation of long-term plans to reform tax and fiscal policies in the region still has a long way to go. In Asia, efforts to curb inflation which is being driven by the strength of emerging economies and abundant global liquidity have hampered growth to a certain extent.
The PRC s economic and financial strength, its increasing share of global GDP and its rising credit quality and currency have combined to create a strong case for long-term investment in its assets. Increasing investment in fixed assets and burgeoning domestic consumption continue to drive China s property and financial markets.
Despite various measures to curb soaring inflation and tighten credit, China s second-quarter GDP rose by 9.5% year-on-year, compared with 9.7% in the first quarter. Both imports and exports maintained their strong growth, boosting the Pearl River Delta region s transportation industry.
The integration of its economy and transportation network with those of Mainland China has benefited the Hong Kong economy, and its real GDP grew at the fastest pace for several years. Strong local retail spending and an influx of visitor arrivals continued to underpin this growth, which was further backed by an improvement in the labour market. However, the export sector was hindered to a certain extent by the slow recovery of developed economies.
The booming property market has eased slightly since the Hong Kong Government introduced extra restrictions on mortgages for non-local purchasers.
Nonetheless, many affluent investors and end-users are taking advantage of low interest rates to snap up luxury flats.
The Group s property and infrastructure businesses continued to benefit from the fast-paced economic recovery and development seen in the PRD region and Hong Kong during the past year.

In May 2010, the Group decided to sell the luxury residential units at Broadwood Twelve, instead of holding them for rental as originally planned. As of 30 June 2011, 41 units or 54% of Broadwood Twelve s 76 units had been sold at an average price of around HK$25,000 per square foot (based on gross floor area as disclosed in the marketing brochure). Of these 41 units sold, 36 units were booked during this year. The net realised profit attributable to the residential units and car-parking spaces sold and booked up to 30 June 2011, including fair value gains booked in FY10 and the year under review, amounted to approximately 
A number of residential units at Hopewell New Town in Huadu were also sold and booked during the year under review. These had a plot ratio gross floor area (GFA) of approximately 57,000 square metres, of which the average selling price of the apartments amounted to around RMB6,200 per square metre for FY11, whilst it reached around RMB7,000 per square metre in the second quarter of 2011. Only a few completed residential units remained unsold as of 30 June 2011. Subsequent to the year end, the Group has fully pre-sold 40 townhouses, which have been put up for pre-sale starting July 2011, at the average selling price of about RMB20,000 per square metre.

Robust demand for office and retail space in Hong Kong continued to support the strong performance of the Group s investment properties. The total rental revenue derived from these grew by 8% year- on-year. The EBIT of the property letting, agency and management business for the financial year reached HK$400 million. The five-year compound annual growth rates for the revenue and EBIT of investment properties between FY07 and FY11 were 14% and 18% respectively.
In terms of average occupancy rates, GardenEast recorded the most significant increase among all the Group s properties, rising to 96%. Meanwhile, KITEC E-Max and GardenEast achieved the best performance in the Group s portfolio in terms of the growth in their average rental rate.

The steady increase in private car ownership has resulted in a rise in the number of Class 1 small cars using our toll roads in the PRD region, and the revenue derived from such vehicles. On the other hand, the number of Class 4 and 5 commercial trucks and toll revenue derived from them continued to recover as import and export traffic in the PRD 
The continuous increase in traffic of GS Superhighway and the opening of Phase II of the Western Delta Route in June 2010 were the main contributing factors to the significant growth in the revenue of the Group s toll road business, which was up by about 17% year-on-year to HK$2,275 million.
The average daily toll revenue of Phase II West grew by 85% between July 2010 and July 2011. The combined revenue from Phase I West and Phase II West accounted for about 11% of the total revenue from the Group s entire toll road business during the 
The Enterprise Income Tax rate applicable to both GS Superhighway and Phase I West rose to 24%, effective from 1 January 2011. Taking this into account, and also the net exchange gain resulting from the Renminbi s appreciation, the EBIT of toll road business (after interest and tax of JCEs) for the year increased by about 3% to HK$1,065 million.
Construction work on Phase III of the Western Delta Route is making good progress, and it is planned for completion in the first half of 2013. The Group currently plans to invest approximately RMB5.6 billion in this project. This will be funded partly by proceeds raised through its issues of RMB bonds valued at RMB1.38 billion in July 2010 and RMB0.6 billion in May 2011.
The Group s revenue and earning before interest and tax of each of its 
The Group s property and 
continued to benefit from the fast-paced economic recovery and development seen in the PRD region and Hong Kong during the 
Heyuan Power Plant s total revenue at joint venture level rose by 40% to RMB3,261 million while the amount of electricity it generated increased by about 40% to approximately 8,100GWh. The plant s utilisation rate during the year reached 77%. However, due to escalating coal prices, the attributable share of the plant s EBIT for the year increased by only 4% to HK$123 million.

To demonstrate our commitment to transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders, the Company will issue its first independent Sustainability Report according to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) sustainability framework this year. This report, with only online version to be made available on the website of the Company, will present the company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the FY11 and cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impacts arising from the activities of the Group and its JCEs.

The scope of the European sovereign debt crisis will probably continue to spread and create financial tensions in the Euro zone. However, substantial steps to resolve it have already been put in place.
The recent downgrade of US sovereign debt by the Standard & Poor s and the weak performance of the US economy may help to build momentum for other measures aimed at boosting employment and an extension of the current tax relief. These will probably be coupled with further quantitative easing. Even so, uncertainty about any changes in the policies of either the European Union or United States are likely to heighten the risk factors in the 
The emerging economies are set to become the main engines of global growth. Although the PRC s Central Government has taken macro-economic measures to tighten credit and curb the recent rapid increases in food and commodity prices, they will only serve to slow down the overall pace of growth.
To demonstrate our commitment to transparency and accountability towards our stakeholders, the Company will issue its first 
Report according to the Global Reporting Initiative 
Consumption in the PRC which is still considerably undeveloped will continue to fuel relatively rapid economic expansion in the coming years.
In Hong Kong, inflationary pressures have been increasing in line with the economic upswing.
Increasing rental costs, particularly private housing rentals, in the course of the past year will also flow through to the consumer price indices.
Following the success of its first RMB bond issue in July 2010, HHI, the Group s infrastructure arm, conducted a second one in May 2011. Some of its total proceeds of RMB1,980 million will be used for a capital injection or shareholder s loans to Phase III West. The project s completion planned for first half of 2013 and the opening of the Hong Kong- Zhuhai-Macau Bridge in 2016 will further enhance the PRD region s highway network. Meanwhile, the opening of all three phases of the Western Delta Route will serve as a platform for the long-term growth of the Group s toll road business.
A total of 45 residential units at Broadwood Twelve had been sold up to 22 August 2011, leaving only 31 units available for sale. The average price of the units sold was around HK$25,200 per square foot (based on gross floor area as disclosed in the marketing brochure). Considering this development s uniqueness, the Group will continue to make units available for sale in an orderly manner, so as to satisfy the market s demand. Pre-sale of the Hopewell New Town units target to be completed in FY12 has been scheduled for the first half of that year. They will have a total plot ratio GFA of 58,000 square metres. Pre-sale of townhouses, which commenced in July 2011, has received encouraging market response. The remaining area to be developed in Hopewell New Town accounts for more than 70% of the entire development in terms of plot ratio GFA. It will be completed and offered for pre-sale in future years, in accordance with the 
As stated in last year s report, the Group has been enlarging, upgrading, and renovating its investment property portfolio during recent years. The portfolio currently has a total floor area of approximately 3.5 million square feet. Construction of the Lee Tung Street Project is making good progress, while that of both Hopewell Centre II and the Liede Integrated Commercial Project will commence in due course.
These three projects will substantially expand the Group s property and hospitality businesses in the 
Since the aggregate annual distributable earnings from the prime-earning businesses now exceeds HK$1.2 billion, and with its diverse financing sources, the Group is in an excellent position to implement its existing projects, as well as to identify and capture investment opportunities in the PRD region and beyond, in order to achieve sustainable 
Changes of Director Mr. Lee Yick NAM resigned as an Independent Non- Executive Director of the Company with effect from 14 May 2011. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. NAM for his valuable contribution to the Company during his tenure of office.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuous support and efforts. In addition, I would also like to express my gratitude to the Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their loyalty, support and hard work.
Their contributions have been indispensible for the Group s strong performance during the past year, and its prospects for the years to come.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 25 August 2011 