Chairman s Statement We remain cautiously optimistic and see opportunities in the recent moderation of market growth. We intend to deploy more funds to expand our investment portfolio and our core 
I am pleased to report that the Group achieved much better results for the financial year ended 30 June 2010.
Overall, all our four core businesses did better despite experiencing different challenges in their particular geographies.
In the first half of the financial year, equity markets rebounded strongly. This was however dampened by uncertainties in the second half of the year resulting from the weaknesses in macro- economic data in the U.S., increased worries over sovereign debt issues in certain European countries, and tightening measures taken by China to 
A m i d s t t h i s v o l a t i l e a n d c h a l l e n g i n g o p e r a t i n g environment, our subsidiaries and associates produced better results. GuocoLand Limited ( GuocoLand ) was able to take advantage of the economic recovery in Singapore during the first half of the year to launch new sales. In Malaysia, market consolidation provided new investment opportunities for Hong Leong Financial Group ( HLFG ). GuocoLeisure Limited 
in the U.K. to trim its costs.
During the year, GuocoLeisure s hospitality business extended its presence into China. The Principal Investment business continued to maintain a prudent management market approach in view of the uncertainties still prevailing in the economies of the major countries. The Division made higher profit than the 
T h e c o n s o l i d a t e d p r o f i t attributable to shareholders, after taxation and non-controlling interests for the year was HK$2,831 million, representing an increase of 495% compared to the previous year.
The directors are recommending a final dividend of HK$2.00 per share at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.80 per share already paid, the total dividend for the year would be HK$2.80 per share, representing an increase of 40% over the 
Backed by the massive monetary and fiscal stimuli, global markets experienced a broad rebound.
However, concerns over the sustainability of fiscal positions in some countries persisted.
This was aggravated by rising fears of a double dip in some of the leading economies. Selling pressure in equities was seen towards the end of our financial year. We see corrections in markets as an opportunity to accumulate good investments.
Market volatility also offers 
Our treasury team continued to adopt a balanced policy i n m a n a g i n g o u r f o re i g n currency assets. Amidst a global environment of low interest rate and volatile foreign exchange markets we have done 
Property Development and 
On the back of the swift turnaround in property prices in Singapore and China, GuocoLand was able to lock in sales in these countries with a commendable turnover of S$732.8 million for the year.
GuocoLand looks to grow its property business by expanding its footprint in the countries where it operates. In Singapore, GuocoLand is an award- winning developer of eco-friendly projects, having to-date achieved coveted awards from the Building Construction Authority for its Goodwood Residence, Sophia Residence, The Waterline, Elliot at the East Coast and The Quartz. Large-scale integrated projects of GuocoLand with residential apartments, hotel, office and retail space in China are ongoing. Iconic integrated developments include the Guoson Centre " Changfeng in Shanghai and the Guoson Centre " Dongzhimen in Beijing, Damansara CITY in Kuala Lumpur and The Canary in Binh Duong Province, near Ho Chi Minh City.
The hotel and retail components will result in sustainable recurring income and create new business opportunities for GuocoLand.
The hotel component offers synergistic collaboration between GuocoLand and GuocoLeisure.
The 5-star Guoman Hotel S h a n g h a i , m a n a g e d b y GuocoLeisure opened for business in July 2010.
Guoson Centre (Beijing and Shanghai) in April 2010 won the five-star Best Mixed Use Development in China award in the International Property Awards competition which is recognised by property professionals as one of the world s most prestigious competitions. Guoson Centre is also the winner of Best Mixed Use Development in the Asia Pacific region. This is the first time a Chinese development has won such a regional award and is a recognition of GuocoLand s successful transformation into a developer of high quality 
GuocoLand will continue to look to acquire well-located land within its embedded markets for large-scale residential projects and integrated mixed 
will also continue to work towards increasing its product competitiveness by adopting good building design practices to achieve environmental and innovative building excellence.
It will focus on strengthening its balance sheet and cash flow to take on large-scale developments when opportunities arise.
Hospitality and Leisure 
T h i s f i n a n c i a l y e a r w a s another challenging year for GuocoLeisure. The London hotel and leisure industry was slowly picking up after the economic downturn as business activity and travel into the London area gathered pace. The volcanic eruption in Iceland which affected air-travel in parts of Europe and caused the closure of UK airports also affected GuocoLeisure.
GuocoLeisure posted improved results which were achieved on the back of costs savings through careful streamlining of processes. Guoman Hotels Limited ( Guoman Hotels ) has embarked on an ambitious plan to deliver better results to be achieved through better rates management and improved food and beverage offerings, and growing its corporate and international business as well as increased brand marketing.
Guoman Hotels will continue to invest to refurbish some of its signature UK hotels.
The successful launch of a new hotel in Shanghai under the Guoman brand and two refurbished hotels in Malaysia under the Thistle brand serve as the launch pad of Guoman Hotels to grow its international brand in 
Clermont Leisure (UK) Limited ( CLUK ) continued to invest and upgrade its product offerings through facility enhancements and improved customer services.
C L U K h a s b e e n a c t i v e l y strengthening its marketing efforts, particularly to attract more high quality international 
GuocoLeisure is confident that the affirmative action programmes which are being implemented to grow the hotel and gaming businesses, would drive the growth of the group in the near term. Also, the current economic environment may present acquisition opportunities 
We have also over the recent years accumulated a significant strategic interest in The Rank Group Plc ( Rank ), a leading European gaming and betting company, headquartered in Great Britain and listed on the London Stock Exchange. We now have two representatives from the Group on the board of Rank since April 2010. Following this, Rank is treated as an associate for accounting purposes. We look forward to working more closely with the management of Rank.

HLFG continued to make significant progress. It has built upon the successes of its core businesses and has taken tangible steps to grow its business through mergers and 
One of the significant milestones is the proposed strategic partnership between HLA Holdings and Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group ( MSI ) of Japan involving the general and life insurance businesses in Malaysia of the two groups. The strategic partnership will create the second largest general insurance company by gross written premium in Malaysia and enable Hong Leong Assurance Berhad ( HLA ) to leverage on MSI s strength in marketing, distribution and product innovations in developing its life business.
Hong Leong Bank Berhad ( HLB ) has also made an offer to acquire the entire assets and liabilities of another banking group, EON Capital Berhad. The acquisition, if successful, would lead to the creation of a stronger merged entity in the increasingly competitive banking and financial services sector in Malaysia.
HLB entered into a joint venture with Bank of Chengdu Co., Ltd ( BOCD ) to form a joint venture company known as Sichuan Jincheng Consumer Finance Limited Liability Company in Chengdu to increase exposure to the growing consumer finance market in that region. HLB will continue to work with BOCD in which it has a twenty percent interest to identify synergistic opportunities to tap into the financial markets of Chengdu and other areas of Sichuan province.
These corporate exercises undertaken by HLB and HLA will enable HLFG to transform itself not only into a much bigger domestic player but also in the region. With solid vision, strong work ethics, strict financial discipline, and an entrepreneurial spirit, HLFG is confident of further enhancing its position as a leading integrated financial 
I view human resources as an invaluable asset as it has been proven time and time again that well trained and motivated staff makes a vital difference for the success of any organization. We will continue to develop staff competencies and capabilities and to implement programmes to spot, nurture, retain and promote talent within the Group.

Concern remains as to whether some important economies will see a renewed contraction.
With continued accommodative government policies and near- zero interest rates, we believe that a double-dip is not likely. We remain cautiously optimistic and see opportunities in the recent moderation of market growth. We intend to deploy more funds to expand our investment portfolio and our core businesses.

As always I am grateful to my fellow directors for their counsel and guidance. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my appreciation to the staff for their dedication and commitment and to our shareholders, bankers and customers for their support.
I am pleased to note that this year the Company has become one of the top ten donors to The Community Chest of Hong Kong. This honour was achieved through the donation of the Company and the increased participation in charity functions by Group staff and one of our Board members raising funds for the needy earning him the Top Individual Fund Raiser Award, for the third year running in The Community Chest Hong Kong & Kowloon Walks for Millions. The Company was also presented the prestigious President s Award and the Platinum Award for Corporate & Employee Contribution Programme both for the fourth consecutive year in recognition of our continuous commitment towards community development. Quek Leng Chan 
27 August 2010 