CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present our annual report for the financial year ended 30 June 2014.

Underpinned by prevailing low interest rates, abundant liquidity and gradual recovery in global growth, leading stock markets continued to go higher in the twelve months to June 2014. The US and Europe led the rallies with double-digit gains while emerging markets recovered some of their losses from the preceding year. In China, there were ongoing concerns on their banking system and property market but the situation improved after a number of policy relaxation and mini-stimulus measures were introduced by the government.
Against this backdrop our core businesses of the Group had made steady progress. We are able to report a fair set of results across various market environments under which the Group operated.

The Group s consolidated profit attributable to equity shareholders for the financial year 201314, after taxation and non-controlling interests, amounted to HK$5.8 billion, as compared to HK$6.3 billion for the previous year. This was achieved with substantial contributions from Principal Investment together with higher profit contributions this year from the Group s other core businesses.
In addition to the interim dividend of HK$1.00 per share already paid, the directors will be recommending a final dividend of HK$3.00 per share (2013: HK$1.50 per share) at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This gives a total dividend of HK$4.00 per share, keeping intact a healthy dividend pay-out track record over the years.

With major central banks maintaining an accommodative bias and expectations by investors that interest rates would not be raised soon, a number of global stock indices reached or traded near their all-time highs by the end of our financial year. Our investment activities performed well on the back of the favourable economic environment in the major economies and we took timely opportunity of these rallies to realise profits for the year. The better result was also contributed by our investments held as at 30 June 2014 which were subject to 
Stock prices in developed countries have been making steady and mostly uninterrupted gains since the end of the financial crisis. While supported by low interest rate policies and improving fundamentals, some price correction in the future would appear inevitable due to higher valuations. Results at reported dates for our investment will remain dependent on market conditions, and performance may vary due to short-term fair value price movements and marked-to-market valuations at that time.
Each of our core businesses will continue respectively to focus on building a high performance business and strengthening the foundations for sustainable profitability and growth, and in the process to enhance our capital value.
Property Development and Investment 
GuocoLand faced a challenging operating environment as property price-curb measures imposed in its principal markets in Singapore and China persisted during the financial year. Nevertheless, GuocoLand carried on with the execution of its current projects and made good progress on construction and monetisation of its development projects. During the financial year, temporary occupation permits were received for Sophia Residence in Singapore; and Seasons Park, GuocoLand s first residential project in Tianjin, China. GuocoLand also continued to sell units at Goodwood Residence in Singapore, which was completed in June 2013. Recognition of profits from Singapore projects and Seasons Park contributed significantly to its improved operating results for the year.
GuocoLand is working full steam ahead for the construction of its two iconic projects namely Tanjong Pagar Centre in Singapore, and Damansara City in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Both are large-scale integrated mixed use developments comprising office, retail, residential and hotel spaces. When completed, they would be landmarks in these two capital cities. Tanjong Pagar Centre will have the tallest building in Singapore at 290 metres.
For its development inventories, GuocoLand will launch sales at opportune times to achieve the projected pricing. GuocoLand will pursue strategies to grow its investment properties portfolio for recurring revenue streams with appropriate gearing to match.
Hospitality and Leisure Businesses 
The transformation of GuocoLeisure s hospitality business is on track with the delivery of key initiatives during the financial year. glh saw the launch of 3 new brands Clermont, a global luxury hotel and private residences; Amba, a global four-star hotel portfolio; and every, a four-star, limited-feature category hotel with focus on 
glh has taken an entrepreneurial approach to general management, aimed at driving up customer services standard and profit across the whole business. The new model gives autonomy to the general management teams at the individual hotels to realize their entrepreneurial potential as hoteliers. During the financial year, glh succeeded with vast improvements in customer satisfaction. This resulted in all of its London-based hotels enjoying significant improvements in Trip Advisor rankings, with 9 hotels moving up more than 100 places compared to 18 months ago. We anticipate solid returns from the investment of glh s transformation plan.
GuocoLeisure continues to enjoy cash-flow and profit derived from oil production royalties from the Bass Straits.
The Rank Group Plc Rank is one of the few gaming companies in a position to offer customers a genuine multi-channel gaming experience. It has a number of key assets, including a portfolio of more than 160 venues with membership systems cum reward programmes offering high levels of customer engagement.
Integration of the acquired Gala casinos had been completed on budget and on time to enable it to be part of the driver of the growth in Rank s full year revenue and operating profit.
With the cut in bingo duty, major capital investment programmes planned at certain casinos, and a strategic focus on improving its digital capability and multi-channel offer, Rank is well positioned for future growth.
However in the short term, the introduction of a digital point of consumption tax will impact performance but Rank s strong financial position, strong brands and market leading positions will ensure that it is well placed for long term opportunities.
Financial Services Group Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad ( HLFG ) Despite a challenging environment with increasing market competition, HLFG Group continued to deliver satisfactory results and achieved a noteworthy performance milestone with its profit before tax surpassing RM3 billion. It registered an year-on-year increase of 14.4% in the profit before tax to RM3,009.2 million. The creditable performance came from all of its operating divisions, reaping efforts from the continued execution of strategic plans pursued over the last few years.
Completion of various milestones in the integration of ex-EON s banking business and systems, improving cost base, and transformation of branch network have yielded improved results at the Banking Division for the year.
It also saw growing contributions from Bank of Chengdu and its Sichuan Finance joint venture.
HLFG continues to evolve by being relevant and competitive, both locally and around the region, focusing on building long term relationships and creating sustainable growth strategies. Each group division is well positioned to take advantage of opportunities to enhance its competitiveness, and to grow and increase market share in its targeted customer segments. This will further transform HLFG into a stronger and profitable financial services 
The combination of recovering growth in major economies and the continuing ultra-accommodative monetary policy is positive to financial assets. While major central banks are expected to remain accommodative, divergence is emerging with the Fed finishing its tapering over the next few months and BoE moving closer to tightening. Under these circumstances, volatility may increase and could put pressure on equity prices. In view of this assessment, our Principal Investment will remain prudent in managing its investment portfolio and will focus on identifying long-term cyclical trends and under-valued situations.
Each of our core businesses will continue respectively to focus on building a high performance business and strengthening the foundations for sustainable profitability and growth, and in the process to enhance our capital 
Managing and developing human resources is always a priority for the Group. The Group s sustainability counts very much on the high-quality work force with high moral, integrity and sense of belonging. The Group continues to attract, retain and nurture top talents to support our business strategies by offering remuneration and rewards commensurate with their contributions. Staff training and development programmes together with career development opportunities are offered to staff to upgrade their skills for promotion and succession planning. We aspire as a Group to give our management and staff a bright, happy and rewarding future as they participate constructively towards the success of our Group as a profitable and caring business enterprise.

We believe in being an environmentally and socially responsible corporate citizen. We pay attention to the quality and standards of our products, design our buildings and projects incorporating green and environmental-friendly energy-saving aspects, provide fair and ethical banking and financial services to our clients.
I applaud our Group Human Resources division devoting time and effort to support our employees to reach out to do good for the community and help the less fortunate and needy through various charity work and fund- raising. This year our Company was honoured with the Caring Company moniker.
For the ninth year, we were awarded the Platinum Award and the prestigious President s Award for our donation to the Community Chest of Hong Kong. In the annual major fund raising event for the Community Chest Walk for Millions 2014, supported by a large contingent from Guoco Group, we were ranked second in overall fund raising while our executive director, Mr Tan Lim Heng retained the Top Individual Fund Raiser Award for the seventh year in a row.
I would like to express my sincere thanks and appreciation to our management and staff of the Group for their passion, commitment, dedication and professionalism to build and improve our businesses, and also our corporate brand and image as a caring and responsible corporate enterprise in the community.
For the success achieved, I am grateful to the Board of Directors for their wise counsel; our customers, bankers, business affiliates and shareholders for their support given to us year after year.
Thanks to all your encouragement and efforts, we look forward together to another rewarding year ahead.
Quek Leng Chan 
29 August 2014 