Chairman s Statement WHILE SHORT-TERM VOLATILITY IS LIKELY TO PREVAIL AFFECTING THE VALUE OF OUR INVESTMENTS ON REPORTING DATES, WE BELIEVE CAREFULLY SELECTED INVESTMENTS WITH SOUND FUNDAMENTALS WILL PRESENT ATTRACTIVE RECOVERY OPPORTUNITIES.
We all live in challenging times. All major countries in the world are economically affected by the moribund global economy. As a holding company with operating subsidiaries and associates in a number of countries and with one of its principal activities being market investments, the Group cannot escape the market malaise that is 
Nevertheless, most of our operating subsidiaries and associates were profitable during the year. In the investment area we suffered from the extremely bad state of the global markets in the third quarter of 2011 when the Eurozone countries faced near panic situation. While we were able to recover half of the HK$2.6 billion loss incurred at mid year, we still sustained a loss for the full year, primarily on the unrealised losses on the 
Whilst central banks and other global authorities remained active during the year to support their economies by stimuli and purposeful actions to address the problems they faced, a number of structural issues remain unresolved and the future remains unclear.

The Group registered a consolidated loss attributable to shareholders, after taxation and minority interests for the year, of HK$1,294 million.
Notwithstanding the loss, directors are recommending a final dividend of HK$1.70 per share at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 14 November 2012. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.50 per share paid earlier, the total dividend for the year will be HK$2.20 per share (2011: HK$3.20 per share). Your Board s commitment to maintaining a balanced distribution to shareholders is important even though it is less than last year s distribution.

Our investment portfolio showed a loss for the year. This was partially mitigated by dividend income of US$104 million received during the year. As our reported losses are mainly unrealised, we believe the value of our holdings will recover over time.
In terms of our trading investments, the future is hard to predict. Weak global growth, unresolved Eurozone debt crisis and the prospect of weaker earnings worldwide are sure to contribute to volatility. However, continued active policy supported by various governments, generally strong corporate balance sheets and undemanding valuation point to opportunities going forward.
During the year, the balanced approach by our Treasury team in managing our currency exposures continued to be effective despite the choppy market conditions, and made a positive contribution to the Group s results.
Property Development and Investment 
Despite various measures to cool the property market in Singapore and China, which prompted a slowdown in sales, GuocoLand managed to achieve sales revenues of S$678 million for the year.
In Singapore, the proposed integrated development at Tanjong Pagar is being built on a prime 161,703-square- feet site within the Central Business District. Located above the Tanjong Pagar MRT station, this iconic development will be 290 metres high, making it the tallest building in Singapore. This ideally located development will comprise exclusive residential apartments, an international hotel and premier Grade A office and retail space.
This ambitious development will be a landmark in Singapore.
In April 2012, Damansara City, the flagship project for GuocoLand Malaysia, received a 5-star award in the Residential High-Rise Development category. The Damansara City Mall received a Highly Commended Award in the Retail Development category, both from the prestigious Asia-Pacific Property Awards.
GuocoLand attempts to create unique selling points for its projects, including innovative design and environmentally friendly concepts. With four integrated mixed-development projects in its embedded markets, GuocoLand also aims to grow its investment property portfolio to provide recurring income stream as a significant profit contributor 
Hospitality and Leisure Businesses 
GuocoLeisure made significant progress in upgrading its portfolio of hotels ahead of the London 2012 Olympic Games. The Grosvenor Hotel in Victoria, Thistle Euston, Thistle Kensington Gardens, The Royal Trafalgar and Thistle Piccadilly have benefitted from the substantial refurbishment of its rooms and public areas. The Thistle brand received the prestigious UK Hotel Group of the year Award 201112 , which recognises achievements in the hospitality sector such as enhanced hospitality, assured accreditation, improved standards and significant refurbishment of its portfolios. GuocoLeisure continually looks to reduce costs and streamline processes.
GuocoLeisure s Bass Strait investment in Australia had a good year as royalty income from oil and gas production increased due to the higher average crude oil and gas prices. The strong value of the Australian dollar contributed to the bottom line.
The Rank Group Plc Rank made further progress and achieved solid revenue growth despite a challenging environment in the UK.
Investment in new areas will broaden the appeal of its brands. The proposed acquisition of Gala Casinos (which remains subject to regulatory approval) will enhance Rank s position by broadening both its customer base and its distribution footprint. Further to the Fair Trade Office s decision in August 2012 to refer the proposed transaction to the Competition Commission, management is considering the implications of the decision to decide on appropriate action on the acquisition.
Financial Services Group Hong Leong Financial Group Berhad The significant corporate exercises undertaken by HLFG last year, including the merger with EON Bank, the formation of life and general insurance joint ventures with Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group and the group restructure of its investment banking division, will put it in good stead for future business growth and profitability.
The merger with EON Bank is proceeding well. For the year ended 30 June 2012, Hong Leong Bank successfully executed various initiatives to deliver meaningful cost savings from new and recurring synergies. We expect that full integration will result in greater economies of scale and efficiency. This brings opportunities for the combined 
HLFG has begun to benefit from these initiatives. The consolidated strength is reflected in the strong growth of net recurring profit for the year. HLFG is well placed to take advantage of opportunities to enhance its competitive position as a leading integrated financial services group.
GROUP HUMAN RESOURCES A primary factor for the continued success of our Group is the quality human resources of our people who are capable of taking leadership positions. The Group places great emphasis on quality managers and staff, and on training and nurturing our people in order to expand our talent pool. I take pride in noting that our people power has consistently improved to foster a culture for high performance with high moral standards.

Given that the US Fed has committed to keeping interest rates low for a long period, and given that the Chinese authorities have recently accelerated their stimulus measures, we believe that the global macro backdrop will not see significant deterioration. How long the present economic woes affecting global markets will drag on, however, is open. While short-term volatility is likely to prevail affecting the value of our investments on reporting dates, we believe carefully selected investments with sound fundamentals will present attractive recovery 
Mr Sat Pal Khattar, who has served as an independent non-executive director of the Company since January 1991, has informed the Board that he would like to retire and will not be offering himself for re-election at the coming Annual General Meeting. The Board and I would like to thank him for his wise counsel and invaluable contributions he has made to the Group over the years.
Once again, I would like to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their work and advice during the year. To our management and staff, I thank them for their dedication and commitment working as a team for the advancement of the Group. I am grateful to our shareholders, bankers, customers and business associates for their continued support.
I am proud of our staff s enthusiastic participation in charity activities and caring for the community. For the fifth successive year, one of our board members achieved the Top Individual Fund-raiser Award in the Community Chest Walks for Millions. Overall, the Company was recognised for the seventh year with the Platinum Award and the prestigious President s Award for our continuous efforts and commitment towards improving local 
Quek Leng Chan 
30 August 2012 