CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2010 On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Annual Report of Shangri-La Asia Limited covering the financial year 2010.
As the year unfolded, the regional economies in Asia continued to improve in performance and this spurred both business and leisure travel within the region. Most of the Group s hotels benefitted from this with increased room occupancies and rates as well as increased spending at our food and beverage outlets and catering facilities.
The World Expo held in Shanghai from May to October not only significantly boosted the demand for hotel rooms in Shanghai during this period but had a positive spill over effect which benefitted several other cities in China as well as the region.
Group revenue increased to US$1,575.1 million representing a 28% growth over corresponding revenues for 2009. Given the operating leverage in the business, the operating profit increased to US$220.7 million (2009: US$51.3 million) a year-on-year growth of 330%.
Fair value gains on investment properties contributed significantly to the net exceptional items of US$142.7 million which resulted in the profit attributable to shareholders of US$287.1 million (2009: US$255.5 million).
Earnings per share amounted to US9.98 cents per share (2009: US8.89 cents per share).
A final dividend of HK$0.10 per ordinary share has been proposed for 2010 which, when added to the interim dividend of HK$0.10 per ordinary share, amounts to a total dividend of HK$0.20 per ordinary share for the year.
During the year the Group opened three new properties: Shangri-La Guilin, China World Summit Wing and Shangri-La Paris; and also launched two Traders Hotels: in Male, Maldives and Hong Kong respectively. This brought the number of operating hotels at the end of 2010 to 70 hotels. The much anticipated opening in December of Shangri-La Paris marked the entry of the Group and the Shangri-La brand into Europe.
The first quarter of 2011 has seen a continuation of the strong momentum in operating performance of our hotels that we experienced in 2010. However, the recent major natural disaster (earthquake and tsunami) that struck North East Japan has compelled us to temporarily suspend operations of the Shangri-La Tokyo. We are confident that operations will resume once normalcy in the operating environment is restored.
The Group successfully opened the Kerry Hotel Pudong, Shanghai in February 2011 but terminated its lease agreement for a hotel under development in Vienna, Austria owing to the failure of the developer to deliver the property as contracted. The Group has also agreed to terminate its management contracts in respect of the Shangri-La and Traders Hotels in Macau, the People s Republic of China. Neither of these terminations has any significant effect on the Group s performance in 2011.
The Group intends to maintain its rapid pace of expansion and to add another 28 hotels in the next three to four years. While Mainland China remains the focus of this development, the Group continues to seek out other destinations which serve its strategic growth objectives.
The Group has an extensive Corporate Social Responsibility programme which is now documented in its inaugural Sustainability Report to be released this year. Various initiatives under the programme which have the enthusiastic support of our staff have been well received by the local communities in which our hotels operate.
The success achieved in 2010 is attributable to the hardwork and dedication of all the management and staff and the guidance and support provided by my colleagues on the Board and for this I am extremely grateful.
KuoK Khoon Ean 
30 March 2011 