CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Annual Report of Shangri-La Asia Limited covering the financial year 2012.
The health of the global economy appears to have slightly improved from the very critical state it was in for most of 2011. The risk of sovereign default by several Eurozone countries has abated whilst the economy of the United States of America appears to have averted the threat of depression. Nevertheless, there still exist problems of high unemployment, growing public sector debt, a vulnerable banking system and political uncertainties in many of the developed economies which will impede global economic recovery in the short term.
In 2012, consolidated group revenue increased by 7.6% over the previous year to USD2.06 billion. With operating costs generally contained, EBITDA margins also improved by 2.9% to 29.6% of revenues. Aggregate EBITDA (including EBITDA share of associates) for the year was USD764.5 million compared to USD675.9 million in 
Profits after tax from our investment properties which includes offices, service apartments and some retail shop space amounted to USD81.5 million representing a 31.6% increase over 2011. Contribution from this sector will continue to grow over the years as new properties commence business operations and yields mature.
Profits attributable to shareholders of USD358.9 million (2011 USD253.0 million) included revaluation gains on investment properties of USD185 million (2011 USD137 
Earnings per share amounted to US11.50 cents per share (2011 US8.18 cents per 
A final dividend of HK10 cents per ordinary share has been proposed, which when added to the interim dividend of HK10 cents per ordinary share, will amount to a total dividend of HK20 cents per ordinary share for the year.
During the year we opened five new hotels and acquired 100% interest in two existing hotels (both in Australia); one in Brisbane which has been rebranded a Traders Hotel and the Shangri-La Hotel, Sydney which we operated earlier under a management contract. Of the five new hotels, the Shangri-La Yangzhou is wholly owned whilst the Shangri-La Changzhou and the Shangri-La Haikou, the Shangri-La Toronto (Canada) and the Shangri-La Mumbai (India) operate under management contracts without any equity participation. This brings the number of hotels operated by the Group to 78 
The Group s development plans continue to focus on Asia and predominantly on the growing Mainland China market for both domestic travel as well as outbound travel.
As at the end of 2012 the Group had 42 new hotel projects under development of which 24 are in Mainland China. 10 new hotels are expected to complete and open in 2013. Of these six will be in Mainland China and one each in Iskandar Johore (Malaysia), Istanbul, London and Doha (Qatar).
In recognition of the Group s efforts in the area of Corporate Social Responsibility, the Company was awarded an AA rating on the Reputex Honour Board in 2012.
Despite a challenging year, the operating results of the Group have been satisfactory.
This is attributable to the hard work and dedication of the management and staff members at all levels and the support and guidance provided by my colleagues on the Board for which I remain truly grateful.
KUOK Khoon Ean 
21 March 2013 