CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2011 On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present the Annual Report of Shangri-La Asia Limited covering the financial year 2011.
The past year was characterized by continuing economic uncertainties and political changes. Economic data from the USA pointed towards a growing threat of a major recession on the back of rising unemployment and weak consumer demand, whilst on the other side of the Atlantic, the looming threat of sovereign debt default and the future of the Eurozone itself heightened the risks and uncertainties confronting the global banking system and the world economic order. Against this backdrop the regional economies of Asia where the Group has a significant presence, faired relatively 
Group revenue increased to US$1,912.1 million representing a 21.4% growth over corresponding revenues for 2010. The operating profit of US$239.5 million, represented a 8.50% increase compared to 2010 (US$220.7 million). Profit growth was negatively impacted by the start-up costs of recently opened hotels as well as the weak performance of the Shangri-La Hotel, Tokyo which also suffered from the after effects of the catastrophic events in Fukushima, Japan in March 2011.
Fair value gains on investment properties contributed significantly to the net exceptional items of US$117.0 million (2010 US$142.7 million) resulting in profit attributable to shareholders of US$253.0 million (2010 US$287.1 million).
Earnings per share amounted to US8.18 cents per share (2010 US 9.98 cents per share) on a larger equity capital base following the rights issue in February 2011.
A final dividend of HK$0.10 per ordinary share has been proposed which, when added to the interim dividend of HK$0.10 per ordinary share, will amount to a total dividend of HK$0.20 per ordinary share for the year.
During the year, the Group opened the Kerry Hotel in Pudong, Shanghai and the Shangri-La Hotel in Manzhouli, Inner Mongolia (both in the People s Republic of China). It also reopened the Shangri-La s Rasa Sentosa Resort in Singapore after a major refurbishment and rebranded the newly renovated Shangri-La s Kerry Centre Hotel, Beijing as the Kerry Hotel, Beijing. As at 31 December 2011, the Group operates 72 hotels, of which 35 are located in the PRC.
For the first two months of this year, the operations of the Group s hotels have recorded a satisfactory performance registering a year-on-year RevPAR growth of 12%.
The Group continues to pursue its development plans with Mainland China remaining the principal focus of this strategy. Of the 46 new hotel projects currently under construction by the Group, 26 are located on the Mainland.
However, with the strong growth in outbound travel from Asia we will actively seek opportunities to invest in destinations outside of Asia which have high potential for our brands. Some recent investments include hotel projects in Istanbul (Turkey), Accra (Ghana), Colombo and Hambantota (Sri Lanka), Bali (Indonesia) and Brisbane 
To help fund these investments the Group called a rights issue in February 2011 which was fully subscribed by existing shareholders. This was followed in May of 2011 by the successful issuance of zero coupon guaranteed convertible bonds. The Group will continue to source attractive funding opportunities to support our development plans.
In 2011, the Group was included as a constituent on the Hang Seng (Mainland China and Hong Kong) Corporate Sustainability Index after demonstrating strong performance in the area of environment protection, conservation and social investment.
I gratefully acknowledge the hardwork and dedication of all our management and staff members of the Group as well as the support and guidance provided by my colleagues on the Board.
KuoK Khoon Ean 
19 March 2012 