Chairman’s Letter
As a company providing
sustainable rail
transportation and new
homes, MTR plays a
central role in the lives of
many communities and
supports initiatives that
aim to improve quality of
life for communities we
proudly serve.
Dear Shareholders and other Stakeholders,
It has been an exciting and successful year since I took up
my appointment as Chairman at the beginning of 2016. The
Company has made remarkable progress of which we are all
proud. Not only have we continued to deliver world-class rail
services to customers, but we also opened two new railway
lines in Hong Kong, the Kwun Tong Line Extension and the
South Island Line (East) (“South Island Line”), bringing greater
choice and convenience to the travelling public. With over
17,000 dedicated staff based in Hong Kong and an operational
model that is widely admired, we will continue to provide
excellent service in our home base here. This will allow us to
capitalise further on our brand name and expertise to grow
our Mainland of China and overseas operations. During the
last quarter of 2016, we opened Phase 1 of the Beijing Metro
Line 16 in the Mainland of China and took over the Stockholm
commuter rail (“Stockholms pendeltåg”) concession in
Sweden. We have also established the MTR Academy to
develop professionals for the railway industry on a global basis.
The Company’s financial results for 2016 reflected stable
recurrent business performance together with, as expected,
a much lower contribution from property development.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year from
recurrent businesses grew by 4.1% to HK$8,916 million.
Post-tax property development profit from Hong Kong and
the Mainland of China fell by 77.2% to HK$530 million and
as a result, profit attributable to equity shareholders from
underlying businesses decreased by 13.3% to HK$9,446
million. Including investment property revaluation, net profit
attributable to equity shareholders was HK$10,254 million,
representing earnings per share after revaluation of HK$1.74.
In addition to the one-off special cash dividend of HK$4.40
per share, of which the first tranche (of HK$2.20 per share) was
paid on 13 July 2016, and the second tranche (also of HK$2.20
per share) is to be paid in the second half of 2017, your Board
has proposed a final ordinary dividend of HK$0.82 per share.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.25 per share, this
amounts to a full year ordinary dividend per share of HK$1.07.
When I took up my appointment, I outlined a vision of making
MTR a company admired in Hong Kong and around the world
as a world-class operator of sustainable rail transport service.
To achieve this, we focus on three areas: our rail network, our
customers and our people. I would like to outline how we have
been delivering on each area, as well as contributing to the
community, during the year.
Our Network
We make extensive investments to maintain the high levels
of service in our network, and to build the new railway lines
that are needed for the future. These form “Rail Gen 2.0”, a
new era for rail transportation that will support Hong Kong’s
development as an economy and as a society. Our Hong Kong
colleagues went to extraordinary lengths, overcoming many
challenges, to open both the Kwun Tong Line Extension and
the South Island Line during the year. With these lines now
in service, we continue with the work to complete our two
remaining projects under construction, the Hong Kong Section
of the Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link
(“Express Rail Link”) and the Shatin to Central Link. The Express
Rail Link remains on target for completion in the third quarter of 2018, barring resolution of the colocation of customs,
immigration and quarantine facilities by Government,
while the two corridors of the Shatin to Central Link are also
progressing towards their completions in 2019 and 2021
respectively. My sincere thanks go out to our employees,
contractors and Government departments, as well as to the
communities who have given us tremendous support.
Seven more rail projects have been identified by Government
under its Railway Development Strategy 2014 to be built
in phases. Government has invited MTR to submit project
proposals for four of these projects first, the Tuen Mun South
Extension, the Northern Link (and Kwu Tung Station), the
East Kowloon Line and the Tung Chung West Extension (and
Tung Chung East Station). The Tuen Mun South Extension
project proposal was submitted to Government in December
2016 and the project proposals on the Northern Link (and
Kwu Tung Station), the East Kowloon Line and the Tung
Chung West Extension (and Tung Chung East Station) will be
submitted later.
Outside Hong Kong, we are also actively pursuing new
opportunities. In the Mainland of China, we are in discussion
with the Hangzhou Municipal Government on an investment
in Hangzhou Metro Line 5. We have signed an agreement
to conduct joint preliminary studies on the integrated
development of some existing station and depot sites along
Beijing Metro Line 4 and the Daxing Line. We have also
signed a Letter of Intent with China Railway Corporation to
explore strategic cooperation on high speed rail construction,
operations, integrated development and training. This
strategic partnership positions us to tap into opportunities
arising from the Mainland’s “Belt and Road” Initiative.
Internationally, in the UK we await the result of our bid for
the South Western Rail franchise which is due in April 2017,
and we are now preparing to bid for the Wales and Borders
rail franchise. In Sweden, we have submitted our bid for the
Skåne county commuter rail (“Pågatåg”). In Australia, we
continue our negotiations for the concession extension of
Metro Trains Melbourne and potential participation in the
Sydney Metro City and Southwest project.
Our Customers
I fully appreciate our customers have high expectations of our
service, and am pleased to report that in 2016 we recorded
our best ever performance in terms of train service reliability
since the rail merger in 2007. During the year, there were six
delays in our heavy rail network and two delays in our light
rail network, which lasted for 31 minutes or more, that were
attributable to factors within MTR’s control. Our safety record
likewise remained world class.
To ensure we continue to operate a highly reliable service, and
as an integral part of Rail Gen 2.0, there is an extensive asset
replacement programme. This will see HK$9.3 billion spent
on new, more comfortable trains and enhanced signalling
systems. These two projects are making good progress and
testing on the lines is scheduled at night to avoid disrupting
normal train service. Over the coming seven years we will
also be replacing chillers, using more energy efficient models,
in stations and depots. In addition, new Light Rail vehicles
are being ordered to meet the increased demand for these
services. In connection with our new lines, major modifications
have been made to Hung Hom, Diamond Hill and Admiralty
stations to enhance the interchange experience between
different lines in the MTR network for improved connectivity
across Hong Kong. These investments under Rail Gen 2.0 are
in addition to our investments in other improvements, such as
better station environments, more external lifts, refurbished
escalators and toilets, as well as better passenger information
displays.
The Fare Adjustment Mechanism (“FAM”) is what allows us to
make these vital investments in the Hong Kong network on an
ongoing basis. Fair, transparent and objective, it has carefully
balanced the interests of the travelling public against the need
for a sustainable financial base. By international standards, our
Hong Kong services are very affordable, reflecting average fare
increases over the past eight years that have been below both
the level of inflation and wage increases. The FAM is subject 
to regular review with Government and the next review was
scheduled to begin in 2017 for completion in 2018. However
Government requested an earlier start to the process and
in April 2016 we agreed to conduct the joint review one
year earlier than scheduled. Discussions are on-going with
Government regarding this review.
Every year, travelling on the MTR is made even more
affordable by the concessions and promotions we offer, many
of them targeting the young, those living further away from
the city centre, the elderly and persons with disabilities. In
2016, these amounted to about HK$2,536 million, while for
2016/2017 we announced additional packages worth more
than HK$500 million in total. We also look for other ways to
enhance our customer experience, the “Happy Birthday •
Happy Journey” lucky draw that will come to an end in March
2017, has brought joy to our customers.
Fares aside, and more importantly, we serve our customers
well by understanding their needs. During the year,
we launched a number of initiatives to improve our
communication with customers. Planning ahead, we have
carried out an extensive study to help us define the desirable
customer experience of the future. The result of this study
is our 2030 Customer Experience Vision Blueprint, which
defines the framework for our initiatives to improve the travel
experience of our customers over the coming years.
We continuously look for innovative ways to enhance our
services; in November 2016, MTR sponsored HackTrain HK, the
first ever railway hackathon in Asia. Over a 48-hour journey, 40
participants with diverse backgrounds from Hong Kong and
around the world stepped up to the challenge of coming up
with technology-enabled solutions to make our services even
more efficient and enjoyable.
Turning to the arson incident which occurred on a train
running from Admiralty Station to Tsim Sha Tsui Station
on the Tsuen Wan Line on 10 February 2017, I was deeply
saddened by the incident and wish all the injured a speedy
recovery. Joining hands with Tung Wah Group of Hospitals
(“TWGHs”), we launched a donation campaign for the
benefit of those injured and hospitalised in the incident. MTR
together with our staff donated HK$2 million and through
TWGHs, donations were also received from the public. As
with all major incidents, we immediately established a review
panel to probe the incident and to propose improvement
measures. Given the severity of this incident, the review
panel is co-chaired by the Operations Director and the
Engineering Director, and the work of the panel is also
supported by external professionals. I would like to again
express my thanks to our colleagues for their professionalism,
as well as their robust, calm and speedy responses, which
minimised the impact of this incident to our customers. Their 
ability demonstrated in handling the incident reflected the
sound training they have received, as well as our colleagues’
dedication to serve. I am extremely proud of them.
Our People
Consistently delivering a world-class level of service to
our customers would not be possible without a team of
professional and dedicated staff. We value the views and
aspirations of our colleagues, and in November 2016 we
conducted our first global Staff Engagement Survey. The
response rate was very high at over 94%. Based on employees
feedback collected in the survey, we will follow up with
initiatives for continuous improvement.
Every year we receive recognition at home and abroad for
our commitment to and success in inspiring, engaging and
developing our people. During 2016, MTR was named as one
of the best companies to work for by a number of local and
international organisations, while for training, we received a
number of awards, including three honours in the “Award for
Excellence in Training and Development” organised by the
Hong Kong Management Association and an “Excellence in
Practice Award” from the Association for Talent Development
in the US.
The skills of our people and our training programmes are
valuable resources that we look to deploy beyond Hong
Kong, and to contribute to the Mainland of China’s farreaching
“Belt and Road” Initiative. It was to this end that we
established the MTR Academy in November 2016. Offering
programmes for people in Hong Kong, as well as the 
railway industry in the Mainland of China and overseas, MTR
Academy aims to become globally recognised as a centre of
excellence for railway management and engineering.
Contributions to the Community
As a company providing sustainable rail transportation and
new homes, MTR plays a central role in the lives of many
communities and supports initiatives that aim to improve
quality of life for communities we proudly serve.
Under our Community Connect platform, we have made
available a number of retail shops in stations along the
West Rail Line for lease by the social enterprises of nongovernmental
organisations (“NGOs”) at concessionary
rates. We also support many NGOs and non-profit making
organisations via provision of free advertising spaces in our
network. Another new initiative is the MTR Gallery which we 
opened in February 2017. It is an interactive exhibition corner
at Kowloon Station featuring multimedia displays on the
development of Hong Kong’s railways. This supplements our
long-running “Art in MTR” programme that brings art into
stations and MTR premises.
Under the Youth Connect banner, we have continued to
invite young people to exchange ideas with us via our think
tank – the Youth Forum, which has been generating new
ideas, some of which are now being put into practice. In
September 2016 we also announced the launch of five new
initiatives, following an open selection process with public
input, to bridge the gap between education and work
for young people. Meanwhile, Youth Connect’s ongoing
programmes continue to provide support and opportunities
to secondary school students who come from less privileged
backgrounds.
The environmental benefits of rail transport, being a low
carbon business, are well established, and in 2016, we issued
our first Green Bond, bringing together our financial and
environmental strategies. Green bond financing allows us to
tap into a new investor base while providing cost effective
financing to invest in environmentally friendly services and
network enhancements as part of the Rail Gen 2.0 vision. It
will also contribute to establishing Hong Kong as a regional
green finance hub.
Board Transition
MTR has an impressive Board, which plays a key role in
maintaining the high standards of corporate governance
that underpins our success as a sustainable business. I
take this opportunity once again to welcome Mr Anthony
Chow Wing-kin, who was appointed as Independent Nonexecutive
Director of the Company on 18 May 2016, and to
thank Mr Edward Ho Sing-tin, who retired from the Board
as Independent Non-executive Director after more than 24
years of service during 2016. Mr Ng Leung-sing, after having
served on the Board for more than nine years, will retire as
Independent Non-executive Director of the Company at our
Annual General Meeting on 17 May 2017. I would like to thank
Mr Ng for his valuable contributions and service to both the
Board and the Company all these years.
The counsel my fellow directors have given me during the
year has been invaluable and I wish to thank them for their
unfailing support. I also thank each and every one of our staff
members for their hard work and dedication throughout the
year, making MTR a company we are all proud of.Professor Frederick Ma Si-hang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 7 March 2017