I am pleased to present the 20142015 Annual Report to shareholders.
FINAL RESULTS For the financial year ended 30th June, 2015, the Group s underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, was HK$5,301.5 million (20132014: HK$5,021.8 million).
Underlying earnings per share was HK$0.876 (20132014: HK$0.841).

The Group s reported net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$9,371.9 million (20132014: HK$8,921.4 million). Earnings per share was HK$1.549 (20132014: HK$1.493). The reported profit for the year included a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of HK$4,070.4 million (20132014: HK$3,899.6 million).

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 38 cents per share in respect of the financial year ended 30th June, 2015 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 30th October, 2015.
Together with the interim dividend of 12 cents per share, the total dividend for the financial year ended 30th June, 2015 is 50 cents per share.

The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 23rd October, 2015; and (2) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.

A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be dispatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 5th November, 2015. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates for the scrip dividend will be dispatched to shareholders on or about 2nd December, 2015.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(1) Sales Activities Total revenue from property sales recognised for financial year ended 30th June, 2015, including property sales of associates and joint ventures recognised by the Group, was HK$23,098.6 million (20132014: 
Total revenue from property sales comprises mainly the sales of residential units in The Avenue Phase 2 in Wan Chai, Mayfair By The Sea I and II in Pak Shek Kok, Park Metropolitan in Kwun Tong and Park Ivy in Tai Kok Tsui completed during the financial year ended 30th June, 2015 as well as projects completed in previous financial years. To date, approximately 95% of the units in The Avenue Phase 2, 92% of the units in Mayfair By The Sea I, 84% of the units in Mayfair By The Sea II, 99% of the units in Park Metropolitan and all the units in Park Ivy have been sold. In respect of sales derived from projects completed in previous financial years, these mainly included Botanica Bay in Lantau Island, The Avenue Phase 1 in Wan Chai, The Graces " Providence Bay and Providence Peak in Pak Shek Kok and to date, approximately 38%, 99%, 92% and 91% of the units in the respective projects have been sold.
The Group continues to seek good opportunities to sell its projects to enhance shareholders value. During the financial year 20142015, the Group launched Corinthia By The Sea in Tseung Kwan O and Dragons Range in Kau To for sale and to date, approximately 97% and 81% of the units in the respective projects have been sold.
In China, 576 residential units in The Palazzo in Chengdu, 516 residential units in The Coronation in Chongqing and 544 residential units in Dynasty Park in Zhangzhou were launched for sale during the financial year 20142015. To date, a total of 1,542 residential units in The Palazzo, 1,036 residential units in The Coronation and 1,146 residential units in Dynasty Park have been launched for sale and approximately 79%, 80% and 89% of the units in the respective projects have been sold. Further, the Group launched Mayfair By The Lake in Xiamen for sale in June 2015 and to date, approximately 32% of all the units have been sold.
(2) Land Bank As at 30th June, 2015, the Group has a land bank of approximately 37.8 million square feet of attributable floor area in Hong Kong, China and Singapore which comprises a balanced portfolio of properties of which 61.9% is residential; 24.7% commercial; 6.0% industrial; 4.0% car parks and 3.4% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 24.1 million square feet were properties under development, 11.5 million square feet of properties for investment and hotels, together with 2.2 million square feet of properties held for sale. The Group will continue to be selective in replenishing its land bank to optimise its earnings 
Situated by the scenic Cheung Sha Beach in Southern Lantau, Botanica Bay commands stunning panoramic view of the South China Sea. Nestled against the Lantau Peak, the high- privacy development features lush gardens and designer landscapes and offers 16 houses crafted to the finest 
Corinthia By The Sea Waterfront residences situated at the centre of South Tseung Kwan O overlooking the expansive coast, Corinthia By The Sea provides 536 residential units. Being in proximity to Tseung Kwan O Station, residents can enjoy the convenience of living with easy access to shopping malls.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(2) Land Bank (Continued) 
During the financial year 20142015, the Group was awarded the development rights of Kwun Tong Town Centre Development Areas 2 and 3 from Urban Renewal Authority of Hong Kong and acquired 3 sites from the HKSAR Government with a total attributable floor area of approximately 1.7 million square feet. Details of the projects are as follows: 
1. NKIL 6514 Residential Joint 
Kwun Tong Town Centre Development Areas 2 and 3, 
2. FSSTL 255 Residential 
Junction of Luen Hing St., Wo Fung St. and Luen Shing St., Luen Wo Hui, 
3. NKIL 6313 Commercial 30% 147,058 Junction of Cheung Yip St., Sheung Yee Rd. and Wai Yip St., 
4. Lot 1181 in DD 215 Residential 100% 51,592 Hong Kin Road, Tui Min Hoi, 
Mayfair By The Sea I & Mayfair By The Sea II The latest premium projects on the picturesque waterfront of Pak Shek Kok that continue the tradition of The Mayfair on the Mid-Levels and One Mayfair in Kowloon Tong, Mayfair By The Sea I and Mayfair By The Sea II provide a total of 1,091 residential units, including 12 houses. The shopping arcade within the development provides convenience for residents.

Located in the centre of Hong Kong s prime financial and commercial belt spanning Central and Causeway Bay, The Avenue occupies a coveted location in Wanchai. Phases 1 and 2 comprise 179 and 1,096 residential units respectively as well as a themed retail zone at Phase 2. The Avenue features an array of innovative green architecture features, many of which are first in Hong Kong; it has received the HK-BEAM Platinum 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(3) Property Development 
During the financial year 20142015, the Group obtained Occupation Permits for the following projects in Hong Kong with a total attributable floor area of approximately 2.4 million square feet. Details of these projects are presented as follows: 
1. Mayfair By The Sea II Residential 
21 Fo Chun Road, Pak Shek Kok, 
2. Mayfair By The Sea I Residential 
23 Fo Chun Road, Pak Shek Kok, 
3. Dragons Range Residential 40% 412,588 33 Lai Ping Road, 
4. The Avenue Phase 2 Residential 
200 Queen s Road East, 
5. Park Metropolitan Residential Joint 
8 Yuet Wah Street, 
Sino Land Company Limited was voted the Best Developer Overall in Hong Kong in addition to being named the Best Residential Developer in Hong Kong , Best Retail Developer in Hong Kong , Best OfficeBusiness Developer in Hong Kong , Best Leisure Hotel Developer in Hong Kong , Best Mixed Developer in Hong Kong , Best IndustrialWarehouse developer in Hong Kong , Best Advisors & Consultants Overall and Best Advisors & Consultants for AgencyLetting in Hong Kong at the Euromoney Real Estate Awards 2015.

Occupying a coveted address in Kowloon Tong amid lush green, One Mayfair comprises 120 elegantly appointed residences crafted to the finest details and offers exclusive privacy. Residents can enjoy a panoramic view of the Kowloon 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(3) Property Development (Continued) 
6. The Fairmont Residential 100% 60,421 53 Conduit Road, Hong Kong Island, 
7. Park Ivy Residential 
8 Ivy Street, Tai Kok Tsui, 
In China, the Group completed Phase I of The Palazzo in Chengdu and part of Phase I of The Coronation in Chongqing with a total attributable floor area of approximately 1.8 million square feet during the financial year ended 30th June, 2015. Details of these projects are presented as follows: 
1. The Palazzo Residential 100% 1,605,769 No. 9 The Second Yufeng Road, 
(Intersection of Yinghui Road and Tashan Road), 
2. The Coronation Residential 
No. 288, Beibing Road, Jiang Bei District, 
Dynasty Park, Zhangzhou Located in the city centre of Zhangzhou, Dynasty Park enjoys an extensive transport network. Covering approximately 4.5 million sq. ft., Dynasty Park includes residences, shops, a kindergarten and a premium clubhouse. Phase One provides 602 units, which were handed over in March 2014; Phase Two will provide 1,047 units with a total gross floor area in excess of 1.2 million sq. ft.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(4) Rental Activities 
For the financial year ended 30th June, 2015, the Group s gross rental revenue, including attributable share from associates and joint ventures, increased 6.7% to HK$3,684.4 million (20132014: HK$3,450.7 million) and net rental income increased 7.3% to HK$3,252.2 million (20132014: HK$3,030.6 million). The increase in rental revenue was mainly due to higher rental rates on renewals and an improvement in occupancy rate in office properties. Overall occupancy of the Group s investment property portfolio was at approximately 98% (20132014: 97%) for the financial 
The Group s retail portfolio in Hong Kong recorded rental growth with overall occupancy rate at approximately 98% for the financial year 20142015 (20132014: 98%) as the Group s flagship shopping malls, namely Tuen Mun Town Plaza Phase I, Olympian City 1, 2 and 3 showed steady leasing performance. In addition, the Group completed during the financial year 20142015 the retail malls in The Avenue Phase 2 in Wan Chai and Mayfair By The Sea I and II in Pak Shek Kok with total attributable floor area of approximately 127,196 square feet. These new retail malls are expected to open in the coming financial year and will enhance the Group s rental revenue from the sector.

The leasing performance of the Group s office portfolio saw stable rental growth while overall occupancy rate was at approximately 98% (20132014: 96%) for the financial year 20142015. The leasing performance of the Group s industrial portfolio was steady with occupancy rate at approximately 97% (20132014: 98%).

The Group s investment property portfolio primarily serves the need of its customers which include tenants, shoppers and the communities around the properties. The design and conditions of the properties together with the quality of service provided to customers are of paramount importance.
To ensure that the properties are in good condition with the proper layout and design, the Group would perform regular review of the properties and collect customers feedback to decide if asset enhancement work is required. To assess the effectiveness of capital expenditure, benefits to customers, payback and return on investment will be analysed. On service quality, the Group places a strong emphasis on regular training particularly for all front-line staff to ensure that the service provided to customers meet their expectations. Comments from customers, reports by silent shoppers and recognitions from professional institutions all play a role in assessing the quality of service delivered by the staff. These indicators are vital for management to review what additional work needs to be done as part of the Group s efforts for continuous improvement.

An exquisite serviced apartment situated in Haiphong Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, one of Hong Kong s most vibrant retail and commercial precincts, The Camphora delivers a combination of modern style and rich heritage. The nine-storey building delivers 24 immaculately-appointed studio residences and a clubhouse.
Residents can enjoy attentive services and amenities provided by Sino 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(4) Rental Activities (Continued) 
As at 30th June, 2015, the Group has approximately 11.5 million square feet of attributable floor area of investment properties and hotels in Hong Kong, China and Singapore. Of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 63.6%, industrial 15.2%, car parks 12.7%, hotels 6.6%, and residential 1.9%.

Overall business performance of the Group s hotels, namely The Fullerton Hotel, The Fullerton Bay Hotel and Conrad Hong Kong was slightly affected by soft demand and competitive business environment during the financial year 20142015. The Group will continue to improve the quality of its hotel services to ensure our discerning guests have enjoyable experiences during their stays in the hotels.

(6) China Business 
The economic and social reforms in China have been progressing well.
Liberalisation of the financial market is underway with fiscal policy and public finance reviewed and improved to cater to the needs of the local governments. Capital controls have also been relaxed. Reforms on household-registration system and social services are being studied to reduce inequalities both between cities and between urban and rural areas.
Environmental protection initiatives have been addressed. The Central Government has taken steps to roll out various policies to integrate its economy with the rest of the world and China is increasingly taking a bigger role in the world economy while pursuing a more balanced and high quality economic growth. All the policies combined will make China a more resilient economy resulting in an improvement in the livelihoods of people.

During the financial year 20142015, the property market in China turned active with improvement in sales volume, pricing and lower inventory levels mainly due to relaxation of home purchase restrictions in most cities in China and monetary easing which included reduction of interest rates, abolishment of loan-to-deposit ratio for banks and an increase in the availability of mortgage loans for home purchasers which is favourable for the property market.

The Clifford Pier, the latest destination restaurant of The Fullerton Heritage, was opened in May 2014. Housed in Clifford Pier, which has been situated on the impressive Marina Bay waterfront since 1933, the 26,000-square-foot column-free historic structure has been reconfigured into a unique and chic dining experience while paying tribute to the history of Singapore.

The Palazzo, Chengdu Situated at the Second Ring district in Chengdu, The Palazzo is adjacent to Shahe River and Tazishan Park.
This riverfront and landscaped development comprises a world- class hotel, shopping mall, serviced apartments and residences, covering a total gross floor area of over 13 million sq. ft. Phase two of the project offers more than 3,200 residential units, from two-bedroom apartments to four-bedroom 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
(6) China Business (Continued) 
The Group has four projects in China mainly for residential developments with a total of approximately 21.2 million square feet of attributable plot ratio area. These projects are situated in cities with good economic and demographic fundamentals. The Group s property developments in China, namely The Palazzo in Chengdu, The Coronation in Chongqing, Dynasty Park in Zhangzhou and Mayfair By The Lake in Xiamen will be sold and completed in the next few years.

Other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th June, 2014.
FINANCE As at 30th June, 2015, the Group had cash and bank deposits of HK$19,698.0 million. After netting off total borrowings of HK$6,039.6 million, the Group had net cash of HK$13,658.4 million as at 30th June, 2015. Of the total borrowings, 13.3% was repayable within one year and 86.7% repayable between two and five years. The Group s borrowings are subject to floating and fixed interest rates.
Total assets and shareholders funds of the Group were HK$141,802.5 million and HK$118,558.0 million respectively.

The majority of the Group s debts are denominated in Hong Kong dollars and US dollars, with the balance in Singapore dollars, mainly used to fund The Fullerton Heritage project in Singapore. Other than the above-mentioned, there was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the Group for the financial year 20142015. The majority of the Group s cash are denominated in Hong Kong dollars with a portion of Renminbi, Australian dollars and New Zealand dollars deposits. The Group has maintained a sound financial management policy and foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a 
The Group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. With the objective of practising good corporate governance, the Group has formed Audit, Compliance, Remuneration and Nomination Committees.
The Group is committed to maintaining corporate transparency and disseminates information about new developments through various channels, including press releases, its corporate website, results briefings, site visits, participation in non- deal roadshows and investor conferences.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
CUSTOMER SERVICE The Group is committed to building quality projects. In keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, the Group will, wherever possible, ensure that attractive design concepts and features are also environmentally friendly for its developments. Management conducts regular reviews of its properties and service so that improvements can be made on a 
As a committed corporate citizen, the Group has been actively participating in a wide range of community programmes, voluntary services, charitable activities and green initiatives to promote environmental protection, art and cultural events, heritage conservation, and staff team-building activities. In recognition of the Group s continuous efforts in promoting sustainability and upholding high standards in environmental, social and corporate governance aspects, the Company has been selected as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index since September 
During the financial year 20142015, the Group published its 2014 Sustainability Review which has been prepared with reference to Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited s Environmental, Social and Gover nance Reporting Guide under Appendix 27 to the Main Board Listing Rules. The Group also published its fourth annual Sustainability Report that highlighted its corporate sustainability footprints and initiatives to demonstrate its commitment to engaging its stakeholders in building a greener future.

The Group has established Sino Caring Friends to encourage staff to regularly participate in voluntary services and support meaningful causes. Through voluntary services, staff can better understand and contribute to the community.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
The Group encourages staff of all levels to serve the community and care for those in need; this commitment is extended to supporting staff in joining voluntary service for at least one day a year during office hours. The Group is dedicated to playing a part in building a better community through participating in voluntary services and charity events, with a strong emphasis on children and youth development. The Group appreciates the importance of providing guidance to the young generation in their learning stage, and collaborates with various community partners to provide learning opportunities for children and teenagers from underprivileged families through different programmes.

Dedicated to promoting arts and culture to enrich the everyday lives of Hong Kong people, the Group initiated Sino Art in 2006, under which Sino Art provides local and international artists with opportunities to showcase their works through exhibitions and public art installations at the Group s properties. With the launch of Sino Art in Community in 2013, the Group has extended its reach into community facilities such as hospitals, kindergartens and children s homes, where local artists create community art together with the underprivileged, children and 
Sino Heritage was established in 2011 with the belief that conservation of cultural heritage helps the community build a sense of identity and strengthen relationships in the city. Sino Heritage identifies and showcases the heritage significance of historical projects in both Hong Kong and Singapore. In March 2008, the Ng Teng Fong Family, the major shareholder of the Group, set up a non- profit-making organisation, Hong Kong Heritage Conservation Foundation Limited ( HCF ). HCF revitalised and converted the Old Tai O Police Station, a Grade II historic building, into a boutique hotel. Named Tai O Heritage Hotel ( Hotel ), it is home to nine colonial-style rooms and suites and commenced operation in March 2012. The Hotel, operated by HCF as a non-profit-making social enterprise, is part of the HKSAR Government s Revitalising Historic Buildings Through Partnership Scheme . HCF is an award winner at UNESCO Asia-Pacific 2013 Awards for Cultural Heritage Conservation. In November 2014, HCF has been honoured by the American Institute of Architects Hong Kong Chapter with a Citation Award, in recognition of its contributions to heritage conservation in Hong Kong.

The Group launched Sino Art in Community in 2013 to bring art to the community. Working with local artists and organisations, Sino Art in Community has completed five murals for hospital, kindergartens, schools and children s homes.

Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
PROSPECTS The US economy continues to be on the path of recovery with improvement in GDP, consumer sentiment, personal consumption expenditure and housing sector activity as well as lower level of unemployment. In the Euro zone, the economic situation has been improving, helped by the decrease in oil price and depreciation of Euro as well as the quantitative-easing programme by the European Central Bank rolled out in March this year.

In China, the Central Government published in March 2015 its first edition of written framework of Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st-Century Maritime Silk Road also known as One Belt One Road . One Belt One Road will foster economic ties spanning different regions in Asia, Europe and Africa. It will promote co-development and multilateral co-operation in the areas of economic, finance, transport, environmental protection, tourism, technology and education as well as bring in prosperity to the nations along the regions. The economic development along One Belt One Road will provide entrepreneurs, professionals and skillful workers in Hong Kong the opportunity to offer their services in the regions.

Over the past year, Central Government has continued its efforts to open up its economy and prepare itself for globalization. In October 2014, China spearheaded the launch of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank with the objective to finance the development of infrastructure and other productive sectors in Asia.
In November 2014, the trading through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect commenced which should help expand and integrate the financial and capital markets in China and Hong Kong. In April 2015, China opened three more Free Trade Zones in Guangdong, Fujian and Tianjin in addition to the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone. The Free Trade Zone in Guangdong covers areas in Guangzhou, Zhuhai, Qianhai and Shekou which will benefit trade and finance in Hong Kong as 
The Hong Kong property market has been going through a period of change as a result of economic and property-related policies. During the financial year 20142015, buying sentiment improved and primary transaction volume saw favourable growth. The growth was predominantly driven by good demand and availability of new project launches. The Long-term Housing Strategy Committee released on 15th December, 2014 a comprehensive plan for housing supply in the next ten years to balance housing demand and supply and is conducive to maintaining stability of the Hong Kong property market. The Group, with a good mix of residential projects to be launched for sale in the next 12 months, will benefit from the prevailing market conditions. Further, the Group s resilient recurrent businesses, which comprise property leasing, hospitality and property management services, continue to contribute stable stream of income. With a good financial position, the Group is well-positioned to respond to challenges 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2015 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT (Continued) 
PROSPECTS (Continued) Management will continue to optimise earnings, enhance efficiency and productivity and improve the quality of products and services. In respect of property development and property management, the Group will incorporate more environmentally friendly elements in our projects. The Group will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and shareholders value.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support.
I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
Robert NG Chee Siong 
