I am pleased to present the 20072008 Annual Report to shareholders.

The Group achieved another record net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$7,720.9 million for the financial year ended 30th June, 2008, representing an increase of 23.2% compared with HK$6,267.2 million in the previous financial year. The turnover of the Group was HK$6,251.0 million and earnings per share for the year was 161.19 cents.

Excluding revaluation surplus on investment properties net of deferred tax of HK$4,347.5 million, the underlying net profit from operations was HK$3,373.4 million for the financial year 20072008 (2007: HK$3,904.4 million). The slight decrease in the underlying net profit was due to project timing resulting in less development projects completed in terms of gross floor area during the financial year 20072008 compared with that of last year.

The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 30 cents per share in respect of the year ended 30th June, 2008 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 13th November, 2008.
Together with the interim dividend of 10 cents per share, the total dividend for the full year is 40 cents per share.

The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 13th November, 2008; and (2) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.

A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be despatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 17th November, 2008. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates will be despatched to shareholders on or about 11th December, 2008.
(1) Sales Activities Turnover and earnings from sales of properties at subsidiary level for the financial year ended 30th June, 2008 were mainly contributed from the sales of residential units at Vision City, One SilverSea and the detached houses of St. Andrews Place completed in the previous financial years as well as sales of units in two newly completed residential projects in the financial year 20072008, namely One New York and Greenfields.

One New York, a residential project located in Kowloon West, Hong Kong, offering residents a modern metropolitan lifestyle, was completed and launched in November 2007. The project is within walking distance from the MTR Cheung Sha Wan Station. Sales received good market response with over 65% of its 132 units sold.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
12 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
(1) Sales Activities (Continued) Greenfields, a residential project located in Guangzhou, PRC, was completed in September 2007 and offers a total of 238 residential units with a clubhouse and parking facilities to residents. Market response to sales was good with 99% of its total units sold.

As to the major projects already completed namely Vision City, One SilverSea and St. Andrews Place, over 96%, 99% and 88% respectively of the total number of residential unitsdetached houses were sold.

Earnings from property sales at associate level were mainly derived from completed residential units in Mount Beacon located in Kowloon Tong, One HoneyLake in Shenzhen and Chengdu International Community in Chengdu, Sichuan. All of the remaining luxurious residential houses apartments in Mount Beacon have been sold. Approximately 99% of all the units in One HoneyLake have been sold and approximately 80% of the units launched to date in the Chengdu International Community have been 
During the financial year 20072008, the Group launched the sale of The Palazzo. Market response was good with over 80% of the total residential units sold. The Palazzo is conveniently located in the Shatin area overlooking spectacular panoramic views of the Shatin racecourse, the lush Penfold Park, Tolo Harbour and Shing Mun River. It is characterised by elegant architecture consisting of a total of 1,375 luxurious residential units and 220,000 square feet of enchanting clubhouse. Further, The Palazzo is easily accessed by public transportations and is next to the MTR Fo Tan Station.
The railway line will also link up with the Shatin to Central Link currently under planning. The project is expected to be completed and the earnings will be recognised in the coming financial year 20082009.

Sino Group strongly supported Hong Kong Welcomes the Torch with local artistes, singers and thousands of public members celebrating the remarkable event at Olympian City and Tuen Mun Town Plaza.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 13 
(1) Sales Activities (Continued) During the financial year ended 30th June, 2008, the Group completed three new residential projects, the final phase of One HoneyLake in Shenzhen and one phase of the Chengdu International Community in Chengdu. Details of the completed projects are presented in the table below with a total attributable gross floor area of over 1 million square 
Group s Attributable Location Usage Interest Gross Floor Area 
1. Chengdu International Residential 20% 540,258 
Xipu Zhen, Pi Xian, Jin Niu District, 
2. Greenfields Residential 100% 314,655 Chuangye Road, Retail Guangzhou Economic & Carparks 
Guangzhou Lot No. SZ-8-2, 
3. One HoneyLake Residential 50% 99,260 
4. One Madison Residential 100% 64,791 305 Castle Peak Road, Retail 
5. One New York Residential 100% 58,590 468 Castle Peak Road, Retail 
After the Sichuan 8.0 earthquake, Sino Group immediately echoed and supported the Public Vow campaign, an event initiated by the entertainment industry. Nearly 10,000 enthusiastic participants jammed into Olympian City and Tuen Mun Town Plaza and vowed to support long-term rehabilitation programmes in Sichuan 
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
14 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
(2) Land Bank As at 30th June, 2008, the Group has a land bank of approximately 44.8 million square feet of attributable gross floor area comprising a balanced portfolio of properties of which 69% is residential; 20% commercial; 5% industrial; 3% car parks and 3% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 34.0 million square feet consist of properties under development, 9.9 million square feet of properties for investmentown use and 0.9 million square feet of properties held for sale.
The Group will continue to selectively replenish its land bank, both in Hong Kong and in Mainland China, to optimise its earnings potential.

During the financial year 20072008, the Group acquired 7 plots of land for residential and commercial developments. Details of the acquisitions are as follows: 
Group s Attributable Location Usage Interest Gross Floor Area 
1. TPTL 186 (Site B) Residential 35% 250,072 Pak Shek Kok, Tai Po, New Territories, 
2. Aberdeen Inland Residential 35% 225,220 Lot No. 451, 
3. KIL 11192 Residential Joint 225,527 Beech StreetIvy Street, Retail Venture 
4. Lot No. 245 in Residential 100% 71,417 
No. 331, Cheung Sha, 
5. KIL 11181 Residential Joint 26,824 Baker Court, Retail Venture 
Sino Group s Life teaches me& Online Writing Competition, held from October 2007 to July 2008, received an overwhelming response with more than 4,000 students submitting articles and taking part in the writing seminars throughout the previous school year.

Sino Group Dragon Boat Elite Team clinched the Men s B Division competition championship in the 2008 Stanley International Dragon Boat Race demonstrating staff s strong team spirit across the group.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 15 
(2) Land Bank (Continued) 
Group s Attributable Location Usage Interest Gross Floor Area 
6. Chengdu Project Residential 100% 13,109,864 West of Cheng Kun Railway, Commercial East of Sha He, Hotel South of Cheng Luo Road, North of Ying Hui Road, Cheng Hua District, 
7. Chongqing Project Residential 50% 5,382,000 No. 1, Zhong Xing Duan, Commercial Qiao Bei Cun, Hotel Hua Xin Street, Jiang Bei District, 
(3) Property Development The Group expects to complete a total of 9 projects with an attributable gross floor area of approximately 5.1 million square feet in the coming financial year ending 30th June, 2009. Of the total gross floor area expected to be completed, approximately 4.5 million square feet are located in Hong Kong and the remaining are in Xiamen and Fuzhou, PRC. Details of the projects are as follows: 
Group s Attributable Location Usage Interest Gross Floor Area 
1. Project in Wu Kai Sha Residential Joint 1,858,405 (Ma On Shan) Retail Venture 
MTR Wu Kai Sha Station, 
2. The Palazzo Residential Joint 1,322,883 STTL 470, Retail Venture 
The Sino Group corporate team won two honours in the Community Chest Sports Corporate Challenge 2008, the Super Team Category Championship and Second Runner-up in the Corporate 
Sino Group and Hong Kong Organic Farm co-organised the whole-academic-year education programme A Day at Organic Farm from October 2007 to July 2008, inviting 10,000 primary and secondary school students all over Hong Kong to swap their classroom for nature to raise environmental awareness and promote healthy lifestyles by giving them a hands-on experience of organic farming.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
16 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
(3) Property Development (Continued) 
Group s Attributable Location Usage Interest Gross Floor Area 
3. Exchange Tower Commercial 100% 609,027 33 Wang Chiu Road, 
4. TWTL 394 Residential Joint 477,958 Yeung Uk Road, Retail Venture 
5. NKIL 6425 Residential Joint 134,043 Fuk Wing Street and Retail Venture Fuk Wa Street, 
6. Two Five Six Commercial 100% 71,862 256 Hennessy Road, 
7. Lot No. 2596 in DD92 Residential 100% 23,638 
8. Park Place Residential 100% 131,007 East of Jia He Lu & Retail South of Lian Hua Bei Lu, Xiamen Lot No. 89-C4, 
9. Sino International Plaza Commercial 100% 499,158 
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 17 
(4) Rental Activities The Group s rental portfolio continue to perform well in the financial year ended 30th June, 2008. The gross rental revenue, including the attributable share of its associates, increased by 19.1% to HK$1,915.2 million compared with HK$1,607.3 million in the previous financial year.

The gross rental revenue sustained substantial increase during the year under review. The overall increase in rental revenue was a broad-based rental increase for lease renewals and the high occupancy maintained across all sectors are indeed encouraging. Newly added rental properties also contributed well including Citywalk in Tsuen Wan, as well as the acquisition of the remaining interests in the development companies of Olympian City 1 and 2 shopping malls.

The Group has also rolled out a series of asset enhancement programmes on a continuing basis with specific focus on design upgrades, effective marketing and promotional events, improvement in quality of service and right tenant mix. Refurbishing and adding new facilities have made the Group s rental properties more attractive and these include Tuen Mun Town Plaza, China Hong Kong City and Shatin Galleria. Property redevelopment and use conversion on a continuing basis will enhance the value of the rental properties.

During the financial year 20072008, the Group has also improved the tenant mix of One Fullerton where a number of award-winning and renowned food and beverage outlets recently opened. The building of One Fullerton, which is located across from The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, was renovated with enhanced waterfront landscape and promenade. The move paves the way to establishing an integrated commercial development named The Fullerton Heritage at the heart of Singapore s central business district and Marina Bay. This development consists of The Fullerton Hotel Singapore, One Fullerton, The Fullerton Waterboat House, a 100-room luxurious boutique hotel named The Fullerton Bay Hotel, The Customs House and the Clifford Pier. The integrated development will offer a world-class waterfront entertainment and dining destination for tourists and locals.

This year, the Group organised a series of events in flagship shopping malls including Olympian City 2 and Tuen Mun Town Plaza to celebrate the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games. The Hong Kong Welcomes the Torch events on 2nd May, 2008 took place in both shopping malls and was well attended by the Chief Executive of the HKSAR, and by many celebrities and thousands of supporters. They all rejoiced and shared the Olympic spirit which was very much alive not only in the shopping malls but also throughout Hong Kong. This event was the first of a series of events which took place subsequently to celebrate the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
18 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
(4) Rental Activities (Continued) As at 30th June, 2008, the Group has approximately 9.9 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of properties for investmentown use, compared to 9.6 million square feet over the previous financial year. Of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 60%, industrial developments 16%, car parks 15%, hotels 6%, and residential 3%. The Group expects to complete a total of approximately 3.0 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of investment properties in the next few years which will further increase its recurrent income base.

The Fullerton Hotel Singapore The tourism industry in Singapore has experienced four consecutive calendar years of record growth since 2004. Visitor arrivals in Singapore grew by approximately 4.3% to 10.4 million in the 12-month period from July 2007 to June 2008, up from 9.9 million in the 12-month period from July 2006 to June 2007. The average length of stay has also increased to 3.89 days from 3.53 days over the same periods of comparison. Given that a good increase in business travel resulted from growing economic activity and business conferences, The Fullerton Hotel Singapore recorded favourable growth in average room rate whilst maintaining high occupancy level during the financial year 20072008.

Singapore s tourism and hospitality industries are set for further growth in the medium to long term due to more and more tourism related infrastructure and upgraded developments. These include the new two- berth International Cruise Terminal at Marina South that will double its existing cruise ship capacity; the rejuvenation of Orchard Road and transformation of Marina Bay area into a world class city; and the revitalization of Singapore River into a 24-hour entertainment precinct.
Major events such as the upcoming Formula 1 Grand Prix scheduled for 28th September, 2008 and the Youth Olympic Games in 2010 to be hosted in Singapore will also be positive for The Fullerton as it will enjoy high visibility and business.

The Fullerton places an emphasis on providing high quality products and services to the discerning guests. Management makes continuous efforts to strengthen the competitiveness of the hotel. During the financial year 20072008, the Group carried out renovations to upgrade its amenities and facilities. The business centre in the lobby was converted to high-end retail space with all five retail outlets already leased out. A new business centre was established on the first floor. The new Post Bar outlet in Terminal 3 of Changi Airport has been operating since opening in January 2008 and offering customers its quality food and beverages as well as a range of signature cocktails in a relaxing and comfortable environment round the 
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 19 
(5) Hotels (Continued) The Fullerton Hotel Singapore (Continued) The Fullerton has received a number of awards from respected organisations and magazines in recognition of its standards of service during the period from July 2007 to September 2008. These awards were as follows: 
" The Top 100 Hotels in the World s Best Awards by Travel + Leisure 
" Reader s Choice Awards by Cond Nast Traveler (2007) " The World s Best Hotels 2007 by Institutional Investor " Ranked the third in both Top Business Hotels and Top Conference Hotels in Best in Travel Poll 2007 by SmartTravelAsia.com " Best Accommodation Experience Deluxe Hotel in the Tourism Awards Singapore (2008) " Named one of the World s Best Hotels in Asia in the T+L500 by Travel + Leisure (2008) " Ranked the third in the Gold List World s Best Places to Stay by Cond Nast Traveler (2008) among the hotels in Singapore " Singapore s Leading Hotel by World Travel Awards 2008 " Ranked the third in Top Business Hotels and the second in Top Conference Hotels in Best in Travel Poll 2008 by SmartTravelAsia.com 
In April this year, management was delighted to receive a compliment from Mr. Lim Neo Chian, Deputy Chairman and Chief Executive of Singapore Tourism Board, who stated in a forum that The Fullerton was one of the handpicked stars because of its emphasis on customer service. His statement has encouraged us to continue to go the extra mile to enhance our quality 
Conrad Hong Kong Visitor arrivals in Hong Kong remained strong increasing to 29.3 million for the 12-month period between 1st July, 2007 and 30th June, 2008, from 26.0 million for the previous 12-month period. While visitors from Mainland China continued to be the main contributor to the growth of the tourism industry in Hong Kong, visitors from other areas such as Europe, UK, Australia and South Korea were on the rise.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
20 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
(5) Hotels (Continued) Conrad Hong Kong (Continued) The HKSAR Government s efforts to continuously promote Hong Kong tourism industry by introducing various type of thematic travel attractions such as the 2008 Hong Kong Summer Temptations, Visa Million Dollar Lucky Draw , and weekend family travel for people living in Guangdong province are contributing factors to making Hong Kong a vibrant and interesting city for visitors. Establishing Hong Kong as a MICE (Meeting, Incentive, Convention, Exhibition) destination is conducive to increasing business travel. The award of Best MICE City given to Hong Kong by CEI Asia Pacific Magazine in January 2008 indicates that Hong Kong s conference support and quality of services have gained overseas recognition.

During the financial year 20072008, Conrad Hong Kong performed well, recording good growth in occupancy rate, room sales and average room rate compared with the previous financial year 20062007. Following the completion of the renovation of all its guest rooms, Nicholini s restaurant and Pacific Bar, Conrad Hong Kong has scheduled to renovate the remaining restaurants and shop. The asset enhancement programme shall continue and ensure that the hotel offers customers enjoyable and comfortable stays with the hotel.

In recognition of the quality of service of Conrad Hong Kong, it has received the following awards from respected organisations and magazines during the period from July 2007 to September 2008: 
" The World s Best Hotels 2007 by Institutional Investor " China s Top Hotels 2007 by Travel + Leisure China " Gold List World s Best Places to Stay by Cond Nast Traveler 
" ALB Editor s Choice 2008 for the Best Business Hotels in Hong Kong by Asian Legal Business (2008) " The three restaurants operated by the hotel namely Nicholini s, Brasserie on the Eighth and Golden Leaf have received the Hong Kong Tatler Best Restaurants Award by Hong Kong Tatler (2008) " Top 50 Hotels: Asia in the World s Best Awards by Travel + Leisure 
" One of the Top Business Hotels in the Best in Travel Poll 2008 by 
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 21 
(6) Mainland Business The global economy has been undergoing a period of adjustment since the end of 2007. In particular, sub-prime issues in the United States and inflationary pressure have caused a slowdown in the economic growth of the major economies. China, as one of the major trading partners of the United States and other major economies, has inevitably been affected.
Coupled with Mainland China s own internal policy measures, there have been corrections in the property market. As a result, the Group has not acquired any sites for property development since August 2007.

However, the Group is positive about the economic prospects of Mainland China. The economic growth of China will continue despite some short- term adjustments. Given the Central Government s recent stance to implement measures to boost economic growth as their top policy agenda, this is positive to the development of property market on the Mainland over the medium to long term. The Group s commitment to building quality properties and providing after-sales professional property management services have been the key factors in achieving customer satisfaction and we are committed to doing the same for projects in Mainland China.

As at 30th June, 2008, the Group has a total of 27.4 million square feet of land bank in China, of which 26.8 million square feet are development land bank and the remaining are completed properties for investment and for sale purposes.

Management would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt sympathy to those who suffered profound loss in the Sichuan earthquakes.
The Group s projects in Cheng Hua District of Chengdu and Jiang Bei District of Chongqing were not affected by the earthquakes and no damage has been reported as the sites were bare land at that time. The Central Government s programme to rebuild the affected areas will induce more investment demand nationwide associated with reconstruction and 
Other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th June, 2007.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
22 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
As at 30th June, 2008, the Group s gearing was 20.9%, expressed as a percentage of bank and other borrowings net of cash and bank balances over shareholders equity. The decrease in gearing compared with that as at 30th June, 2007 was mainly due to the receipt of the sales proceeds from the sales of residential units in Vision City, One SilverSea, houses in St. Andrews Place and receipts from sales of The Palazzo as well as a share placement of 220 million new ordinary shares at HK$19.57 per share on 24th September, 2007. Of the total borrowings, 25.9% was repayable within one year, 38.5% repayable between one and two years and 35.6% repayable between two and five years. The Group s borrowings are subject to floating interest rates. The Group, including the attributable share of its associates, had cash resources of approximately HK$13,742.2 million, comprising cash on hand of approximately HK$4,719.8 million together with committed undrawn facilities of approximately HK$9,022.4 million. All the cash on hand is in the form of deposits in banks of high credit ratings. Total assets and shareholders funds of the Group were HK$86.2 billion and HK$58.7 billion respectively.

There was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the Group for the financial year ended 30th June, 2008. Foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level.

The Group places great significance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. With the objective of achieving best practice of corporate governance, the Group has established an Audit Committee, a Compliance Committee and a Remuneration Committee. The Group is committed to maintaining good corporate transparency as well as good communication with investors and shareholders through various channels such as non-deal roadshows, investor conferences, results briefings, site visits and corporate website to disseminate information about the Group s latest developments.

The Group reaffirms its commitment to building quality projects. In keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, the Group will wherever possible ensure that attractive design concepts and features, which are also environmentally friendly, are integral elements of its developments. Management continues to conduct regular reviews of its properties and where necessary makes improvements to maintain its reputation for the highest standards of quality and service.

Delivering high-quality customer service has long been one of the Group s key business objectives. During the financial year ended 30th June, 2008, the Group s Sino Property Services received a number of awards from the HKSAR Government and other respected organisations in recognition of its quality of service, management capability, contributions to the community and charitable services, and the promotion of environmental protection. The Group will continue to make improvements in its quality of service so as to ensure customer satisfaction and 
Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 23 
To further the Group s commitment to good corporate citizenship, our Community Care Committee (the Committee ) works closely with different charitable and voluntary organisations to arrange various community services for the needy.

On the environmental protection side, the Group has collaborated on projects with a number of international organisations from promoting environmental protection to co-organising activities to inspire public interest in protecting natural resources and encourage the concept of green living.

It is also the Group s belief that supporting local arts and cultural activities is important to foster creativity, reinforce public awareness and encourage Hong Kong people s artistic appreciation. The Committee will continue to roll out activities for staff participation as well as to serve the community in the years to 
The financial year 20072008 was indeed a challenging year. The impact of the price inflation of commodities has spread out to a range of industries. The consolidation of the US economy triggered by sub-prime issues, the housing market, a tightening of credit in financial markets and the problems in mortgage backed securities have affected the world economic growth in general. However, government authorities have responded in a timely manner with appropriate and decisive fiscal and monetary stimulus and other measures to foster confidence and to promote a return of the economy to a sustained path.

Although there has been volatility in equity markets, continuous economic growth in Mainland China, infrastructure developments both within Hong Kong and in Pearl River Delta Region as well as Hong Kong s own economic fundamentals continued to drive the economic growth of Hong Kong. On the other hand, the challenging global economic climate has recently caused consolidation in residential property prices this year but such consolidation is considered a short-term adjustment within a long-term growth cycle. A short term adjustment in the residential property market will bring in a healthy and sustainable growth in the medium to long run.

Notwithstanding the present global economic environment, the underlying macro economic environment in Hong Kong remains fundamentally sound with economic growth at a reasonably favourable level, the unemployment rate staying low and vibrant trade flows between Hong Kong and Mainland China. Furthermore, the negative real interest rate environment, a broad-based increase in payrolls partly balancing out inflation, mortgage rates at comparatively low levels, improvement in home purchase affordability are all positive indicators for the property market to grow in Hong Kong.

Chairman s Statement (Continued) 
24 Sino Land Company Limited Annual Report 2008 
The budget of the HKSAR Government for the fiscal year 200809 proposing a series of incentives focusing on the reduction of certain tax rates is conducive to alleviating the burden of tax-payers. Investment in infrastructure developments including the new railway links of the West Island Line, the South Island Line and confirmation of the Shatin to Central Link as well as the upgrading programme for the Hong Kong International Airport are positives for the Hong Kong economy and property market. Further, the proposed Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge will further enhance economic links among these cities and to other Mainland cities which will certainly benefit Hong Kong s economy. As the majority of the Group s assets are in Hong Kong, the Group is well positioned to gain from positive economic and property market factors.

China, Asia s second largest economy, has shown signs of stabilising with inflation gradually contained as government measures have taken effect. Central Government has also indicated that the national economy under macroeconomic control measures is continuing to develop in their expected direction. There have been signs that maintaining economic growth is on top of the Central Government s economic policy agenda. Prospects for the China s economy are good over the medium to long term.

The Group continues to be prudently positioned to benefit from opportunities that will arise in the future and will strive to optimise earnings, improve the quality of its properties and services, and enhance customers lifestyles. The Group will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank both in Hong Kong and China, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and profitability, and continue to deliver shareholder value. The Directors are indeed confident in the medium to long term prospects of the Group.

I would like to welcome Mr. Ringo Chan Wing Kwong and Mr. Sunny Yeung Kwong who joined the Board as Executive Directors with effect from 1st January, 2008 and 1st July, 2008 respectively.

On behalf of the Board, I take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise 
Robert NG Chee Siong 
