Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2012.
Profit and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 amounted to HK$25 million, representing a decrease of HK$83 million or 77% from HK$108 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011. Earnings per share were HK 0.8 cents (2011: HK 3.5 cents).
The decrease in profit was due to the fact that commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of toll fees in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of the Group was provisionally suspended. Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right and pending the final conclusion of the resulting arbitration case, for the sake of prudence, the toll fee income during the period from 20 March 2012 to 31 December 2012 in the amount of HK$254 million (after deduction of PRC business tax) has not been recognized in the accounts of the Group.
At 31 December 2012, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$1,536 million or HK$0.50 per share.

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 11 June 2013, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012 will amount to HK 4.0 cents per share (2011: HK 4.0 cents per share). Final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on Wednesday, 19 June 
The Group is engaged in the infrastructure business in mainland China. The core asset of the Group is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge in Zhejiang Province, which is a major trunk route linking Beijing and Fujian Province. It is located on National Highway No.104 in Zhejiang Province, spanning approximately 5.8 km over the Qiantangjiang River in Hangzhou and connecting the urban parts of Southern Hangzhou and Xiaoshan and Binjiang. The toll bridge is also an important nodal point for access to major roads leading to the Hangzhou Airport.
During the year ended 31 December 2012, the total toll revenue generated by Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge amounted to HK$317 million, representing an increase of HK$18 million or 6% when compared with that of HK$299 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011.
However, commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of toll fees in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of the Group was provisionally suspended.
Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right, for the sake of prudence, the toll fee income during the period from 20 March 2012 to 31 December 2012 in the amount of HK$254 million (after deduction of PRC business tax) has not been recognized in the accounts of the Group. Hence, the Group s turnover for the year ended 31 December 2012 decreased by HK$236 million or 79% to HK$63 million as compared to HK$299 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2011.
The above issue of toll fee collection right is subject to arbitration by China International Economic and Trade 
Background and Latest Development of the Arbitration The Group has a 60% interest in Hangzhou Henderson Qianjiang Third Bridge Company Limited (the Joint Venture Company ) which has been granted the operating right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge for a period of 30 years from 20 March 1997 (commencement date of bridge operation). This project was approved by Hangzhou Foreign Economic Relations and Trade Commission in 1997 and was further approved by National Development and Reform Commission (formerly known as State Development & Planning Committee) in 1999. The General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province notified Zhejiang Province Department of Communications and other relevant government authorities in 2003 to provisionally fix the period for entitlement to toll fees in respect of 39 toll roads and highways in the province. In the case of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, which was also included in the list, the period was provisionally fixed at 15 years (from 20 March 1997 to 19 March 2012). The Joint Venture Company immediately took action to seek clarification and obtained from the Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications a written pledge that the operating period of 30 years would remain unchanged. They also shared the view that the operating right and the toll fee collection right should be for the same period. For the sake of reassurance, the Joint Venture Company wrote to the People s Government of Zhejiang Province and Zhejiang Province Department of Communications (collectively the Authorities ) in June 2011 requesting their confirmation that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right would last for the same period of 30 years. The Joint Venture Company also on 9 February 2012 filed with the Legislative Affairs Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province an administrative reconsideration application for the purpose of seeking an order to oblige the Authorities to carry out their statutory duties to officially confirm that the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge should be for a period of 
On 20 March 2012, the Joint Venture Company received a letter dated 18 March 2012 from mg]W] V ] z S}T6e{tU (Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office) (the Hangzhou Toll Office ), which stated that, because the General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province in 2003 provisionally fixed the period of entitlement to toll fees in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to end on 19 March 2012, they would, commencing from 20 March 2012, provisionally suspend payment of toll fees to the Joint Venture Company in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. The Hangzhou Toll Office is the relevant government body in Hangzhou that records the traffic flow and makes payments of toll fees from Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge pursuant to the terms of an agreement dated 5 February 2004 (the Collection Agreement ) entered into between the Joint Venture Company and the Hangzhou Toll Office. The Hangzhou Toll Office also stated in the letter that they would, in accordance with the terms of the Collection Agreement, continue to record the traffic flow of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge and work with the Joint Venture Company. The Joint Venture Company was instructed by the Company to write to the Hangzhou Toll Office to state that the action taken by the Hangzhou Toll Office had no legal or contractual basis and was unacceptable, and to ask the Hangzhou Toll Office to clarify the basis of their action. The letter also called on the Hangzhou Toll Office to continue to perform its obligations under the Collection Agreement failing which the Joint Venture Company would have no alternative but to take legal action to protect its interests.
Subsequent to further negotiations with the Authorities, the Joint Venture Company on 6 June 2012 received a letter from Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications which stated that Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications had been confirmed and assigned by Hangzhou Municipal People s Government to negotiate concretely with the Joint Venture Company and strive to properly deal with the related matters resulting from the provisional suspension of the toll fee payment of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge commencing from 20 March 2012 as soon as possible.
The letter also stated that the corresponding compensation matters proposed by the Joint Venture Company would also be dealt with in due course. However, Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications still failed to put forward any acceptable proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge.
Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer mentioned above, for the sake of prudence, the toll fee income from 20 March 2012 (being the commencement date for the provisional suspension of the toll fee payment from the Hangzhou Toll Office to the Joint Venture Company) onwards has not been recognized in the accounts of the Group. Besides, in order to protect its interest and in accordance with the terms of the Collection Agreement, the Joint Venture Company had on 17 September 2012 filed an arbitration application with China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ) against the Hangzhou Toll Office, as the first respondent, and Hangzhou Municipal People s Government, as the second respondent, for an arbitration award that, inter alia, the first respondent and the second respondent should continue to perform their obligations under the Collection Agreement by paying toll fees of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to the Joint Venture Company and be liable for the damages for the breach of contract and the relevant outstanding toll fees together with the legal and arbitration costs incurred.
CIETAC had on 12 November 2012 confirmed its acceptance to administer the above arbitration case. CIETAC s decision for the composition of an arbitral tribunal, as well as its notification of commencement of proceedings, are both 
The Group does not believe that the provisional suspension of payment of toll fee from the Hangzhou Toll Office to the Joint Venture Company commencing from 20 March 2012 has any legal or contractual basis as the Group has obtained a legal opinion from an independent PRC law firm that the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company should be for the same period of 30 years as the operating right enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company. Based on such advice, amortization and calculation of the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right in the consolidated accounts of the Group are on the basis that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge last for a period of 30 years expiring on 19 March 2027. There is, however, uncertainty as to any further response of the Authorities andor Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications and the outcome of the arbitration case. Based on the future development of the aforesaid, the Group would have to reconsider the remaining useful life andor the recoverable amount of the intangible 
Currently, the core operating assets of the Group comprise its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. If the Group ceases to have an economic interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, the Board would, if appropriate opportunity arises, identify suitable investments for the Group. In the event that no suitable investments are identified and acquired by the Group, its assets would consist substantially of cash. As a result, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited may consider that the Company does not have a sufficient level of operations or sufficient assets to warrant the continued listing of the Company s shares and may suspend dealings in or cancel the listing of the shares.

The Group will follow up closely with the development of the arbitration case and continue to pursue further negotiations with the relevant PRC authority with a view to achieving a settlement relating to the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge that is in the interest of the Group and its shareholders as a whole.
The Group may report a loss from operations in the current financial period unless the arbitration proceedings result in a determination or the parties come to an agreement in each case satisfactory to the Group or suitable investment that may be identified by the Group produces satisfactory income.

Mr. Lee King Yue, Mr. Kwok Ping Ho and Mr. Wong Ho Ming, Augustine, executive directors of the Company, retired by rotation at the annual general meeting of the Company held on 11 June 2012 and did not offer themselves for re-election as directors of the Company. I would like to express my gratitude to them for their support, devotion and invaluable contribution to the Company.
I would also like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow directors for their guidance and to all staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
