CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT To Our Shareholders We are pleased to present our 2007 annual report herein.
Despite the worldwide fallout from the sub-prime crisis as well as the highly volatile equity markets towards the last quarter of 2007, the level of interest in investments into China has still not abated. In response to increasing discontented sentiment in the country, the Central Government added further cooling measures which made market entry for newcomers bringing overseas funds into China for investment and speculation on the renminbi all that more difficult if not impossible. Fortunately for us, we have been a player since the early 90 s and have therefore established corporate entities in China which can continue to invest in new projects and ventures through existing channels.
In light of the continued remarkable economic growth of China in 2007, and in particular in the prosperous Eastern China region of Shanghai and Jiangsu province, New Heritage has continued to engage in developing and completing its residential projects and adding further to its land bank in the Suzhou metropolitan area. The skill needed was to identify market opportunities which were comparatively less well attended by other developers keen to capitalise on the rising interest in established second-tier cities such as Suzhou.
The Group incorporates total living solutions into the design philosophy of its projects, upgrading our product quality and customer service where it counts.
This development strategy has been the cornerstone for the marketability of our Group s products and has enabled us to achieve complete sellout of Phase One of our Wuzhong Garden Court project during the period under review.
Planning of the low-density residential project in the historical Guangfu Town of Wuzhong District, Suzhou has begun in earnestness and will focus on semi- detached townhouses, with a total gross floor area exceeding 92,000 sq.m.
upon completion, of modern Chinese style exteriors to match the surrounding environment and spectacular scenery.
In early April 2007, the Group signed a sale & purchase agreement with strategic partner Asia Financial Holdings Limited ( AFH , Hong Kong Stock Exchange Code 662). AFH was interested to acquire a stake in one of our subsidiaries for a consideration of HK$45.0 million plus provision of an interest- free shareholder s loan of HK$12.0 million. The deal had the unanimous support of shareholders of the Group at the relevant Extraordinary General Meeting held on 1 June 2007. The disposal of a 9.615% interest held by the Group in New Heritage Development Limited to Onsite Investment Limited, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of AFH, brought to the Group a gain of approximately HK$23.3 million after the deduction of related expenses. The transaction also resulted in firmer ties between the Group and AFH.
We have been in discussions with AFH and have made progress regarding diversifying investments geographically. In June 2007, the Group subscribed to a US$5.5 million convertible note in Key Apex Limited ( Key Apex ), which gave us the opportunity to participate in 10% indirect interest in a project in the thriving Jia Ding District in Shanghai, where the Shanghai International Circuit, venue of the first Formula One Grand Prix held in China, is located. Jiading is also the focus city of an eleven year Sino-German project on Mega Region Transport Systems for Shanghai which began in 2005. The ultimate controlling shareholder of Key Apex is an associate of AFH and other shareholders include AFH. The Group will be one of the shareholders of Key Apex upon conversion of the convertible note.
In July 2007, the Group added to its land bank another approximately 58,400 sq.m. in gross floor area of prime land in the Wuzhong Development Area. The land is designated for commercialoffice use.
Then, in October 2007, the Group completed a HK$235.0 million fundraising exercise through issuing 307,708,550 rights shares at HK$0.52 per share and HK$75 million of 5% convertible notes. The rights shares were issued on the basis of three rights shares for every eight existing shares held on 7 September 2007. The convertible notes were subscribed by AFH and its wholly owned subsidiary Asia Insurance Company, Limited.
As when we first identified our initial project site in Wuzhong District, we have taken similar steps of pre-acquisition research and analyses in order to acquire another promising piece of land in Shengze Town, Wujiang in a land auction in 
For the year ended 31 December 2007, New Heritage s revenue and profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group were approximately HK$184.6 million and HK$36.1 million respectively. Earnings per share was 4.2 HK cents.
The Directors have recommended payment of a final dividend of 1 HK cent per ordinary share in cash for the year ended 31 December 2007 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 9 May 2008. Subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, the dividend warrants will be dispatched to shareholders on or around 26 May 2008.

With the effective completion and delivery of Phase One of Wuzhong Garden Court at the end of 2007, the success of a new project in a new neighbourhood has underlined our Group s well-earned reputation as a respected and branded residential developer in Suzhou s medium- to high-end residential market. The appealing lifestyle concept realised by the buyers of such property in another emerging Central Business District ( CBD ) in Wuzhong District has reaffirmed the dynamic growth of Suzhou s urban homeowners purchasing power and 
The visionary move on the part of our Board and business development team into Wuzhong District and beyond has produced most encouraging indicators for our next stage of land acquisition and development. However, our excitement is still tempered somewhat by the dampening measures being implemented by the authorities to deal with rampant speculation and developers who have no serious intention of bringing good products to market in a timely manner.
We have great confidence in our business, riding on our proven approach in identifying promising sites and pursuing related acquisitions, our healthy profit margins and ability to deliver outstanding products in untapped districts in 
I wish to express my deepest thanks to our strategic partners Spinnaker Capital Group and AFH for their support, in forms of participation at the Company level as well as direct investment in our projects, giving us added resources and spirit to take our business forward.
Last but not least, my sincere gratitude to my fellow Board members and hardworking staff who all shoulder the heavy responsibilities we have for the challenges and prospects which lie ahead of us.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2008 