Chairman s Statement To Our Shareholders On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present to you our 2010 
Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2010, New Heritage s revenue rose 45% from the previous year to HK$375.5 million (HK$258.9 million in 2009). Its profit attributable to the owners of the Company rose 14% from the previous year to HK$18.1 million (HK$15.9 million in 2009).
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 0.5 HK cents per ordinary share (0.4 HK cents in 2009) in cash for the year ended 31 December 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 14 April 2011, and will seek the approval of the Company s shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 14 April 2011 for the payment of this final dividend. The dividend warrants are expected to be dispatched to registered shareholders on or around 28 April 2011.
Business Review and Outlook The Company has achieved its highest annual revenue since listing despite the various unfavourable measures introduced during the course of 2010 to dampen property market speculation in the major cities and municipalities of the PRC. This milestone was due to the successful concurrent sales of its Wuzhong Garden Court, Taihu Garden Court and Lakeside Garden Court projects in 3 distinct markets and market segments within greater Suzhou City.
Additionally, its associated company Beijing Landmark Towers Co., Ltd.
( Beijing Landmark ) recorded profitable recovery and posted strong 
Looking forward, we believe that the coming few years will present challenges as well as opportunities in the PRC property market. With inflation being a major concern of the government, it is inevitable, we believe, that interest rates will continue to rise more substantially than has been the case in 2010 and there will be continued pressure on the Renminbi to appreciate against the US dollar.
However, demand for properties from consumers will continue to be strong as a hedge against inflation and preserver of personal asset values. There are few proven and less riskier alternative channels for investment of substantial personal wealth in the PRC. Also, the continued urbanisation trend and the rejuvenation of old dilapidated city areas encourage growth and capital flow into the property sector. Secondary and tertiary cities and primary and secondary districts within these cities are all areas that supply land and good development 
New Heritage will position itself to take advantage of the increase of rising property prices by creating and bringing to the market more appealing properties, whilst maintaining a reasonable gearing ratio and satisfactory turnover. We have traditionally focussed our development in secondary cities with great growth potential such as Suzhou and within its primary and secondary districts such as Wuzhong and Wujiang which offer sound fundamentals to attract and establish business operations and social communities. We shall continue to source deals in these and other cities and districts both coastal and inland, where we believe the combination of relatively cheaper land in these areas (compared to primary cities) and rising incomes of residents will be positive for our business.
As our Group continuously aims to improve and refine our products, we will also diversify our market deliverables by adding more commercial products to our predominantly residential portfolio. We shall pay even more attention to environmentally friendly building methods and materials as this will be an important factor for buyers and the government as the PRC continues its economic development with an emphasis on sustainability and eco-friendly 
We have accumulated a good land reserve combination of residential land, both low and higher density, and land for commercial development including office, retail as well as Small OfficeHome Office ( SOHO ) units which will all be available for the Group s development in the coming few years. Added to this, Beijing Landmark has given our senior management a few decades presence in the hotel, office and serviced apartment sectors in Beijing and the expected upswings in those sectors in the coming year will contribute positively.
Our development and expansion would not have been possible without the continued support from our strategic partners and our bankers and their ongoing participation for which we are most grateful. May I take this opportunity to thank each of our Board members, staff and colleagues for their ongoing dedicated work and commitment throughout the year and beyond to bring about better returns to our investors and shareholders.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2011 