Chairman’s Statement
Results and Dividends
For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group’s revenue was approximately
HK$524.3 million (2013: HK$212.4 million). Profit attributable to owners of
the Company was approximately HK$16.3 million (2013: loss attributable to
owners of the Company: HK$14.7 million). Basic earnings per share were
approximately 1.21 HK cents (2013: basic loss per share: 1.14 HK cents).
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Directors” or the “Board”) does
not recommend the payment of a dividend at this time. Consequently, no
dividend was proposed for the year ended 31 December 2014.
Business Review and Outlook
The year 2014 was an important year for the Group to continue its ongoing
successes and pave the way for future progress. Mr. WONG Hong King has
completed the acquisition of interests in the Company during the year and
became the controlling shareholder of LVGEM (China) Real Estate Investment
Company Limited (“LVGEM (China)”) (formerly known as New Heritage
Holdings Ltd.), opening a new chapter in the Group’s development. Adhering
to the philosophy of “Construct the Green Dream House” and led by a visionary
management team with practical experience, LVGEM (China) has formulated
short to long-term development plans after keeping abreast of market trends
and conducting acute analysis. These plans aim to accelerate external
expansion and optimise the internal corporate management model so as to
create new growth drivers for the Group.
Expanding business presence and accelerating business development
In the second half of 2014, a number of cities in Mainland China have relaxed
or even cancelled the Home Purchase Restriction measures and limits on
mortgages. In 2015, the Central Government has continued to remove the
restrictions on the property market to stimulate purchasing power within the
market. The Group believes that these actions send positive signals about
the prospects of the property industry and its own growth. The Group has
continued to implement its short to long-term development plans, which include
expanding its business geographically from Suzhou to other cities in Southern
China, evaluating projects in different regions and increasing land bank in
Suzhou, Shenzhen and other cities in Southern China in a timely manner, to lay
a solid foundation for the Group’s sustainable development in the future.
Diversifying business and enhancing profitability
As for its scope of business, the Group will implement diverse strategies
to develop and/or invest in businesses in addition to residential properties,
including quality office buildings, shopping malls, serviced apartments and
hotels. Through the meticulous planning of the new management team, the
Group has signed a letter of intent relating to proposed acquisition of a parcel of
land and the building project above the parcel in Bao’an District in Shenzhen in
October 2014. Once the acquisition is confirmed, the project would generate a
continuous and stable cash flow and attractive rental income for the Group. The
project, if acquired, would not only help enhancing the Group’s profitability and
capital accumulation capability but also pave the way for the development of
other new projects.
Optimising corporate management and improving operational efficiency
In order to achieve long-term and stable growth, in the second half of 2014, the
Group has started to optimise the organisational structure of the management
and staff teams in Hong Kong and Suzhou while improving operational
efficiency through strengthening internal controls. The Group has also
updated the electronic financial information system for more timely delivery of
management information and the improvement of work efficiency. In addition,
the Group has strived to improve its cash collection management by measures
such as strengthening the cooperation with partnering banks, enhancing the
collection of sales revenue, and reinforcing the Group’s ability in cash flow
management.
Keeping abreast of market developments and identifying outstanding opportunities
The Group resolves to capitalise on past achievements in order to prepare for
a better future in 2015. Despite that the property market in China offers rich
growth potential under the policy of relaxing credit, the current challenges
and risks should not be overlooked. The Group formulates strategy based on
an analysis of prevailing market conditions, and is carefully evaluating other
potential businesses and seeks breakthroughs through consolidating property
development and investment businesses. With regard to this, the Group
is considering introducing community O2O service platform to residential
properties, to offer convenient and intelligent online and offline property
management services to residents and improve their living standard, as well as
broaden the Group’s income stream. Riding on an experienced management
team and a clear development roadmap, the Group is confident of generating
stable and fruitful returns for our investors.
In closing, I would like to express my gratitude to my fellow members of the
Board and all of our staff for their dedication and support. My fondest wish is,
with the concerted efforts of all of us, to drive the Group forward and achieve
rapid growth. I would also like to thank our partners and shareholders for their
encouragement and trust.
HUANG Jingshu
Chairman
Hong Kong, 17 March 2015
