CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT To Our Shareholders It gives me great pleasure to present to you our 2009 annual report.
Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2009, New Heritage s revenue and profit attributable to the equity holders of the Group were approximately HK$259 million and HK$16 million respectively. Earnings per share was 1.4 HK cents.
The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of 0.4 HK cents per ordinary share in cash for the year ended 31 December 2009 to shareholders whose name appears on the register of members of the Company on 9 June 
Subject to the approval of the Company s shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting on 9 June 2010, the dividend warrants will be dispatched to registered shareholders on or around 24 June 2010.
Business Review and Outlook In hindsight, the huge stimulus package by the Central Government at the end of 2008 was timely and necessary and has by official statistics kept the year-on- year growth of GDP in China at around 8.7% in 2009. This has earned the PRC economy much admiration around the world and marveled at for its resilience and its important role in averting a 1930 s-like global depression. Nevertheless the Chinese authorities have recognised that such large positive interventionism can cause other potential problems down the road such as rising prices and pressure on interest rates and exchange rates amongst other economic indicators, so the Central Government has again acted swiftly in the first two months of 2010 to rein in relaxed bank lending fuelling the excessive demand.
We somewhat anticipate that 2010 will continue to see strong transaction volumes in the PRC housing market but with smaller price rises than has been the case in the last twelve months.
New Heritage has for some years now worked hard to align itself favourably within the stop-start cycles of the centrally-controlled Chinese economy. We aim to sell more products during periods of strong economic growth and sentiment and build or acquire land during the periods of economic slowdown or contraction in order to maximise our profit margins. When the surrounding real estate markets are more mature and on an upward cycle, our timely disposal of our investment properties should also reap us higher margins.
Our niche development strategy continues to be among the earliest Hong Kong- listed specialist property developers with a high quality product to acquire sites in high potential new development zones or townships in the affluent Yangtze River Delta region. We were one of the first Hong Kong property companies established in the Suzhou National New & Hi-tech Industrial Development Zone in 1991. Again in 2005, we were one of the first Hong Kong-listed developers to acquire a site in the Suzhou Wuzhong New District. Then in 2007, we were again the first Hong Kong-listed developer to bid successfully for sites in the affluent townships of Guangfu and Shengzhe in the Wuzhong and Wujiang counties of Suzhou respectively. The presence of a branded developer such as New Heritage has instilled a positive perception on the attractiveness of the newly developing areas and townships where governments have been making large infrastructure investments and encouraging local residents to resettle there. Having a branded developer in these locales also makes the area more attractive for further industrial or commercial investment and residential land sales, and raises the bar for residential standards in the area.
Our existing land bank continues to provide us with ample development prospects for at least the next few years. We have continued to focus our attention on the greater Suzhou metropolitan surrounding areas in order to realise the best economies of scale from our development, management and sales teams. Decision-making is more efficient and with several projects proceeding simultaneously in different districts, we can sell them concurrently and expedite the income streams from our projects. Within our project development teams, we continue to place great emphasis on fast project turnaround times and efficient sales to ensure a healthy cash flow. This may sometimes not maximise the possible prices for each unit that we sell but overall this has proven to be in the best interests of the Group in terms of prudent financial and risk management.
I am particularly grateful to our strategic partners for their ongoing participation and especially for being so understanding and supportive over the last 12 months which have been difficult for all concerned. Also, the long term banking relationships we have forged in both Hong Kong and the local major banks in Suzhou who have stood by us and even increased their lending to us as we started construction of new projects during the downturn months, is deeply appreciated. This has enabled us to have more product to sell during the 
Last but certainly not least, I wish to convey my heartfelt thanks to fellow Board members, staff and colleagues for their hard work and sacrifices over the last year for the sake of the Group and its shareholders, ultimately to earn their confidence as we strive towards success.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2010 