Chairman s Statement To Our Shareholders On behalf of the Board of Directors of the Company (the Directors or the Board ), I am pleased to present to you our 2011 annual report.
Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2011, New Heritage s revenue decreased slightly from approximately HK$375.5 million in last year to approximately HK$375.2 million in 2011. The profit attributable to the owners of the Company decreased by approximately 33% from the previous year to approximately HK$12.2 million (HK$18.1 million in 2010).
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 0.3 HK cents per ordinary share (0.5 HK cents in 2010) in cash for the year ended 31 December 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 22 May 2012, and will seek the approval of the Company s shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2012 for the payment of this final dividend. The dividend warrants are expected to be dispatched to registered shareholders in July 2012.
Business Review and Outlook The Central Government of the PRC has since the second half of 2011 unswervingly maintained its austerity measures and curbs on property transactions in order to tame house prices and to curb speculative investment.
In addition, they have sped up the building of affordable housing projects, mainly by local government authorities or their related property companies in order to take up the slack in the building industry and provide housing to the needy. Monetary policy remains prudent which although it creates stability in the medium term, will result in tighter credit in the short term. The mortgage lending environment has improved slightly for first-time homebuyers, but the Home Purchase Restrictions ( HPR ) in many cities that limit the purchase of more than 2 homes remain in place. The People s Bank of China also continues to drain liquidity from the banking system at the first sign of any hike in the monthly inflation rate.
The upshot of all of these policies is that new home prices in many of the more expensive cities have fallen since the last quarter of 2011 and continue to fall.
Land sales by local governments since the second half of 2011 have also fallen due to decreased appetites of developers in acquiring sites, and are generally in poorer locations and increasingly commercial (rather than residential) in nature.
Despite this, land auction opening prices remain high. Thus many auctions of land during this period have been cancelled or met with poor response and generally only State-owned bidders have been active.
The housing market in Suzhou has been affected by HPR but our major project in Shengze, Wujiang has not been subjected to HPR. Generally speaking, less expensive cities such as Suzhou and middle to lower income groups have been less affected by the austerity measures and still exhibit a willingness to buy. During this austerity period prudent developers will continue to keep their inventory moving, expect most of their buyers to be end-users, secure project financing early and maintain adequate cash flow for construction activities.
Eventually the property price declines (especially the sharper declines in the higher-tier cities) should ease policy pressure and see the lifting of some or all of the curbs by the Central Government. The property and construction industry will continue to play an important part in the development of the PRC economy together with the export sector and consumption demand.
At this time, I wish to thank also our other strategic partners, shareholders and lenders for their ongoing support during this period and express our heartfelt thanks to them. I would also like to thank my fellow Board members, colleagues and staff for their diligence and hard work throughout the course of the year.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2012 