Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2011.
Profit and Net Assets Attributable to 
The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 amounted to HK$108 million, representing a decrease of HK$55 million or 34% from HK$163 million for the year ended 31 December 2010. Earnings per share were HK 3.5 cents (HK 5.3 cents for the year ended 31 December 
The decrease in profit was attributable to the fact that in the previous year, a total profit of HK$39 million was received from certain one-off items. Excluding the financial effects of these one- off items, the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 amounted to HK$124 million.
The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders of HK$108 million for the year ended 31 December 2011 represented a decrease of HK$16 million, or 13% from the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 
At 31 December 2011, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$1,633 million or HK$0.54 per share.

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Monday, 18 June 2012, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2011 will amount to HK 4.0 cents per share (2010: HK 4.0 cents per share). Final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on Tuesday, 26 June 2012.

The Group is engaged in infrastructure business in mainland China. The core asset of the Group is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge in Zhejiang Province, which is a major trunk route linking Beijing and Fujian Province. It is located on National Highway No.104 in Zhejiang Province, spanning approximately 5.8 km over the Qiantangjiang River in Hangzhou and connecting the urban parts of Southern Hangzhou and Xiaoshan and Binjiang. The toll bridge is also an important nodal point for access to major roads leading to the Hangzhou Airport.
During the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group s turnover decreased by 6% to HK$299 million as compared to HK$317 million for the year ended 31 December 2010 mainly due to the period-on-period decrease of approximately 25% in the average monthly traffic volume of the Qianjiang Third Bridge during the period from 1 July 2011 to 31 December 2011. This was due to (i) accidental damage to one of the link bridges of the toll bridge on 15 July 2011 which resulted in the four lane two-way traffic being temporarily reduced to two lanes of two-way traffic in the affected area of the toll bridge until the toll bridge was fully open to traffic, effective from 1 October 2011; and (ii) the implementation by Hangzhou Municipal Government of certain new policies which control the traffic flow of vehicles during certain peak hours each day, effective from 8 October 2011.
The Group has a 60% interest in Hangzhou Henderson Qianjiang Third Bridge Company Limited ( the Joint Venture Company ) which has been granted the operating right of the above- mentioned Qianjiang Third Bridge for a period of 30 years from 20 March 1997 (commencement date of bridge operation). This project was approved by Hangzhou Foreign Economic Relations and Trade Commission (mg] Y}ofYTg) in 1997 and was further approved by National Development and Reform Commission (formerly known as State Development & Planning Committee) (|vUT9eiYTg(MR1zp W[|vURYT g)) in 1999. The General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province notified Zhejiang Province Department of Communications and other relevant government authorities in 2003 to provisionally fix the period for entitlement to toll fee in respect of 39 toll roads and highways in the province. In the case of Qianjiang Third Bridge, which was also included in the list, the period was provisionally fixed at 15 years (from 20 March 1997 to 19 March 2012). The Joint Venture Company immediately took action for clarification and had obtained from the Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications a written pledge that the operation period for 30 years would remain unchanged and they were also of the view that the operating right and the toll fee collection right should be for a same period. For the sake of reassurance, the Joint Venture Company wrote to the People s Government of Zhejiang Province and Zhejiang Province Department of Communications (collectively the Authorities ) in June 2011 requesting for their confirmation that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right last for a same period of 30 years. Since June 2011 when the Joint Venture Company wrote to the Authorities requesting for the confirmation, the Joint Venture Company has been chasing after the relevant government officials on several occasions, but no reply had been received from the Authorities for over six months. The Joint Venture Company therefore decided to take one further step and on 9 February 2012 filed with Legislative Affairs Office, the People s Government of Zhejiang Province an administrative reconsideration application.
The application was to seek an order to oblige the Authorities to carry out their statutory duties to officially confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should be for a period of 30 years. Whilst the Group was still waiting for the result of the application, the Joint Venture Company on 20 March 2012 received a letter dated 18 March 2012 from mg]W] V ] zS}T6e{tU (Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office) (the Hangzhou Toll Office ), which is the relevant government body in Hangzhou to record the traffic flow and make payment of toll fee of the Qianjiang Third Bridge pursuant to the terms of an agreement dated 5 February 2004 (the Collection Agreement ) entered into between the Joint Venture Company and the Hangzhou Toll Office.
In the letter, the Hangzhou Toll Office stated that, because the General Office of the People s Government of Zhejiang Province in 2003 provisionally fixed the period of entitlement to toll fee in respect of Qianjiang Third Bridge to end on 19 March 2012, they would, commencing from 20 March 2012, provisionally suspend payment of toll fee to the Joint Venture Company in respect of Qianjiang Third Bridge. The Hangzhou Toll Office also stated in the letter that they would, in accordance with the terms of the Collection Agreement, continue to record the traffic flow of Qianjiang Third Bridge and work with the Joint Venture Company.
The Joint Venture Company has been instructed by the Company to write to the Hangzhou Toll Office to state that the action taken by the Hangzhou Toll Office has no legal or contractual basis and is unacceptable and to ask the Hangzhou Toll Office to clarify the basis of their action and to continue to perform their obligations under the Collection Agreement, failing which the Joint Venture Company would have no alternative but to take legal actions to protect its interest.
The Group has obtained legal opinion from an independent PRC law firm and has received firm advice that the toll fee collection right enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company should be for the same period of 30 years as the operating right enjoyed by the Joint Venture Company. Based on such advice, amortization and calculation of the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right in the preparation of the consolidated accounts of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2011 are on the basis that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right of the Bridge last for a period of 30 years expiring on 19 March 2027. There is, however, uncertainty as to the response of the Authorities and whether they would ultimately confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should be for a period of 30 years. The Group will continue to negotiate with the Authorities and take all necessary actions to protect its interest.
If the Authorities confirm that the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge should last for a period different from the period of the operating right andor the Authorities negotiate other arrangements with the Group (such as buying out the Group s interest in Qianjiang Third Bridge or paying compensation to the Group), all of which are still uncertain, the Group would have to reconsider the remaining useful life andor the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right.
Currently, the operating assets of the Group comprise its interest in the Qianjiang Third Bridge. If the Group ceases to have an economic interest in the Qianjiang Third Bridge, the directors would, if appropriate opportunity arises, identify suitable investments for the Group. In the event that no suitable investments are identified and acquired by the Group, its assets would consist substantially of cash. As a result, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited may consider that the Company does not have a sufficient level of operations or sufficient assets to warrant the continued listing of the Company s shares and may suspend dealings in or cancel the listing of the shares.

As mentioned above, the Group will continue to negotiate with the Authorities about the toll fee collection right of the Qianjiang Third Bridge and take all necessary actions to protect its interest.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their support and wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2012 
