CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. TAOCHAIFU Choofuang 
To Our Shareholders We are pleased to present our second annual report to the shareholders.
2006 continued to see a very active property market in Suzhou, China, particularly in the New District area. Due to the substantial growth of the Chinese economy, property developers are seeing a promising trend of more and more homebuyers today. With this kind of demand from consumers in the property market, there is a tremendous boost to the property development business in Suzhou. At New Heritage, we are poised to take advantage of the aforementioned trend, building further on our product branding to maximise our returns generated from the Suzhou property market.
The prevailing increasing prices of residential homes in Suzhou are having a positive impact on the revenues of property development companies. Our reputation as a quality developer, coupled with a favourable market environment, continued to produce good margins on our revenues in spite of intensified competition among players in the market. Against this backdrop, the establishment of our listed company in 2005 has, without doubt, provided the Group with the platform to fuel its further growth, maximise value for and deliver returns to its shareholders.
Our strategy of focusing in property development and investment in Suzhou and other cities of Jiangsu Province as well as Beijing has enabled us to extend the best value and quality of properties to even more customers. Ongoing land bank expansion plans culminated in the successful acquisition of approximately 131,445 square metres of land situated in Guangfu Town of Wuzhong District, Suzhou, subsequent to the year ended 31 December 2006.

For the year ended 31 December 2006, New Heritage s revenue and profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company were approximately HK$208.0 million and HK$73.3 million respectively. Earnings per share was 11.1 HK cents.
The Directors have recommended the payment of a final dividend of 1HK cent per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2006, which will be satisfied by allotment of new shares of Company, by way of scrip dividend, with an alternative to shareholders to elect to receive such final dividend (or part thereof) in cash in lieu of such allotment. The Directors also propose to make a bonus issue of one new ordinary share of HK$0.01 credited as fully paid for every 50 ordinary shares in issue held on the Register of Members on 1 June 2007.

New Heritage has maintained and further refined its strategy of consolidating and strengthening its property businesses in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and Beijing. Backed by a reputable and well-funded strategic investor, New Heritage will continue to apply its seasoned experience and extensive exposure to stay at the forefront of the China property market as a top quality and niche 
The Chinese economy in 2006 saw a rise in per capita disposable income for urban households in Suzhou from RMB16,230 to RMB18,530, and in Beijing from RMB17,648 to RMB19,978, respectively. Undoubtedly, this would fuel potential homebuyers appetite for higher quality housing and property investment opportunities in the foreseeable future.
The successful sellout of units in the of Suzhou Garden Towers project, the last phase of our legendary Suzhou Garden Villa residential complex, underscored the fulfilled promise of Suzhou s mid to high-end residential market demands. The well-built twin high-rise residential towers with a carefully planned retail podium element had certainly justified the premium in value for housing developments of its kind. The Group looks forward to the turnover associated with expanding market demands for its reknown branded residential projects in vibrant, up-and-coming districts such as the Wuzhong District.
The completion of the renovation and extension of the Group s retail investment property, SGV Plaza, is now bearing fruit. Leasing takeup has been brisk and the property is now at a healthy occupancy level, ready to capitalise further on the promising retail sector in Suzhou.
The return on the Group s investment activities in Beijing, in particular its Beijing Landmark Towers joint venture, was fully booked in 2006. It will give a strong indication of the profit contribution from a quality property investment which the Group was instrumental in conceiving, designing, developing and managing. The proven earning ability of the project, which comprises two office towers, a hotel, service apartments and a multi-function conference centre, will continue to draw much interest from potential joint venture partners in hopes of replicating such an asset in their own property portfolios.
Having now been a publicly listed company for a complete year in 2006, our Group has not only continued to concentrate in what it does best in building quality homes for the evergrowing number of homebuyers in Suzhou, but has extended its scope further to Jiangsu Province and Beijing to consider the merits of medium and longer term projects in those respective regions.
Attractive sites and projects have been sourced, which are currently in the process of feasibility and strategic analysis in light of the continued challenges from Central Government policies. Where there was risk experienced by the distressed parties, there is also potentially reward for our Group by managing and overcoming the risks.
In closing, I would once again like to extend my sincerest gratitude to fellow directors for their patience and diligence, and all our hardworking staff for their loyalty and dedication.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (CF Tao) 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2007 