Chairman s Statement Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2012, New Heritage s revenue fell about 27% from the previous year to approximately HK$272.1 million (HK$375.2 million in 2011). Its profit attributable to the owners of the Company fell about 33% from the previous year to approximately HK$8.2 million (HK$12.2 million in 2011).
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 0.2 HK cents per ordinary share (0.3 HK cents in 2011) in cash for the year ended 31 December 2012 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 23 May 2013, and will seek the approval of the Company s shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting on 15 May 2013 for the payment of this final dividend. The dividend warrants are expected to be dispatched to registered shareholders on or around 5 June 2013.
Business Review and Outlook The second half of 2012 saw a recovery in the PRC property market, particularly in sales volumes of smaller-sized apartment units and a mild rise in prices due to credit easing by the banks which stemmed from cuts in the Reserve Ratio Requirements ( RRR ) and also interest rates. Home Purchase Restrictions ( HPR ) continued to be enforced in the major cities and these continued to suppress sales of villas and larger apartment units. Housing starts lagged behind as developers focused on improving cashflow and balance sheet strengthening during the course of the year.
Our company s major product in 2012 was the low density townhouse project, Taihu Garden Court ( TGC ), in Guangfu Town in the Wuzhong District of Suzhou, which is subject to HPR so the sales volume and prices did not meet our expectations. However, sales of the remaining units in Phases 1 and 2 of our project, Lakeside Garden Court ( LGC ), in Wujiang District as well as some of our investment properties in Suzhou Garden Villa ( SGV ) exceeded our expectations and are in line with the industry trend mentioned above. Our sales of LGC Phase 3 villas in Wujiang were also booked in this financial year and became the main contributor to our revenue stream in 2012 as Wujiang was not subject to HPR. Pre-sales of LGC Phase 4 which are small-sized high-rise apartments have also started in earnest with favourable homebuyers response and are expected to complete in 2014.
In the coming months we expect to see further improvements in development margins which could well increase the risk of government intervention by raising the cost of credit or the imposition of a property tax. We believe it is still politically unacceptable to the government to have property prices increase much faster than the economic growth of the nation despite there being more low cost housing available now in the market. The continuing urbanisation trend in the PRC will however continue to encourage residential housing development. Our company has been building up our war chest with a view to giving us options across the spectrum including more land acquisition activities, ramping up our development pipeline or reshuffling our products and targets across different sectors or geographical areas. We continue to avoid expensive and overpriced sites and locations with an overabundant supply of housing at price points which undercut the market.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our strategic partners, lenders and shareholders for their continued support in these very trying times, as well as to my fellow Board members and loyal colleagues and staff who have worked so hard and continue to do so throughout the course of the year and beyond.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2013 