Chairman s Statement 
Macroeconomic and market environment 2015 was an unconventional year. China s real estate market has experienced several ups and downs. The slowdown in global economy, the overall macroeconomic deterioration in China, together with the repeatedly interest rates cut, RRR cut, tax reform of central bank, and the policies of loosening restriction on the purchase of properties and promoting real estate destocking of local governments have led to a significant variation in China s real estate market: an overall market recovery in first-tier cities, and a stagnation in the second and third tier cities due to the properties in stock. However, LVGEM (China) Real Estate Investment Company Limited (the Company or LVGEM (China) ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) believe that positive factors such as urbanization, two-child policy, high GDP growth dependency on the real estate market, government measures benefiting the property market, and the accommodative financing environment will reinforce the stable and healthy development of the real estate industry in the long run.
Among the sign of recovery in the real estate market in the four first-tier cities in the second half of 2015, the Shenzhen market was the most prominent.
Housing prices in Shenzhen departed from the downtrend after July 2014 and rose for 16 months in a row by the end of 2015. The rise in property prices in Shenzhen is the highest nationally. In 2015, the average price for new residential properties in Shenzhen was RMB42,591 per square meter, an increase of 38.65% over the year, which is much higher than the other first- tier cities. The four pillar industries of Shenzhen high-tech, finance, logistics and cultural industries, have driven the economic development of Shenzhen, attracted well-educated and mobile population to Shenzhen, and increased the demand for rigidity and improving type of housing in Shenzhen.
Following the strategic vision of Focusing on Core Cities and Cities Core Areas , the Group s real estate projects are situated mainly in the urban areas of economically developed cities such as Shenzhen, Zhuhai, Hong Kong and Suzhou that have significant development potential.
Milestone in entering international capital markets The Company has completed its reverse takeover and deemed new listing application, and successfully introduced m3Ws['YS[{t gPlQS (Shenzhen Pingan Dahua Huitong Wealth Management Co., Ltd.*), a subsidiary of Ping An Insurance (Group) Company of China, Ltd. (Stock code: 2318) and the well known industry leader, ,yOmiN gPlQS (China Vanke Co., Ltd.*) (HK stock code: 2202), as the cornerstone investors. This is the first step of the Group in putting real estate business into the international capital market, which is also an important step to realize the leaping development of the Group s major business and with milestone significance.

Through the two-wheel driven business strategy, the Group has effectively combined the advantages of real estate development in different business sectors such as residential and commercial, and ensured the joint development of businesses. In 2015, the Group has three residential projects and three commercial projects under construction, covering a total area of around 112,000 square meters and a planned GFA of approximately 942,000 square meters. Residential projects under construction include Shenzhen Hongwan Garden, Mangrove Luxury Garden, and LVGEM International Garden, with a total construction area of 333,000 square meters, 284,000 square meters and 212,000 square meters respectively; commercial projects under construction include Hongwan Zoll Centre, Mangrove Luxury Garden Zoll Center and NEO projects in Suzhou, with the total planned GFA of approximately 34,000 square meters, 21,000 square meters and 58,000 square meters, respectively. The Company s revenue in 2015 was approximately RMB1,210 million, decrease by 76.9% as compared to the same period of last year. The decrease of revenue was mainly attributed to the decrease in revenue generated from delivery of properties. Contracted sales and booked contracted sales in 2015 maintain an upward trend, laying a solid foundation for future performance.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of 1 HK cents (equivalent to approximately 0.8 RMB cents) per ordinary share (2014: Nil) in cash for the year ended 31 December 2015 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 14 June 2016, and will seek the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 2 June 2016 (the Annual General Meeting ) for the payment of this final dividend. The dividend is expected to be paid to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 14 June 2016 on or around 5 July 2016.
During the reporting period, the Group has made timely adjustment in its marketing strategies and innovated marketing techniques in response to the consecutive economic stimulus policies introduced by the central and local governments. Product sales recorded good results. Total annual sales amounted to approximately RMB3,146 million, among which, the Hongwan project, 490 contracts were signed, with contracted sales amounted to RMB2,870 million, and contracted sales area of 58,000 square meters, achieved contracted sales of approximately RMB2,662 million for the year.
In 2015, by leverage of the strategic direction of standardize management, increase efficiency of the Group s asset management, the commercial properties operated by the Group achieved sound results. Three commercial properties in operations, including the Grade A office NEO, and two Zoll Centers, have recorded high occupancy rates and rental income. Hongwan Zoll Centre with merchant rates up to 90.3%, the project is expected to put into operation in the second half of 2016, and Mangrove Luxury Garden Zoll Center will commence operation in 2017.
In terms of financing, the Group seized the market opportunities and achieved outstanding results in 2015 by carefully researching and devising effective financing strategies. The annual refinancing has amounted to approximately RMB8,234 million, and the cost of financing has been reduced effectively through various means.
In year 2015, the Group has continuously refined and standardized the management. A lot of works have been done and outstanding results achieved in areas of financial management, strategic research, organizational control, accountability systems, standardization of technology, and team building, laying a solid foundation for accessing international capital markets for the first year.

Industry development opportunities According to the government work report made by Premier Li Keqiang at the fourth meeting of the 12th National People s Congress, The year of 2016 is a year manifesting the results of the comprehensive construction of a well-being society in China, as well as a year to propel the structural reform. By adhering to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, open, sharing , the State maintains its pace of steady yet moving forward, accommodating to the new normal in the economy development, strengthening the structural reform of supply side. In respect of real estate industry, the State will further improve its tax and credit policies that support residents reasonable housing consumption so as to adapt to the rigid and improvement demand in the housing market and solve the inventory of properties by carrying out policies based on local situations. It is believed that there still exists opportunities for the healthy development in the Chinese real estate industry in 2016.
Taking full advantage of business 2016 is the first year of the nation s 13th Five-Year plan, as well as a management year and crucial year of the Group. Based on researches on strategic development and the five-year business plan, the Group adopted the guiding ideology of Focusing on Core Cities and Cities Core Areas . In 2016, the Company will focus its businesses in Shenzhen and Pearl River Delta, continue to enrich and optimize residential and commercial development projects; further optimize the portfolio, assets value, earnings base and financial strength; strengthen the market leading position in Shenzhen and the Pearl River Delta region; refine and standardize the management; strictly implement and deploy effective business model and strategies; develop high-quality integrated residential and commercial projects with potential; expand market share of the region; create social values; and bring satisfactory returns for shareholders and investors.
The success of the Group in urban renewal over the past 20 years has built a unique business model regarding the access of land resources: merging + urban renewal. At present, the parent company of the Group has been involved in the initial works of several transformation projects in Shenzhen and core cities of the Pearl River Delta, involving a total size of over 12 million square meters. Assets will be injected into the Group once the projects reached the appropriate conditions, providing a strong support for future land development of the Group.
Improvement of organizational control ability For the purpose of satisfying standard and professional operation regulation to listed companies and further enhancing the enterprise s operational efficiency, the Group has basically decided the organization structure, authorization system review and approval system, researched and strengthened risk control, developed the research and construction of technical standardization and put efforts on the construction of talents and team culture. These measures will be implemented in full this year, which will lay the foundation for LVGEM (China) to obtain highly recognition in capital market. In 2016, although the property market in China was affected by macro-economic situation and economic policy from changing market environment, the Company is still confident in the future prospects of the Group depended on the advantages, such as regional distribution, land resources available, assets structure and assets platform under the complicated and volatile economy and policy.

At last but not least, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders, staff, clients and business partners for their continuous trust and support on behalf of the Board. The Group will keep on upgrading ourselves and strive for further excellence. Together, we will make a better future.

