CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT To Our Shareholders We respectfully present our 2008 annual report herein.

For the year ended 31 December 2008, revenue and loss attributable to the equity holders of the Company were approximately HK$91.7 million and approximately HK$33.2 million respectively. Loss per share was approximately 2.9 HK cents.
The Board does not recommend a dividend at this time. Consequently, no dividend was proposed during the year ended 31 December 2008.

With the initial sub-prime crisis in North America turning into a full-blown global banking and securities implosion and loss of confidence, we have witnessed the unprecedented effects of a financial tsunami on the equity capital markets and global economy on a scale of unimaginable proportions. Continuous deleveraging, significant numbers of investor redemptions and consequential strains on investment funds need to divest have further exacerbated the downward pressures on equity prices as the fund managers have tried to balance their responsiveness to redemption requests and stability of their investment portfolios. Thus higher volatility in global stock markets have been unavoidable for the latter part of the year.
Earlier in the year, the PRC property market had been subjected to austerity measures to cool the then euphoric sentiment but with the eruption of this global financial tsunami, the Beijing Central Government acted quickly in October 2008 to bolster confidence and certainty in the property sector so as to have a positive influence on property buyers sentiment for the rest of 2008.
Property development in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, remained our key focus throughout the year. The Board remains confident that the Suzhou property market, where currently most of our property development projects are situated, will carry on performing strongly. Suzhou continues to rank highest in terms of growth in gross domestic product (GDP) in Jiangsu Province and number five nationally in 2008, growing by 13% year on year. Suzhou also ranked second in terms of foreign direct investment, which also increased by 13% as compared to 2007. Due to the continuous influx of capital into Suzhou, the city continues to attract incoming skilled labour as well as middle management, which is expected to be a key support factor on demand for housing. Adding to the above is the proximity of Suzhou to Shanghai whereby high-speed train services between the two cities now may involve only around 30 minutes travel time. Price differentiation will continue to be an advantage for Suzhou to attract Shanghai homebuyers for retirement and investment home purchases.
The Group continued with its development activities during the year, pushing ahead with corporate, design and site formation preparations following on from its land acquisition programme from 2007. More revenue contribution from these sites are expected in 2009 and beyond.
Regarding the Group s sales in 2008, the Central Government s austerity measures on real estate in the first three quarters had the inevitable dampening impact on our property transaction volumes and pricing. However, the Group has observed progressive improvements in the market sentiment since November 2008 and both transaction volumes and pricing have picked up.
In addition to our original signature residential projects, Suzhou Garden Villa, Suzhou Garden Court, Suzhou Garden Place and Suzhou Garden Towers, in the Suzhou New District, we have successfully established signature projects in Wuzhong District, namely Wuzhong Garden Court, and are in process of further delivering to the historical town of Guangfu attractive low-density townhouses Taihu Garden Court. The pre-sale of the first phase of Taihu Garden Court was originally expected to be launched in 2008 and the delivery of completed units in the same year. However, the exceptionally adverse weather in Suzhou throughout 2008 hampered and affected the construction as well as the delivery schedule. Completion of Taihu Garden Court first phase pre-sales units have now been deferred to the first quarter of 2009 and deliveryhandovers expected to be in mid-2009.
Apart from these residential sites, the Group also owns a site for the development of an office tower with retail facilities, located in the Economic Development Zone of Wuzhong District.
Still in the greater Suzhou municipality of Jiangsu Province but further south and also close to neighbouring Zhejiang Province is Wujiang City where the Group secured a site of developable area of approximately 155,200 sq.m. The site is situated on the eastern shore of the Long Zhong Lake of Shengze Town.
The Board believes this site will be a promising project as Shengze Town is a thriving silk and textile trade and production centre in China.
Property investment in 2008 for the Group in Suzhou and Beijing continued to provide stable revenue as well as cash inflow. In Suzhou, the two retail properties, namely SGV Plaza and Garden Court Plaza, have continued to achieve full occupancy. Residential units owned and leased out by the Group also experienced an occupancy rate of around 64%. Valuation of the Group s investment properties has been conducted by an independent property valuer as at 31 December 2008 and a negative fair value adjustment of approximately HK$11.4 million (net of deferred taxation) was recorded.
In Beijing, the long awaited and subsequently hugely successful 2008 Summer Olympic Games provided a memorable and historic backdrop to Beijing Landmark Towers Co., Ltd. s 2008 results from which the Group derives a 30.05% investment benefit. As previously announced by the Company, efforts to convert this equity joint venture company into a joint stock company are still being pursued with terms for the conversion still under negotiation and not yet 
For the medium to longer term, the Group s minor investment in a residential project in Jia Ding, Shanghai will be expecting an initial return in 2010.
Elsewhere, the multi-laterally agreed discontinuation of our joint venture in Nanjing through our associated company would allow the Group to concentrate its resources on primary concerns.

After putting behind us not only the multiple tragic natural calamities in China of a freak nationwide winter deep freeze, the subsequent severe flooding and the devastating Sichuan earthquake, a contrasting successful Summer Olympic Games and a year which also witnessed China s proud historic first space walk , but also coming through a financial tsunami carrying in a tide of new global economic and political agendas, there were glimpses of guarded optimism while we were ushering in the new year.
The Board remains confident that the Group is well-positioned in the property market of Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and that our brand name and goodwill arising from over 15 years presence in Suzhou should continue to bring us opportunities for new development. Our strategy of selecting sites in high potential and up-and-coming areas will position the Group for long-term growth with attractive returns. The Group s low gearing strategy has also enhanced our ability to cope with the impact of these uncertain global financial times and to ride out periods of unforeseen economic downturn, giving us flexibility to grasp opportunities which come our way.
On top of the pre-sales programme of Phase One of Taihu Garden Court launched in the first quarter of 2009, there are two other property development projects namely Wuzhong Garden Court Plaza, the Retail and Commercial Block of Wuzhong Garden Court project, and our Wujiang residential project, both coming on-stream to drive revenue growth by offering a broader product mix compared to residential properties only in Wuzhong Garden Court Phase Two in 
The Board is fully aware that maximising profit margins would be paramount in determining robust profitability. In this regard and to further maintain the Group s competitiveness, cost controlsaving measures have already been implemented in the areas of construction and administration. The Board believes that with our strategically varied product mix, competitive cost structure, quality of product, immediate response to the changing market situation and a more proactive and in-depth approach to identify and attract targeted buyers, we are able to achieve the best possible prices without sacrificing sales volume in the years ahead.
As for new site acquisitions going forward in 2009, the Group will adopt a conservative approach. The erosion of profit margins have been inevitable but the Group will endeavour to keep costs under control while implementing appropriate cost saving measures to weather the storm and still be mindful of safeguarding the quality of the Group s output.
Maintaining the morale of our team as well as the confidence and trust of our investors is as always at the top of our agenda. With that in mind, I would like to thank once again the continued support of our strategic partners, Spinnaker Capital Group and Asia Financial Group, and for their encouragement in these very trying times.
May I extend my heartfelt gratitude to all the members of the Board and all our hardworking staff for their diligence and dedication to the mission tasks ahead which continue to provide a stern test of our perseverance and professionalism.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 21 April 2009 