CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. TAOCHAIFU Choofuang 
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS We are pleased to present our first annual report to the shareholders.
2005 was a significant and meaningful year for New Heritage. The successful listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the HK$97,440,000 proceeds raised from a public offering has advanced New Heritage into another era, establishing an exciting platform for the Group to not only focus on delivering returns but also to fuel consistent growth and maximise value for its shareholders. We are building a stronger capital base and financial structure to undertake further land bank expansion and develop quality real estate projects on the Chinese Mainland to meet the increasing demand from customers and in time benefit from the buoyant property market trends on the Chinese Mainland.
Backed by the Group s reputation, expert knowledge and rich experience in the China property market for more than two decades, we will spare no efforts to continue to actively develop and invest in high quality projects in niche markets with key focus in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and Beijing whilst, at the same time, pursuing a pro-active financial strategy in the equity and debt markets.
Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2005, New Heritage s revenue and net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$149.1 million and HK$55.9 million respectively. Earnings per share was HK24.6 cents.
The Directors recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK1.8 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2005, which will be satisfied by allotment of new shares of Company, by way of scrip dividend, with an alternative to shareholders to elect to receive such final dividend (or part thereof) in cash in lieu of such allotment.

At New Heritage, our uncompromising insistence on delivering the best value possible has established our solid reputation in the property market on the Chinese Mainland and won over a steadily growing clientele of middle- to high-end customers. We strive to develop high quality properties in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and Beijing and are keen to add more sites to our existing land bank by way of tendering, public auction, or cooperation with or acquisition of local property companies.
During the year under review, a new site in Wuzhong District, Suzhou, with a site area of approximately 41,579 square metres, was added to the Group s land bank through our successful bid at a public land auction.
It is worth noting that more sites are expected to be added to our land bank in the near future as letters of intent have been entered into with prospective joint venture partners on the Mainland. Our approach of steady and disciplined investment, assessment and analysis would always be the key to making timely land purchases in order to maintain a stable growth trend and an optimal cash flow balance for New Heritage.
In 2005, the Suzhou property market continued to be buoyant, keeping in line with the strong economic growth of Jiangsu Province and the country as a whole. The implementation of austerity measures over the property market nationwide by the Chinese Central Government worked on the contrary to the advantage of New Heritage in Suzhou. These measures are conductive to rectifying rampant property speculation and excessive real estate lending to unsound property developers which in the long run would stabilise the housing market, allowing both bona fide homebuyers and investors to participate actively.
The Jiangsu provincial GDP was estimated to hit RMB1,340 billion during the year (up by an average annual rate of 9%-10%). GDP of Suzhou was also expected to exceed RMB400 billion, surpassing the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone to take up the fourth position nationwide. The strengthening of the purchasing power of Suzhou residents backed by a further surge in per capita disposable income expected to reach RMB16,276, coupled with a significant growth in foreign direct investment to hit US$6.05 billion in 2005, created a more healthy and favourable environment for our business growth.
Homebuyers do have the urge to seek high quality new housing from a reputable and reliable property developer. This fact works to the benefit of New Heritage, as our Suzhou Garden brand is well-recognised as a symbol of niche and quality developments in the Suzhou property market.
The Group s strong brand identity and favourable market conditions produced better margins and added to our profitability amid intensified 
The continuous infrastructure development in Suzhou, has witnessed the expansion and completion of the Jiangsu Expressway from four lanes to eight lanes at the end of 2005, further fueling the market growth with the reduced travelling time between Suzhou and Shanghai.
During the year, a corporate reorganisation also took place for New Heritage to include the 30.05% stake in Beijing Landmark Towers Co., Ltd. in the financial statements of New Heritage. The joint venture owns Beijing Landmark Towers, a highly-rated commercial complex completed in 1990 and located in the Chaoyang district in Beijing. Beijing Landmark Towers Co., Ltd. began to contribute its profit to the Group s bottom line on 13 July 2005. On the back of the complex s proven record of encouraging cash dividend payouts over the past years, we look forward to the full year contribution of Beijing Landmark Towers Co., Ltd. in the financial year of 2006. Its profit contribution is expected to form a stable cash inflow to the Group to further support our ongoing operations.

Looking ahead, New Heritage s strategy continues to be to focus on consolidating and further strengthening its property businesses in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province and Beijing, backed by a sound financial position following the initial public offering. Coupled with relevant extensive experience and exposure, our seasoned management team aims to stay ahead as one of the top quality and niche property developers in the China property 
Our business portfolio is expected to do well in 2006, supported by continuous and optimistic growth of the Chinese economy and a further rise in per capita disposable income for urban households in Suzhou and Beijing, which stood at RMB16,276 and RMB17,653 respectively in 2005.
This undoubtedly would serve as an impetus in potential buyer s quest for higher quality housing and property investment opportunities.
On the property development side, the outlook for Suzhou s mid- to high- end residential markets is particularly promising given today s homebuyers preference for well-planned and well-built premium housing developments.
This should translate into greater market demand for New Heritage s quality- branded residential projects, enabling the Group to achieve maximum 
We are also standing fast by the Group s drive in pursuing its development plans for the Wuzhong site as well as new sites located in New District and other districts of Suzhou. With letters of intent having been signed, one site is planned as a residential complex in the New District of Suzhou.
The other site will be a mixed use development in the old city district of 
On the investment front, the outlook for Beijing Landmark Towers is particularly promising. The recently renovated hotel rooms, service apartments and the addition of a multi-function conference centre in the Beijing Landmark Towers, coupled with its renewal of leases with major tenants in the two office towers, would further add value to the property.
These features serve as a magnet to attract quality business travelers and tenants with the propensity to spend more amid the buoyant Beijing market trend. This would result in better profit for New Heritage.
Additionally, an extension and refurbishment of the main shopping arcade of Suzhou Garden Villa, one of the Group s retail investment properties located on the prime main street of the New District in Suzhou in 2006, would enable us to realise the full potential of increasing rental income from the promising retail sector. The refurbishment is scheduled to commence in July 2006 and complete in the last quarter of 2006. Upon completion, it will provide a total gross floor area of approximately 10,000 square metres of quality retail space to create a new retail environment for this prime central business district area.
Going public is a watershed in the history and development of New Heritage. In addition to concentrating on the existing businesses, we will forge ahead with business development activities to acquire sites or companies in different districts of Suzhou and other cities in Jiangsu Province in the immediate future. Plans are also afoot for medium and longer term projects in other cities in Jiangsu Province. Taking advantage of a well-established brandname in Suzhou and our network in Jiangsu Province, as well as leveraging on our management s extensive experience and expertise in property development and investment, we are confident that we will secure even more attractive sites and projects in other locations in a timely and capital efficient fashion. For this purpose, our dedicated working team will continue to conduct in-depth studies on the feasibility of property development andor investment projects in target cities.
Opportunities abound in Beijing, in particular with China s accession to the World Trade Organization and the forthcoming 2008 Olympic Summer Games. The Beijing municipal government s drive to raise the profile of the capital city and its commitment to infrastructure development would provide much of the prerequisites for further growth in many sectors. The property market sector is destined to be one of the most positively affected.
With the country s capital city reporting a GDP growth of 11.1% to RMB681 billion and per capita disposable income for urban households of RMB17,653 in 2005, there is little doubt that the property sector would continue to boom and offer exciting opportunities for New Heritage to capitalise on. In this regard, we will be actively looking into viable project acquisitions in the Beijing market and capitalising on synergies with our past and present partners. A representative office set up in Beijing and headed by our seasoned executives will be the locus and generator for 
Before closing, may I take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their guidance, and all our staff for their dedication and hard work. With our concerted and conscientious efforts, the Group s plans of going public and embarking on bolder strategic moves would thus be realised.

Hong Kong, 3 April 2006 