Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Directors” or the “Board”) of
LVGEM (China) Real Estate Investment Company Limited (the “Company”
or “LVGEM (China)”), I would like to report to all the shareholders who have
been supportive to the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively known as
the “Group”) the consolidated business performance of the Group for the year
ended 31 December 2016.
LVGEM (China) is a unique property developer and commercial property
operator. Adhering to the strategic vision of “Focusing on Core Cities and Cities’
Core Areas”, the Company’s projects are mainly located in core cities and
central areas to ensure high risk tolerance, high values and high returns for all
projects. Being one of the pioneers in urban renewal, LVGEM (China) actively
participated in urban renewal projects in Shenzhen and the Pearl River Delta.
It successfully developed several property projects that gained recognition from
industry peers and positive feedbacks from consumers, through which it has
accumulated extensive experience and established a unique land resources
acquisition model. The Company adhered to the “two-wheel driven” model and
adopted the business mix of real estate development + commercial property
operation. The ancillary services of commercial properties may enhance the
value of real estate projects, as well as bringing stable rental income, cash
flow and returns on property appreciation to the Company. The Company
successfully completed a reverse takeover and the deemed new listing in
2015, making its official presence in the major access to the international
capital market. This enabled the Group to better leverage on the advantages of
financing strategies brought by cross-border financing and to make effective
financing by fully utilising both domestic and overseas capital platforms.
During the year under review, the macro economy of China has entered into the
“New Normal” state amidst downward pressure. With the impact of destocking,
liquidity easing measures, positive sentiments in the land market and special
rectification actions, the real estate industry also experienced a year full of
turbulence. In the face of the ever-changing policies and market conditions,
all staff of LVGEM (China) has weathered through the challenges with great
courage by upholding the value of being “far-sighted, professional, responsive
and honest”, allowing us to forge ahead under adverse conditions. Our efforts
have been rewarded with fruitful results.
For real estate development, adhering to the strategic vision of “Focusing on
Core Cities and Cities’ Core Areas”, we proactively developed a number of quality
residential projects with potential. In Shenzhen region, in which the Group has
been developing for years, we are developing LVGEM Hongwan Garden, LVGEM
Mangrove Bay No. 1, Liguang Project and Meijing Project. Other projects under
development include Suzhou LVGEM • NEO Project, which is also the new base
for our development in the Yangtze River Delta region and Phase II of LVGEM
International Garden located in Huazhou in the Pearl River Delta region. The Lau
Fau Shan project in Hong Kong is also well underway, which is a major step of
the Group in expanding to projects overseas.
For commercial property operation, the Group’s two commercial property
brands, the “NEO” and “Zoll”, were a great success. The NEO integrated
business complex in operation in Shenzhen became the central hub terminal
of four railway lines following the commencement of operation of Line 7, 9 and
11 of the Shenzhen Metro, which will help increase the property value and
rental income of NEO in Shenzhen. Hongwan Zoll Centre, the third Zoll Centre
completed by the Group, also commenced operation following its grand opening
in January 2017, which was a strong proof of our efforts in branding and scale
expansion of the “Zoll” brand.
For financing, leveraging the cross-border financing modes as well as
domestic and overseas capital platforms, the Group seized opportunities for
capital management and issued RMB domestic corporate bonds and US
dollar convertible bonds respectively during the year, which was another
achievement of the Group in terms of financing. In addition, the Group also
actively participated in financial investment and proposed to participate in the
promotion and establishment of 一帶一路財產保險股份有限公司 (Belt and
Road Property Insurance Co., Ltd.*), and invested in the Bank of Shanghai. We
believe that financial investment will create synergies with the principal business
and in turn broaden our stream of revenue and enhance the profitability and
overall competitiveness of the Group.
In terms of project expansion, the Group also made a number of breakthroughs
in 2016. The Group successfully acquired the urban renewal project in Zhuhai
and won the project of a hotel located in Los Angeles, the United States. On
the other hand, the parent company of the Group is also involved in certain
quality urban renewal projects totalling not less than 12 million square meters
in Shenzhen and the Pearl River Delta region. The Group will absorb these
quality projects in time to facilitate its expansion and enhance the profitability of
the Company. Looking forward, the Group will continue to identify quality assets
and projects.
We believe that based on our excellent market insight and execution capability
together with the extensive experience in the real estate industry, the Group
will further optimise its property portfolio, asset value, income foundation and
financial strength, endeavour to enhance the corporate image and brand
popularity, consolidate its leading position in the market of Shenzhen and
the Pearl River Delta region. Further, we will stringently implement and push
forward our effective business model and strategies, continue to develop
the high-quality integrated real estate and commercial property projects
with potential, strive to create social values and bring satisfactory returns to
shareholders and investors.
Last but not least, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of our
shareholders, staff, clients and business partners for their continuous trust and
support on behalf of the Board. Adhering to the core value of “Professionalism
lays the foundation and mutual harmony leads to sustainable growth” and
continuing to commit to the mission of enhancing city values, the Group will
excel ourselves, seize every opportunity and take initiatives while working
together to achieve the vision and goal of “being the most respected city valuecreator”!
HUANG Jingshu
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16 March 2017