Chairman s Statement Results and Dividends For the year ended 31 December 2013, New Heritage s revenue fell about 22% from the previous year to approximately HK$212.4 million (2012: HK$272.1 million). Its loss attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$14.7 million (2012: profit of HK$8.2 million) which represents a basic loss per share of 1.14 HK cents (2012: basic earnings per share of 0.64 HK cents).
The Board does not recommend a dividend at this time. Consequently, no dividends are proposed for the year ended 31 December 2013.
Business Review and Outlook 2013 was a mixed year for the real estate sector in the PRC with land prices continuing to rise and lending to property developers as well as end users tightening towards the end of the year. However, balanced against that, the Central Government has generally refrained from enacting further legislation during the year to curb housing sales or prices. The ongoing pent-up demand and lack of alternative investment channels have kept housing sales fairly strong and prices have risen in most cities.
Our major sources of revenue during the year have been Phase 2 of our Taihu Garden Court ( TGC ) townhouse project in Guangfu Town, Wuzhong, as well as contribution from Phase 3 of our Lakeside Garden Court ( LGC ) project in Shengze Town, Wujiang. Rentals in our retail investment properties continued to perform well as reflected in the renewals during the course of the year.
The long term potential in the PRC for property development is promising but cyclical. In the short and medium term however, there are stiff challenges for property developers to maintain their margins, acquire new profitable sites, have balanced growth and attract and retain good talent. The property market sentiment will be greatly affected by any changes in the bank interest rates, alternative investment channels and government policy. Currently it is one of the few bright spots in the country's economy but in terms of sustainability, other growth sectors are badly needed.
I would like to thank our strategic partners who have stood by us through all these years, our shareholders and our lenders for their continued support and attention, our staff for their dedication, loyalty and endurance, and last but not least to my fellow Board members for their responsiveness and guidance of the Company since its listing and IPO in 2005.
TAOCHAIFU Choofuang (C.F. Tao) 
Hong Kong, 24 March 2014 