Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2014.
Completion of Very Substantial Acquisition of Companies in 
In order to diversify the business and revenue sources, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an agreement with the parent company of the Company Henderson Land Development Company Limited ( Henderson Land ) on 5 September 2014, pursuant to which such subsidiary agreed to acquire Henderson Land s retailing operation in Hong Kong under the name Citistore for a consideration of HK$934.5 million. With over 20 years of proven track record since its establishment in 1989, such retailing operation has built a strong brand that is trusted among the consuming public in Hong Kong.
Following completion of the acquisition on 1 December 2014, the Group is engaged in both the retailing business in Hong Kong and the infrastructure business in mainland China.
Loss and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group loss attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2014 amounted to HK$7 million, translating into a loss per share of HK 0.2 cents (2013: Profit attributable to equity shareholders was HK$10 million, translating into earnings per share of HK 0.3 cents).
During the year under review, no toll revenue was recognised as the toll fee payment in respect of the Group s infrastructure business remained provisionally suspended pending the outcome of its arbitration case over the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. Meanwhile, post- tax profit contribution of HK$21 million arising from the retailing business against its turnover of HK$105 million for the month of December 2014 was recognised following the completion of the Group s acquisition of the Citistore business on 1 December 2014. After taking into account the direct costs of the infrastructure business in mainland China (comprising mainly the amortisation of the intangible operating right of the toll bridge and repairs and maintenance costs) and an exchange loss due to the depreciation of the Renminbi against the Hong Kong dollar, a slight loss attributable to equity shareholders of HK$7 million was recorded by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2014.
At 31 December 2014, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$1,303 million or HK$0.43 per share.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Wednesday, 10 June 2015, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2014 will amount to HK 4.0 cents per share (2013: HK 4.0 cents per share), which is in line with the intended level of dividends following the completion of the aforesaid acquisition pursuant to the announcement dated 5 September 2014 issued by the Company. Final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on Tuesday, 16 June 2015.

(I) Infrastructure business For the Group s infrastructure business in mainland China, the core asset is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge in Zhejiang Province, which is a major trunk route linking Beijing and Fujian Province. It is located on National Highway No.104 in Zhejiang Province, spanning approximately 5.8 km over the Qiantangjiang River in Hangzhou and connecting the urban parts of Southern Hangzhou, Xiaoshan and Binjiang. The toll bridge is also an important nodal point for access to major roads leading to the 
For the year ended 31 December 2014, Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge recorded a 24% year-on-year decrease in traffic volume mainly due to the closure of its south link bridge since 15 April 2014 following the commencement of the neighbouring road construction works. As a result, the total toll revenue (after deduction of PRC business tax) for the year under review was HK$235 million, representing a decrease of HK$83 million or 26% from HK$318 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2013. The south link bridge would resume normal operation upon the anticipated completion of the road construction works by the end of 
Commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of the toll fee in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of the Group was provisionally suspended.
Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right, for the sake of prudence, the toll revenue commencing from 20 March 2012 has not been recognised in the accounts of the Group. The total toll revenue (after deduction of PRC business tax) not being recognised by the Group up to 31 December 2014 amounted to HK$808 million.
The above issue of toll fee collection right is subject to arbitration by China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ).
Issue of Collection Right and Development of its 
The joint venture company on 17 September 2012 filed an arbitration application with CIETAC against mg]@SlQ qQP4X()-|vU-N_ (Hangzhou City Urban Public Carpark Construction & Development Centre, formerly known as mg]W] V ] zS}T6e{tU or Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office, alias the Hangzhou Toll Office ) as the first respondent and Hangzhou Municipal People s Government as the second respondent for an arbitration award that, inter alia, the first respondent and the second respondent should continue to perform their obligations under the collection agreement by paying toll fees of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to the joint venture company and be liable for the damages for the breach of contract and the relevant outstanding toll fees together with the legal and arbitration costs incurred.
CIETAC had on 12 November 2012 confirmed its acceptance to administer the above arbitration case and on 26 August 2013 finalised the composition of an arbitration tribunal.
Arbitration proceedings commenced on 14 April 2014 but no conclusion has been reached. The arbitration tribunal considered that both parties should pursue further negotiations to seek a settlement plan. The joint venture company has already written to Hangzhou Municipal People s Government accordingly. In July 2014, the arbitration tribunal requested both parties to submit their own settlement plans for mediation. A mediation meeting has been scheduled to be held in Hangzhou on 31 March 2015.
The Group does not believe that the provisional suspension of payment of toll fee from the Hangzhou Toll Office to the joint venture company commencing from 20 March 2012 has any legal or contractual basis as the Group has obtained a legal opinion from an independent PRC law firm that the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge enjoyed by the joint venture company should be for the same period of 30 years as the operating right enjoyed by the joint venture company. Based on such advice, amortization and calculation of the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right in the consolidated financial statements of the Group are on the basis that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge last for a period of 30 years expiring on 19 March 2027. There is, however, uncertainty as to any further response of the authorities and or Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications and the outcome of the arbitration case. Based on the future development of the aforesaid, the Group would have to reconsider the remaining useful life andor the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right.
(II) Retailing business Following the completion of the aforesaid acquisition on 1 December 2014, the retailing operation has become another major business of the Group. Currently, it operates six department stores under the name Citistore and a specialty store under the name id:c in Hong Kong.
All six Citistore department stores are located in densely- populated residential districts (namely, Tsuen Wan, Yuen Long, Ma On Shan, Tseung Kwan O, Tai Kok Tsui and Tuen Mun) with easy accessibility by public transport and they aim to provide customers with a one-stop shopping convenience through a vast selection of merchandise ranging from apparel and cosmetics, to foods, confectionery, luggage, furniture, toys, appliances, kitchenware and other housewares at reasonable and competitive prices. The id:c specialty store offers a collection of apparel brands from Japan and Korea.
With its strategic location in Tsim Sha Tsui, a key shopping area, the store is well positioned to target local shoppers and 
A total of 19 properties comprising retail outlets, warehouses, and office premises have been rented for the Group s retailing business with a total gross floor area of approximately 580,000 square feet. The retail outlets have been operating under long-term lease arrangements, with most of the leases being for a term of nine years.
For 2014 as a whole, the value of total retail sales in Hong Kong decreased by 0.2% due to the slackening in visitor spending.
Nevertheless, by serving the daily household needs of the targeted consumers, the retailing operation under Citistore has been able to achieve stable growth for both its turnover and profit after tax for the year ended 31 December 2014: However, as the acquisition was completed on 1 December 2014, only its turnover and profit after tax for the month of December 2014, which amounted to HK$105 million and HK$21 million respectively, were recognised in the financial statements of the Group during the year under review.

The consideration for the aforesaid acquisition, in the sum of HK$934.5 million, was fully settled by the end of December 
At 31 December 2014, the Group has no bank borrowings (2013: Nil) and its net cash and bank balances amounted to HK$402 million (2013: HK$1,185 million).

Looking ahead, Hong Kong s retail environment is expected to remain challenging given the continuing rise in operating costs, as well as intensifying competition within the industry and weaker spending by mainland tourists. The Group will try hard to raise the sales performance of this newly-acquired retail operation and strengthen its cost controls.
The Group will also follow up closely on the development of the arbitration case and continue to pursue further negotiations with the relevant PRC authority with a view to achieving a settlement relating to the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge that is in the interests of the Group and its shareholders as a whole.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
