Chairman’s StatementProfit and Net Asset Value Attributable
to Shareholders
The Group’s profit attributable to equity shareholders for the
year ended 31 December 2016 amounted to HK$100 million.
Profit attributable to equity shareholders for the previous year,
which included a one-off gain of HK$355 million arising from
the final arbitral award in relation to the toll fee collection
right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, was HK$449
million. Excluding the financial effects of this one-off item,
the adjusted profit attributable to equity shareholders for the
previous year amounted to HK$94 million. The Group’s profit
attributable to equity shareholders of HK$100 million for
the year ended 31 December 2016 represented an increase of
HK$6 million, or 6%, over the adjusted profit attributable to
equity shareholders for the previous year. Earnings per share
were HK 3.3 cents (2015 (adjusted): HK 3.1 cents).
At 31 December 2016, the net asset value attributable to equity
shareholders amounted to HK$1,465 million or HK$0.48 per
share.
Dividends
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of
HK 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear
on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday,
13 June 2017, and such final dividend will not be subject to
any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim
dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total
dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 will amount
to HK 4.0 cents per share (2015: HK 4.0 cents per share).
Final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on Monday,
19 June 2017.
Business Review
The Group operates a department store business under the
name of “Citistore” in six densely-populated residential
districts (namely, Tsuen Wan, Yuen Long, Ma On Shan,
Tseung Kwan O, Tai Kok Tsui and Tuen Mun). The stores aim
to provide customers with “one-stop” shopping convenience
through a vast selection of merchandise at reasonable and
competitive prices. In order to provide customers with a better
and more comfortable shopping experience, in January 2017
the Ma On Shan Citistore was relocated to operate at another
spot in the same shopping mall: 
The Group launched various initiatives to raise the attractiveness of its department stores, as well as the market awareness
of the Citistore brand. For instance, “CITIZEN’S EDIT”, a fashion concept store and “CTBeatZ”, a cultural and creative
platform, were both introduced in its Ma On Shan store, offering a fresh shopping experience to customers. By sourcing branded
apparel from around the world, “CITIZEN’S EDIT” satisfied the needs of young, style-savvy urbanites with limited editions of
signature items. “CTBeatZ” organised various creative events and workshops (ranging from wine tasting to food and handicrafts
production) thereby enriching their customers’ product knowledge and lifestyle experience. In addition, Citistore continued
to leverage the power of social media platforms (such as Facebook and Instagram) to showcase and promote its products and
brands, whilst an online shopping platform, “oncitinet”, was also unveiled in April 2016 so as to expand the brand’s market
coverage and provide greater flexibility for its shoppers through diversified consumption channels.
Affected by the declining inbound tourist spending and dwindling local consumer sentiment, the value of total retail sales in
Hong Kong for 2016 decreased by 8.1% compared with a year earlier. Nevertheless, by offering affordable household necessities,
“Citistore” recorded only a slight year-on-year decrease of 0.7% in total sales proceeds (which were derived from the sales of
own goods, as well as from concessionaire and consignment sales) compared with the previous year with its breakdown as
follows:
Sales of Own Goods and Gross Margin
During the year under review, Citistore’s sales of own goods decreased by 2% to HK$434 million with the gross margin slightly
lowered from 36% to 35% due to intensified price competition in the retail market. The Household & Toys category contributed
approximately 52% of the total revenue from sales of goods, the Apparels category contributed approximately 33% and the
balance of approximately 15% came from the categories of Food and Cosmetics. 
Rental Income from Concessionaire and Consignment Counters
Citistore’s concessionaire sales are conducted by licensing portions of shop spaces to its concessionaires to use for their own
counters to sell their products, whilst consignment sales comprise the sales of consignors’ own products on or in designated
shelves, areas or spaces. Citistore charges these concessionaire and consignment counters on the basis of revenue sharing or
basic rent (if any), whichever is higher, as its rental income. During the year under review, the total rental income derived
from these concessionaire and consignment counters remained stable at HK$430 million, despite a slight decrease of 0.3% to
HK$1,446 million in the total sales proceeds generated from these counters as shown below: 
Citistore’s Profit Contribution
In view of a decline in aggregate sales proceeds, Citistore maintained its business performance by strengthening its controls
over all expenditure. As a result, Citistore recorded a decrease in its total operating expenses even after taking into account the
Ma On Shan premises relocation expenses during the year under review. The after-tax profit contribution only decreased by
HK$6 million, or 6%, to HK$97 million: 
Overall, after taking into account the interest income
generated from the cash proceeds regarding the compensation
payment received in 2015 and the overheads of its head office,
the Group’s profit attributable to equity shareholders from
continuing operation for the year under review amounted to
HK$100 million, representing an increase of HK$6 million
or 6% over that of HK$94 million (after excluding the abovementioned
one-off gain) for the previous year.
Corporate Finance
At 31 December 2016, the Group had no bank borrowings
(31 December 2015: Nil) and its net cash and bank balances
amounted to HK$801 million (31 December 2015: HK$791
million).
Prospects
Looking ahead, competition among retailers is expected
to intensify in Hong Kong. Following the recent successful
launch of “CITIZEN’S EDIT” and “CTBeatZ”, the Group
will roll out more initiatives to improve the overall shopping
environment of its stores and offer more quality products to
its customers so as to meet their discerning needs. The Group
will also continue to step up its promotional efforts and cost
controls, thereby enabling the sustainable business growth of
Citistore.
Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my appreciation
to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all
our staff for their commitment and hard work throughout the
year.
Lee Ka Shing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017