Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to present my report on the operations of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2013.
Profit and Net Asset Value Attributable to Shareholders The Group profit attributable to equity shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2013 amounted to HK$10 million, representing a decrease of HK$15 million or 60% from HK$25 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. Earnings per share were HK 0.3 cents (2012: HK 0.8 cents).
The decrease in profit was due to the fact that commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of the toll fee in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of the Group was provisionally suspended. Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right, for the sake of prudence, the toll revenue commencing from 20 March 2012 (including the toll revenue for the year ended 31 December 2013 in the amount of HK$318 million) has not been recognised in the accounts of the Group. Nevertheless, with other income and other gains (mainly comprising bank interest income and net foreign exchange gain) totalling HK$50 million, which was offset by the direct costs (mainly comprising amortization charge of the toll bridge) of HK$39 million, a profit attributable to equity shareholders of HK$10 million was recorded during the year.
At 31 December 2013, the net asset value attributable to equity shareholders amounted to approximately HK$1,433 million or HK$0.47 per share.

Your Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on Tuesday, 17 June 2014, and such final dividend will not be subject to any withholding tax in Hong Kong. Including the interim dividend of HK 2.0 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2013 will amount to HK 4.0 cents per share (2012: HK 4.0 cents per share). Final dividend will be distributed to shareholders on Tuesday, 24 June 2014.

The Group is engaged in the infrastructure business on the mainland. The core asset of the Group is its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge in Zhejiang Province, which is a major trunk route linking Beijing and Fujian Province. It is located on National Highway No.104 in Zhejiang Province, spanning approximately 5.8 km over the Qiantangjiang River in Hangzhou and connecting the urban parts of Southern Hangzhou and Xiaoshan and Binjiang. The toll bridge is also an important nodal point for access to major roads leading to the Hangzhou Airport.
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the total toll revenue (after deduction of PRC business tax) generated by Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge amounted to HK$318 million, representing an increase of HK$1 million or 0.3% when compared with that of HK$317 million for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge has been operating as usual. However, commencing from 20 March 2012, payment of the toll fee in respect of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to a joint venture company of the Group was provisionally suspended. Consequential upon the failure of the relevant authority to put forward any formal proposal or compensation offer regarding the toll fee collection right, for the sake of prudence, the toll revenue commencing from 20 March 2012 has not been recognised in the accounts of the Group. Hence, the Group s turnover for the year ended 31 December 2013 was nil as compared to HK$63 million (being the toll revenue, net of PRC business tax, for the period from 1 January 2012 to 19 March 2012) for the corresponding year ended 31 December 2012. The total toll revenue (after deduction of PRC business tax) accrued for but not recognised by the Group up to 31 December 2013 amounted to HK$572 million.
The above issue of toll fee collection right is subject to arbitration by China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission ( CIETAC ).
Issue of Collection Right and Development of its Arbitration On 17 September 2012, the joint venture company filed an arbitration application with CIETAC against mg]W] V ] zS}T6e{tU (Hangzhou City Sizi Engineering & Highway General Toll Fee Administration Office) (the Hangzhou Toll Office ) as the first respondent and Hangzhou Municipal People s Government as the second respondent for an arbitration award that, inter alia, the first respondent and the second respondent should continue to perform their obligations under the collection agreement by paying toll fees of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge to the joint venture company and be liable for the damages for the breach of contract and the relevant outstanding toll fees together with the legal and arbitration costs incurred.
On 12 November 2012, CIETAC confirmed its acceptance to administer the above arbitration case and on 26 August 2013 finalised the composition of an arbitration tribunal. CIETAC has now fixed the commencement date of the arbitration hearing on 14 April 2014.
The Group does not believe that the provisional suspension of payment of toll fee from the Hangzhou Toll Office to the joint venture company commencing from 20 March 2012 has any legal or contractual basis as the Group has obtained a legal opinion from an independent PRC law firm that the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge enjoyed by the joint venture company should be for the same period of 30 years as the operating right enjoyed by the joint venture company. Based on such advice, amortization and calculation of the recoverable amount of the intangible operating right in the consolidated accounts of the Group are on the basis that both the operating right and the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge last for a period of 30 years expiring on 19 March 2027. There is, however, uncertainty as to any further response of the authorities andor Hangzhou Municipal Bureau of Communications and the outcome of the arbitration case. Based on the future development of the aforesaid, the Group would have to reconsider the remaining useful life andor the recoverable amount of the intangible 
Currently, the core operating assets of the Group comprise its 60% interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge. If the Group ceases to have an economic interest in Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge, the Board would, if appropriate opportunity arises, identify suitable investments for the Group. In the event that no suitable investments are identified and acquired by the Group, its assets would consist substantially of cash. As a result, The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited may consider that the Company does not have a sufficient level of operations or sufficient assets to warrant the continued listing of the Company s shares and may suspend dealings in or cancel the listing of the shares.

The Group will follow up closely with the development of the arbitration case and continue to pursue further negotiations with the relevant PRC authority with a view to achieving a settlement relating to the toll fee collection right of Hangzhou Qianjiang Third Bridge that is in the interest of the Group and its shareholders as a whole.
The Group may continue to report a loss from operations in the future financial period, unless the arbitration proceedings result in a determination or the parties come to an agreement in each case satisfactory to the Group, or suitable investment that may be identified by the Group produces satisfactory 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to my fellow directors for their wise counsel, and to thank all our staff for their dedication and hard work.
Lee Shau Kee 
