CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Results and Dividend Turnover decreased 59% to HK$4,17? million for the year ended ?0 June ?009 while net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 69% to HK$4,1?0 million. Earnings per share was HK$1.00, down 69% from a year ago.
When excluding revaluation gain and related deferred taxes and minority interests, the underlying net profit retreated by 5?% from HK$5,1?? million to HK$?,?88 million. Underlying earnings per share fell by the same percentage to HK58 cents.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK51 cents per share which is the same as last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be the same as last year at HK66 cents per share.

We have just experienced an amazing twelve months. The global economy and hence the Chinese one were teetering at the beginning of the fiscal year and fell precipitously in the closing months of ?008. Only in the second quarter of ?009 were there signs of stabilization. Most people believe that it will take many quarters if not years to fully recover. This is doubtless the worst downturn since the Great Depression of 19?9.
The residential market on the Mainland started to drop in early ?008.
Due to overleveraging and excess commitments to expensive land, many local developers were by fall at the brink of insolvency.
Technically speaking, I believe that many were bankrupt. Bank credit totally dried up and the market was dead. The government relaxed many regulations relating to our industry, and in December ?008 began to pump huge amounts of money into the economy. By one count, on average RMB1.? trillion per month were injected in the ensuing six months. As expected, some of that money found its way into the real estate market in the form of loans to developers and mortgages to buyers. By March, both prices and transaction volume went up and Mainland developers were once again alive and well.
At the beginning of this year when Beijing targeted ten industries for revival, real estate was not on the list. It was unnecessary, for enough had already been quietly done. Excluding the industry also avoided the negative societal impression that the government was helping developers. But as I had then said, what the government should have bailed out was the real estate market and not real estate developers who had unwisely brought their companies to technical bankruptcy. Otherwise we face a moral hazard - - developers have a one-sided bet in their favor. Namely, if the business wins, they benefit; if the company goes bust, there are no consequences to them. This is not unlike the asymmetric reward system of many international investment funds which contributes to the recent global economic ills. It encourages reckless expansion when the market is favorable.
Sure enough, as soon as the residential market recovered in the second quarter, developers once again rushed in to buy land. In city after city, price shattering transactions took place in the past few months. So only half a year from the brink of insolvency, the same people are now once again bidding up prices. All along, the underlying economy is not strong.
Moral issues aside, the past year has also shown us something which we should have recognized. In the past I have written that the government will try to put a cap on home prices which is one reason for our not engaging in that sector. For the same reason, namely to maintain social stability, Beijing will also provide a floor. That is good news for both home-owners and developers. But for reasons that I have enunciated in previous years such as competitive landscape and tax rate differential, your Company still prefers commercial properties for rental. To us, the risk-reward ratio is better.
The Hong Kong residential market went through a similar V-shaped progression. As we moved from the third quarter of ?008 to the fourth, both price and volume turned from weak to dead. Mortgage lending by banks became tight, and prices fell by ??% in the last six months of the year. But beginning this March, bank attitudes changed and prices rose some ?0% by the end of last month. That the supply of new units in the coming few years will be tight is, I believe, more an explanation after the fact than the cause. At least on one count, the recovery here is even more amazing than that on the Mainland - - there second quarter economic figures turned positive while Hong Kong still recorded negative growth.
Set against this background, we again struck out and bought excellent commercial land on the Mainland. This is in accordance with my prediction a year ago. Towards the end of ?008, attitudes of municipal leaders began to change; the seller s market was turned in favor of buyers, if they could be found. We were one of the very few, if not the only! In May this year, two plots - - one each in Dalian and Wuxi - - for which we had been negotiating for some time, were purchased within one week of each other. Many of the terms on which we had long insisted and which the city had always resisted were granted. The prices were also acceptable.
The land in Dalian measures 6.? hectares and we will construct a shopping center of over ??0,000 square meters. It will be the biggest that we have ever done, and is at a location which is highly visible. Land cost was about RMB1,??6 million.
Measuring 1.7 hectares, the plot in Wuxi can be considered as an add-on to our existing piece which is just across the street. Costing approximately RMB415 million, we can erect 11?,000 square meters on it. The total buildable area for the two lots together will be over ?76,000 square meters. The uniqueness of the latest purchase is that we have considerable flexibility in terms of when and what to construct - - from shops, offices and hotels to serviced apartments.
With less pressure to commence work, we will have time to complete our first phase which is now under construction.
To remind shareholders, we bought five sites in ?005 and ?006 but nothing in the two plus years of ?007 and ?008 until this May. For the first half of this stretch of almost two and a half years, land prices in many major Chinese cities went through the roof. While lots of developers from both Hong Kong and the Mainland rushed in to buy, we stayed out of the game. Then when the market began to cool last summer, we ramped up negotiations that consummated the two acquisitions two months ago. As I have previously reported, many municipal governments rely heavily on the sales of land for their annual budget. Months if not a year of no transaction must be painful. We came in at that juncture and picked up choice pieces. Since property prices in a good number of second tier cities have yet to move up, I am hopeful that we will close one or two more good deals in the months ahead.
Our purchase of the land in Tianjin in January ?005 officially launched Phase ? of our Mainland investments which are primarily outside of Shanghai. The idea is to invest HK$40 billion and build 18 commercial projects in seven or eight cities. As always, each project is defined as requiring HK$?-?.5 billion. Our immediate target was to buy land for all of them by the end of ?009. Since we are very close to achieving that, and since the five year land- acquisition period will soon conclude, this is an opportune time to present to shareholders a progress report.
With all but the two latest lots now under construction, we have a better idea of the design and hence the exact size of each project as well as construction costs. The practice on the Mainland is that the basement is not counted in the buildable area when calculating land cost. Consequently, certain figures circulating around such as total buildable space and unit construction costs may have been 
Another consideration is currency movements. Since the beginning of ?005 when we bought our first plot of land outside Shanghai, renminbi has appreciated against the Hong Kong dollar by approximately ?1%. So whereas renminbi denominated rentals from Shanghai boost our profit in Hong Kong dollar terms, the purchasing power of our home currency has also deteriorated on the Mainland. So our goal to invest HK$40 billion now only translates to approximately RMB?5 billion.
Taking all these into consideration, to completely build out our seven sites will cost a total of approximately RMB??.6 billion or HK$?8.? billion at today s exchange rate. That is very close to the targeted amount of HK$40 billion. In terms of the number of projects as previously defined (i.e. on average each one costing HK$?.?5 billion), we have bought land for 17 of the 18 planned. It is possible that one or two more plots will be added in the coming twelve months. But irrespective, management has basically met 
Using today s proforma numbers, it is interesting to contrast the two Shanghai complexes with the seven new sites elsewhere, namely, one each in Tianjin, Jinan and Dalian, and two each in Shenyang and Wuxi. Land as a percentage of total project cost is far lower in the recent acquisitions. Average land cost per unit buildable area is likewise much cheaper. These facts may surprise many and speak of management s ability to buy wisely, usually in the absence of competition. We enter markets before others; we stay out when the sentiment is hot; and we quietly swoop in when everyone is gone. We are also confident that the quality of plots purchased is second to none. By that I mean their location, size, shape as well as - - and very importantly - - building regulations specific to each, are all near optimal. In fact, more than one competitor after systematically examining our portfolio have recognized its unparalleled worth. Such a feat can only be accomplished through a combination of discipline and agility.
Construction cost however will be more expensive than in the past in Shanghai. World commodity prices have risen over the past 10- 15 years. The same is true for labor cost in China. Nevertheless, on balance I expect all-in unit cost for the new developments to be only marginally higher than our two existing facilities. This should be quite acceptable since the latter started construction almost fifteen years ago. In the interim, rental has gone up manyfold. All these should bode well for our future.
Back to the fiscal year under review: given unfavorable market conditions for much of the period, we did not sell many completed apartments in Hong Kong. That is the only reason for the drop in revenue and profit. All other sectors of our business have performed acceptably, although severe global economic difficulties have slowed rental growth somewhat.
Hong Kong rents held up fairly well. In Shanghai, those from shopping centers and offices recorded double digits growth of 18% and 1?% respectively. Sales rent for the two malls fell but was well compensated by positive rent renewals to produce the near ?0% increase mentioned above. The two office towers at Plaza 66 came under some pressure in the second half of the 
Let me begin with a sobering fact. A 19% increase in lettable space notwithstanding, total rent received in Hong Kong by the Group is only now, after twelve long years, approaching the peak level of 1997. That spoke of the severity of the Asian Financial Crisis which began in July 1997 and lasted some five years. Fortunately, we had started to invest in Shanghai before the crisis hit, and beginning in ?000 saw a steady and frankly rather dramatic rise in 
Public documents showed that the stagnation experienced in our home market was common to other local property owners.
Imagine if we had not entered the mainland market and scored a success, our share price would have languished. That was precisely the case with some of our competitors. Certain firms with market capitalization almost exactly the same as ours back in 1997 are now a fraction that of ours. Some of them were absent on the Mainland; others did not play that market well.
History is always instructive for the future. If one were to look back at the Hong Kong real estate industry of the past forty some years, it would have quickly become clear that until the mid 1990 s, anyone who stuck exclusively with the local market and did a decent job would have made money - - most likely a lot of money. And the company which did the best became king. Conversely, anyone who ventured overseas or into other businesses would more likely than not have performed less well. Exceptions were few and far 
But as the Hong Kong property market, and indeed our entire economy, gradually matured, and as mainland China began to roar ahead, the industry landscape changed. The market in our Motherland is far bigger and grows at a much faster pace. Anyone who neglects it or does not get it right will be left behind. We are fortunate to have successfully established ourselves there since the early 1990 s. Now almost everyone is frenziedly struggling to get in and to learn. We definitely have an edge over most if not all.
(Here it will be useful to dispel a market misconception. Many investors thought that Hang Lung entered the Mainland market early and so bought land inexpensively. The fact was that many went in before us. It is just that they have perhaps not performed as well. In fact, the land we purchased in Shanghai in 199? and 199? was very costly. The market soon fell and it took almost a decade for prices to recover to the level we paid. On a unit cost basis, the land under Plaza 66 is still higher than any that we have bought since that time. Our subsequent success was in spite of the land cost we paid and not because of it. We made money the hard way - - by conscientiously and systematically applying knowledge and skill to create value through superior project design and property management. Experiences gained this way are applicable to future developments.) To do the correct thing on the Mainland is more easily said than done, for that huge market is very different from that of Hong Kong. There is no guarantee whatsoever that one who is successful here will be successful there. In fact one can rightfully query if most Hong Kong developers are making a reasonable return on the Mainland given the risks undertaken and the amount of capital employed. Yet try they must, for the king of tomorrow is the one who gets that market right.
Continuing to win in Hong Kong will not be easy because there are a dozen or so well capitalized companies all experienced in the local market. But even if one makes a success here, its magnitude cannot be compared to the winners on the Mainland. Just consider the following: for the past few years, there were probably half a dozen Mainland companies, each of which annually produced more residential units than the entire new stock in Hong Kong for the same period. So far there is a distinct differential in unit price but its movement is clearly in favor of the Mainland.
Annual sales of such Chinese companies both in terms of transaction volume and dollar amount are staggering. Already few Hong Kong developers can match their profits. In time, only the largest of our players can be in their league.
In the last interim report to shareholders, I reviewed briefly my chairmanship of the past eighteen years. Here I would like to develop that thought further. It should shed light on our present as well as the future. The last eighteen years together with the next few can more of less be divided into three phases of seven 
When I took over the chairmanship in January 1991, Hang Lung unlike many major competitors did not have any cheap land bank such as in the form of Letter B or Land Exchange Entitlements. So in the first seven years, we had to do two things right, and fortunately we did. First, buy land judiciously as we could not afford to make mistakes. There was no cheap inventory to average up prices.
Secondly, we had to somehow prepare ourselves for the big break if and when it came. This I call the Preparatory Phase.
Luckily the golden opportunity arrived in July 1997 in the unexpected guise of the Asian Financial Crisis. Again different from our competitors, we were not saddled by expensive land and so conserved cash. Equally significant were our capital market exercises in the previous year which gave us some HK$5 billion in the banks at the beginning of the crisis. Those were the days when cash was king, and king we were! We waited for another twenty-one months and then struck out - - we bought the best land at the cheapest price in the absence of any credible competitor. Those projects yielded - - and are continuing to yield - - tremendous profits and cash flow.
In the latter part of this period, our foray into the mainland market began to bear fruit. With the two developments in Shanghai, we laid the foundation for a national rollout of commercial complexes.
The money made in Hong Kong will ensure their funding with limited debt. This period I consider the Catch Up Phase which lasted also seven years and ended with the plan to go nationwide 
During much of this time, international investors paid little attention to us. All the adroit actions that prepared us best for the Asian Financial Crisis apparently went unnoticed. Successes in Shanghai that were beginning to manifest themselves were not yet convincing enough. The differential in market capitalization between us and our bigger competitors was the widest towards the end of 1999 and at the beginning of ?000. But by ?004 or the last year of this phase, institutional investors began to recognize our many achievements. The gap began to narrow and gone were the days of 
We are now in the third period of another seven years which can be termed the Take Off Phase. I expect it to end around ?011 as the first two new commercial complexes begin to be leased up.
During this time we will have finished buying the land, cleared the sites, and started construction for all eighteen projects in seven locations. Anticipated initial successes should soon manifest themselves. Apparently the international investment community has endorsed our strategy - - in the past two to three years, our market capitalization has overtaken several previously larger competitors. Later I will discuss what is required to solidify 
For now, one may rightly wonder: what will be next? I believe that the ?010 s may well be a golden era for us. Beginning next year, we will have at least one project reaching the market annually. Because of size, some of them will be phased. This means that for the coming decade and more, steady growth in income is all but assured. This highly desirable and almost unique stream of rising rental revenue is the culmination of some twenty years of hard work. It will not be easy to find a parallel in any industry. As long as China s economy is not seriously derailed which possibility obviously exists, Hang Lung should do very well indeed. All along, we will continue to seek further land acquisitions to enrich our portfolio.
But for now, optimism must be backed by solid actions. For almost two decades, our operation at all levels was marked by thorough considerations and deliberate execution. Adhering to such will strengthen our leadership position in the industry for years to come. Let me explain.
It has been management s long-held belief and practice to make every invested dollar work the hardest for us. The objective is to have one of the highest sustainable returns to shareholders. Here I emphasize the word sustainable as much as I do highest .
Strategy - - perhaps a rare word for real estate developers in this part of the world - - must serve this goal. I firmly believe that ours is one which can deliver.
On the operational level, we also do not lose sight of this aim.
Every contemplated project is measured against all alternatives so as to achieve this. Decisions at all levels must be guided by it.
When we do all things right, then the sum total should be one of the highest sustainable returns to shareholders. I will first use three measures relating to the Mainland rental market to illustrate.
First, in terms of annual return on invested capital, our two Shanghai properties are receiving approximately ?7% on an unleveraged basis since the Company is basically debt free. Given reasonable gearing, the number should be in the 40% range. Since this is accomplished through long term rental income alone, such returns are not only high but also sustainable . I do not believe that so far any of our Hong Kong (or for that matter, Mainland) competitors has a sustained return that comes close to this. Anyone getting half as much would be considered highly satisfactory by the market. Moreover, our annual growth in investment return since the opening of the Shanghai facilities has consistently been double digits. We work our capital harder than anyone.
Secondly, from available public information, one can easily determine that our average rent per square meter is by far the highest in the industry. If our numbers are correct, then the best firm other than ourselves gets less than half of ours. We receive at least two to three times higher unit rent than all other competitors.
In other words, we work each square meter of space we own at least two to three times harder than any competitor. This is not merely superiority in property management; it begins with discipline in location selection and excellence in site planning and building design. It is tough work but very rewarding! Thirdly, among all Hong Kong public companies, our rental margin is by far the best - - we achieve between 15% and 45% higher than anyone who cares to publish such figures. We accomplished this by having the second largest portfolio square meter wise and by far the biggest rental turnover and hence profit. This means that we also work each dollar of rent received the hardest.
With the goal to maximizing sustainable return to shareholders, and by making every invested dollar, every square meter owned, and every rental dollar work the hardest for us, we are well on our way to becoming China s premier developer, owner and manager of world class commercial properties. Perhaps we are already there.
Excellence is by no means limited to our Mainland team; our Hong Kong colleagues are likewise outstanding. Our Hong Kong rental margin and average unit rent approach the highest in the industry.
This is achieved against considerable odds. For historic reasons, our rental portfolio is the most diverse and complex among local companies. Much of the properties are located in older and disparate locations. The average age of our facilities is also higher than most, for we have been in the business longer than most.
Our property development team in Hong Kong is equally distinguished. It is doubtful if any company could match our profit margin in the past fifteen years. We consistently buy land rightly and sell completed products rightly - - more so than perhaps anyone.
Finally, our turnover and profit per employee consistently rank at the top of all Hong Kong real estate counters. The distance between us and the next player is usually very wide. For example, last year our turnover per employee was three times that of the second placed.
Our staff are hardworking but that has limits. Perhaps they just work smarter than others.

Now that we have basically completed land acquisitions for this phase of investments on the Mainland, attention will increasingly turn to building out the seven sites. Except the two newly acquired in Dalian and Wuxi, the other five are all under construction. We have over the past five years built teams of project managers who are mostly architects. Our Shanghai colleagues have led the effort to train up leasing and finance staff in each of the new cities. Our management structure has metamorphosed considerably.
The first property to reach the market will be Palace 66 on Zhongjie Lu in Shenyang in ?010. (The mall is very close to the old Qing Dynasty Palace, hence the name.) It will be followed the next year by the design award winning shopping center Parc 66 in Jinan. (It abuts the huge municipal square or park in the middle of downtown.) ?01? will see the completion of the shopping facility at Forum 66 on Qingnian Da Jie in Shenyang. (Our site borders the central city piazza or Forum , if you will.) ?01? may prove particularly busy with three developments opening - - the first office tower at Forum 66, the shopping center at Centre 66 in Wuxi (our first lot is in the dead center of that city right next to the corner where the two major thoroughfares meet), as well as Riverside 66, another design award winning mall, in Tianjin (not far from the river Hai He which courses through downtown). The first office building of Centre 66 should be ready by ?014. The following year, the huge mall Olympia 66 in Dalian (next to the municipal Olympic Park) will likely open.
Depending on market conditions, the remaining portions of Forum 66 and of Centre 66 should become available in ?016 and beyond.
This schedule makes clear that even without further new projects (which assumption is obviously unrealistic), each year we will on average add close to two hundred thousand square meters of new world class commercial space to our rental portfolio for the next decade and beyond. Barring unforeseen circumstances, the additional annual recurrent income therefrom can only be described as powerful.
Leasing of Palace 66 is well on its way. Roughly 40% of the space are already accounted for. We expect at least 80% full when it opens in the second quarter of next year. Initial yield should be around 5- 6% which is in line with expectation.
In a sense, leasing started years ago. Before we searched for land in a particular city, we were already in discussion with many of our tenants in Shanghai. Some brands which we deem long term partners in various cities have long expressed interest in principle in our new shopping centers. In fact we repeatedly consult with them during the developmental process. This way we have the best chance of building what retailers want and of maximizing rental income to us thereafter.
Earlier this month, a report was released on luxury goods markets on the Mainland. It was authored by Ruder Finn Asia, one of the world s leading public relations firms, and Albatross Global Solutions, a reputable market research company. Surveys were conducted in April and May of this year in twenty cities plus Hong Kong. Results were very encouraging to us for both the short and the long terms.
In the former, mainland consumers are far more optimistic, i.e. more willing to continue consuming, than those in Hong Kong. Our home city is intricately integrated with the rest of the world and so is more affected by global economic woes. In the latter, Shanghai is said to be the luxury center on the Mainland.
Far more interesting to us however is the conclusion regarding second tier cities versus first tier ones. The latter are defined as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou; the cities in which we are building all fit into the former.
The report concludes that the difference in luxury goods purchasing pattern between China s first and second tier cities was marginal. It says that second tier cities have witnessed a rapid development trend in luxury goods since ?007 and are anticipated to be key to their (fashion brands ) long term and sustained success . Our own research in the past have borne out the same, but it is gratifying to learn of reputable third party confirmation. Our decision to build in those cities is both correct and timely.
When an economy is taking off from a very low base, relatively fast growth can last for decades. I believe that it is the case with China.
The first to benefit are top tier cities such as Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Shanghai and Beijing. These, especially the last two, will always be the best commercial megalopolises in the country.
However, for economic reasons (such as manufacturers seeking cheaper land and salary) or political ones (like the government s need to narrow wealth differentials between regions for the sake of social harmony and national cohesion), sooner rather than later other municipalities, especially provincial capitals, will begin to catch up.
Many such metropolises, each having a population of 6 million or more, are at present perhaps eight to ten years behind Beijing and Shanghai in terms of development. These will provide the impetus for continued economic increase, including consumer spending, for decades to come. Even if first tier cities become saturated in terms of consumption, these will take the baton for further national growth and development. All of our new locations will no doubt benefit from this trend.
Moreover, China is undergoing the greatest urbanization that mankind has ever seen. Each year, close to ?0 million farmers move into the cities looking for jobs and a better living. Annually there are about 6 million university graduates, many coming originally from the countryside and are no longer willing to return home, the government s urging and incentivizing notwithstanding. These powerful forces will ensure the continued growth of major cities everywhere in the country.
On top of that, the national policy of food security dictates the maintenance of 1.8 billion Chinese acres (or approximately 1?0 million hectares, each Chinese acre equaling approximately 666 square meters) of farmland. This ensures that cities will have to grow vertically like Hong Kong and Tokyo. High population density becomes inevitable and is highly beneficial to our centrally located 
Experiences of the past twenty some years indicate that after a migrant settles in a city for ten to fifteen years, he or she will likely enter the ranks of the middle class. Such outsiders are usually more motivated to work hard and succeed, and so are upwardly mobile. They will become the new blood to shop in our malls and to work in our offices. All these are reasons why I believe that our many new developments in the so-called second tier cities will have excellent prospects.
Besides focusing on building out existing developments, we will continue to search for new sites. Our gearing will still be comfortable after taking into consideration construction expenses and selling down completed apartments in Hong Kong. Given strong residential market in recent months, there is a good chance that we will relaunch our sales campaign before the year is over.
We expect Hong Kong rental this fiscal year to be similar to that of the last, namely growing at single digit. Shanghai may for the first time experience the same. Since we opened the two facilities almost ten years ago, annual increase in rental income, until this year, has been upward of ?0% with the exception of ?005 which was 19%. Even excluding the addition of new space, growth has been solidly in the double digits. The market has been favorable all along. Now for the first time, China, especially Shanghai, is undergoing slower growth. However, I believe that the phenomenon may be a temporary one. The market should recover in a year or two.
The critical determinant of the level of income is our ability to sell Hong Kong flats. If successful, profit should be considerably better than last year. If not, then we will again rely on rental income alone. In that eventuality, we should still record profit growth but it will be modest.
Ronnie C. Chan 
