Chairman s Letter to Shareholders Results and Dividend The law in Mainland China dictates that all limited liability companies have the calendar year end as financial year end. Since the majority of our new projects of the past decade are on the Mainland, resulting in an increasing percentage of our business there, it makes eminent sense to change our financial year-end date from June 30 to December 31. It will eliminate much unnecessary accounting translations and administrative work which are tedious and costly. As such, this report can be considered the financial year end of 2011 although it only covers a six-month period.
Numbers are fully audited by our long-standing auditor KPMG. For a more meaningful comparison and for good corporate governance, we have additionally requested KPMG to audit our historic results for the period July 1, 2010 to December 31, 2010. They are incorporated into this report as you shall read later. The next time that I write to shareholders will be after the interim results of June 30, 2012.
Compared to the last corresponding period, turnover for the present six months ended December 31, 2011 increased 22% to HK$3,069 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders fell 26% to HK$2,516 million; earnings per share was HK$0.56 representing a drop of 30%. When excluding the effect of revaluation gains, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders grew 29% to HK$1,650 million and the underlying earnings per share rose 23% to HK$0.37.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.36 per share. For the half year to December 31, 2010 we paid HK$0.17 per share and six months later, HK$0.54 per share at then fiscal year end, making a full year payout of HK$0.71 per share . That means on average we paid HK$0.355 per share for each six-month period, hence the present recommendation. This amount is subject to approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting of shareholders.

After a considerable time of managing down Mainland residential prices by the Central Government employing many market and administrative measures, transaction volume finally shrank around August. Soon thereafter, prices began to fall. By the fourth quarter of last year, many real estate companies - - not only the smaller players but also some major ones - - were experiencing financial difficulties. We were expecting this development but it came perhaps earlier than we would have thought.
We were nevertheless pleased, for once again we were in a great financial state as the bear market descended upon us. We were, and probably still are, financially speaking one of the strongest real estate companies anywhere. When we placed shares and raised HK$11 billion in November 2010, there were plenty of skeptics.
Being already cash rich, why do you need more, they sneered. Anyone who asked such a question was obviously not a real estate professional, at least not a good one. One should know that the bear will sooner or later return and we want to be prepared to buy land on the cheap. Having more money on hand will give us a psychological edge as we go to bid.
Moreover, even if we do not add to our land bank, construction costs from existing projects in the coming years will not be inconsequential. The fact that today we have less net cash than the amount raised 14 months ago, means that without that exercise, we would already be in a net debt position. Yet we may be at the cusp of another round of good land purchase 
We began to do exactly that. In late September, we bought one of the best located plots in Kunming, the biggest city in the southwest. When it was first put up for auction in June, four local and two overseas firms including ourselves signed up for the fight. Frankly we did not think that we could win, for we never won when there was serious competition. Fortunately for technical reasons the municipal government cancelled the auction before it began. By the end of September when the piece was again made available, all the local players were gone. The market had begun to fall and financing became tight. Only a Singaporean entity and ourselves were left in the fray. With that, we knew that we had a fair chance although the eventual deal, if won, would not be a steal. If the auction had been held several months later, the only other bidder might have disappeared as well thus yielding an even better deal.
But the timing was not up to us; the government which owned the land dictated it.
One attraction of this tract is that it does not have a land clearance risk. It was home to the municipal government which had already relocated. Moreover, we know the plot well; we have been eyeing it for many years. In fact about two years ago, your Board met in Kunming and I had shown it to the Directors. Such a gem in an economically exciting city like Kunming would have forever been alienated from us if we had not gotten it at that time. So we bid and we won, at a price which was quite acceptable.
Some shareholders may not be familiar with Kunming.
First, it is the economic center of the southwestern part of the country. Just as Shenyang is the most significant city in the northeast, Kunming occupies that position in the southwest. The strategic significance of its location cannot be overstated. To keep a friendly relationship with Southeast Asian nations is politically and economically critical to China. Trade with neighboring countries is growing very fast. In the not too distant future, one can drive a car or take a train from Singapore to Amsterdam and the first major city within China s border is Kunming. It is truly an important gateway city.
Besides being a rail and highway crossroads, Kunming is also an air hub. It already has the seventh busiest airport in the country. Once the new airport is opened later this year, it will likely become the fourth. It is said that Kunming has been designated by the Central Government as one of four major international air transport gateway cities of China, with the other three being Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.
Kunming is unique among major Chinese cities in that the weather is mild. From time immemorial, it has been called the Spring City where flowers bloom year round.
That makes it a vibrant tourist destination and a choice location for second homes for the well-to-do.
Kunming is the capital of Yunnan Province. Due to the weather and geological formation, its biodiversity is unmatched. 53% of the country s fauna and 48% of the flora can be found in this region. As a result, certain industries and research institutions like to be located there. It is also one of the provinces which have the highest percentage of ethnic minorities who historically have lived peacefully with each other.
When all is said and done, everything must be translated into dollars and cents. The price we paid was quite acceptable. Compared to the land underneath Palace 66 in Shenyang purchased six years ago that was at its time the most expensive purchase we ever made on the Mainland, the unit cost is now 20% higher. In the past six years, land value, inflation, retail sales volume as well as rental have all risen sharply. In that light, the price we now pay is reasonable.
Our price is HK$4.3 billion and the piece has an allowable buildable space of about 430,000 square meters including the basement. Estimated total investment is around HK$12.5 billion.
Preliminary plans call for a sizable mall, at least one office tower, and 60,000 square meters of residential blocks. The rest of the space can be offices andor hotels. At present, we are conducting an international architectural competition. Every commercial complex we build is a piece of public art which combines aesthetics and functionality, and it should be the same in Kunming. We are confident that the financial return from the project should be quite pleasing.
Many investors over the years have wondered why Hang Lung only built in coastal cities. Now they may well ask, why finally in the inland with Kunming. The fact is that back in the early 2000 s when we began to look outside of Shanghai, we did not discriminate against municipalities away from the ocean. It was just that opening and reform first took place along the eastern seaboard. At that time, mayors and other leaders there were not only better educated but also much more open-minded. As a result, it was easier to negotiate and to consummate transactions. In fact, for almost a decade we never stopped searching in the central and western parts of the country. Fortunately, over the past several years we have detected a gradual upgrade of the caliber of city leaders in major cities in western China. As they gained experience in dealing with outside investors like us, conditions for doing business have improved. Some officials in the middle part of the country are still somewhat behind but it is only a matter of time that the situation will change. We welcome that development.
In Shanghai we detected a weakening of retail sales. As a result, growth in rent, while continuing, has slowed.
Office rental has improved somewhat. Margins remain high and again we are basically fully occupied. The mall in Plaza 66 has seen several major tenants expanding their shops, so some space is temporarily taken out of 
Turnover in Shenyang Palace 66 grew by 15%. Rental margin as well as operating profit have both improved.
Occupancy is at 94% and newly signed unit rents are on average 10% better than previous ones. That shows that tenants are confident for the days ahead.
All that was achieved in very tough and unfortunate circumstances. The three better sides of this island site were all but closed off to traffic for many months: two sides were due to underground road work and the third borders on a new construction site. We became almost totally inaccessible to pedestrian traffic. Fortunately the more serious of these problems are now resolved and we can look forward to further improvements.
Parc 66 in Jinan is clearly a success story. We expect a first year unleveraged gross rental return of approximately 7%. This far exceeds our initial hurdle of 4%. As rental margin continues to rise, the bottom line will look even better in the coming year.
I will not be too surprised if Forum 66 in Shenyang is similarly successful. We are already 70% leased up with deposits received for a majority of them. (There is a slight time gap between signing up and the first payment of deposits). Many of the tenants are top- tier global brand names. Contracted rents should yield investment return numbers that are much more akin to Parc 66 than to Palace 66. We expect to open the shopping center in late September this year, the low- zone of the first office tower next year, and the high- zone the year thereafter.
Hong Kong rents remain steady and all properties are basically fully occupied.
We only sold two units at The HarbourSide in the past six months. Unit price was however much higher than what we had achieved before. Once again, we mainly relied on rental income which performed well. Turnover increased 14% with Hong Kong advancing 7% and the Mainland 23%. This is basically the same as in the previous six months. 48% of total rents received now come from outside of Hong Kong.

With the addition of the Kunming site, it may become clear to some shareholders that while continuing to develop stand-alone shopping center projects like Shenyang Palace 66, Jinan Parc 66, Tianjin Riverside 66 and Dalian Olympia 66, we will increasingly take on mixed-use projects. This is nothing new to us, for our first two efforts in Shanghai, Plaza 66 and Grand Gateway 66, are both of that class, as are Shenyang Forum 66 and Wuxi Center 66. What was never discussed in my previous letters is how to treat their 
Approximately half of China s vast population are now city dwellers, more so than at any time in the long history of the country. The magnitude and speed of urbanization of the past two decades were the biggest and fastest that mankind has ever seen. Yet the process is expected to continue. While new cities are being built, population growth of existing ones will exert tremendous physical and social pressure of all sorts.
From a land utilization perspective, building upward becomes inevitable. This is in fact not bad for if done right like in Hong Kong, it can be very energy efficient.
On the part of municipal leaders, because public finance relies so much on land sales, having a higher plot ratio (i.e. allowable buildable space as a multiple of the size of the land) will yield more money. Consequently, there are multiple reasons why they like to see mixed-use projects encompassing many skyscrapers. Experiences in many Asian cities show that residents get used to them and in fact often prefer them.
All that means that for our future, finding land for stand- alone malls like Palace 66 or Parc 66 will become the exception rather than the rule. There are many reasons why we do not mind this. With mixed-use projects which are by definition large in total buildable area, the land cost will of necessity be high. That cuts out the smaller developers. In other words, such plots when sold will attract fewer competitors, for few developers will have the financial strength like us to play.
Some of these mixed-use projects will only entail retail space and offices like Plaza 66 in Shanghai. Others will have added residential blocks like Grand Gateway 66.
As our shareholders know, we have been cautious in developing office towers in many cities. In the U.S., there are about ten metropolises that have a sizable downtown with numerous high-rise offices. China will for sure have more of such cities, but we should not be blindly optimistic for this product type. And in the cities that we choose to construct them, we must be sure that the location is the best and the product world- class. This is exactly what we have done in Shanghai, what we are doing with Shenyang Forum 66 and Wuxi Center 66, and what we will do in Kunming.
Since we consider hotels a terrible business for the owners and will only do so when constrained by the need of the project, residential units become the only other major product class for us. Our long- term shareholders may remember my past writings explaining why we are not in residential development.
We still strongly hold that view in the traditional sense of a home builder - - buy large tracks of land and build tens of millions of square meters of apartments. That is a game of size and speed which is not our forte. We only want to compete in quality and in high unit prices.
On mixed-use projects in city centers, the residential element falls squarely on our side. Consider this: what will be the unit price of luxury apartments built on top of or abutting a world-class mall and right next to the city s most prestigious office skyscrapers? The answer is: among the highest in the city. That we do not mind doing, either for rent as serviced apartments or for sale.
Look at it another way. Again as I have previously written, for years we recognized that by developing a city s best shopping center, we are creating tremendous value for the immediate neighborhood and indeed for the entire district. That is in fact a key reason why municipal leaders consider Hang Lung the preferred buyer of their land because the land value surrounding us will inevitably go up. That will bring further income to the city s coffers.
After much internal debate, we have hitherto decided to focus on what we do best, i.e. commercial developments, leaving the added value for others to enjoy. But now, doing mixed-use projects is increasingly becoming the government s stipulation, thus forcing us to take some of those potential values for ourselves.
We will be happy to oblige! After all, having more people living right next door to our shopping center will only bring more retail sales. It seems we shall win whichever way we look.
Our question is whether we should sell or rent these apartments. It will depend on the project. Take the case of Grand Gateway 66. Because it is in Shanghai where land of superb location is limited and because we only have 624 units, we will keep them for long-term hold, at least for the foreseeable future. But in the case of Shenyang Forum 66, we may have 300,000 to 400,000 square meters with perhaps over two thousand units, so selling becomes much more likely.
Moreover, whereas top-located residences in cities like Beijing and Shanghai have in recent years witnessed substantial increase in sales price, the rise in secondary cities like Shenyang, Wuxi and Kunming has been more modest. It is quite possible that a sharper rise may be had in the coming years, although it is unlikely that the growth curve will be as steep as in the first tier cities. For that reason, we have recently reviewed all such projects in our portfolio and are making plans to capitalize on the coming opportunities.
As market conditions warrant, we may have all design work done, government approvals obtained, and in some cases the foundation work completed when we are doing the same for the mall and for the office towers.
Then we sit and wait. Once we detect winds of rising residential prices, we can quickly do the superstructure which is not that complicated. In a relatively short period of time, we should be able to hit the market, hopefully catching an updraft.
That we will do. For our shareholders, this initiative should represent a new area of value creation that was hitherto untapped and even unspoken. Yet to your management, it represents something we have always known. In our existing portfolio, we have approximately 500,000 to 600,000 square meters that we can work with. There are as yet many uncertainties affecting our decision on how much and when to build. For example, if demand for offices in one of our cities heats up, we may build more offices and less apartments. The determination can only be made as market conditions 
Shareholders may remember that one reason we previously did not like to build properties for sale was the much higher taxes that such an activity attracts.
However, if apartment prices rise substantially resulting in very rich margins, then sharing part of it with the government may still make sense to us. As in our commercial development business, we are not interested in high volume-low margin activities.
Back in Hong Kong, there are also new developments worth reporting. As I have previously told shareholders, our matured rental properties here can be sold to unlock hidden value because the periodic revaluation of our investment portfolio by third-party professionals is perhaps among the most conservative of our peers.
In the past we did not sell because we wanted to first make sure that we knew how to grow the rent roll on the Mainland. Now with our Shenyang and Jinan malls successfully opened and performing well, it is time to seriously look into it. As always, we will be patient and watchful for the right moment in order to maximize profit. After all, we can only sell each property once! We are still in a net cash position and so are not under pressure to act. Frankly that is the only way to part with 
Since expanding beyond Shanghai in 2005, we have so far committed about HK$67 billion in projects in six cities. If we were to count the two adjoining plots of land in Wuxi as one, then we have seven projects (with two in Shenyang). Almost all land premiums have been paid for and construction for Shenyang Palace 66 and Jinan Parc 66 has been completed. All other developments, with the exception of Kunming which is in the planning stage, are being built. So far HK$42 billion of construction remains to be paid.
Given the size of Shenyang Forum 66 and Wuxi Center 66 which like Kunming are huge, each of these may take a decade (from land purchase) if not longer to complete.
With a total of about 2.9 million square meters to be built (including car parks), finishing them in the next ten years will mean an average of 290,000 square meters per year. That is equivalent to completing one Empire State Building and more each year for ten years. Some say that Hang Lung is conservative but that seems quite progressive to me! Financial conservatism which we insist on does not necessarily mean strategic 
How to maintain fiscal prudence while being strategically aggressive to grasp the best opportunities in a fast expanding market is an interesting question.
We do it by honoring the old adage of the real estate industry, namely, insisting to buy-low-sell-high. This is easier said than done. Most players buy high expecting to sell higher. We are not so self-confident to do that, for there is little cushion in case the often fickle market turns south. For the past two decades we have honed our skill in calling market cycles correctly and so far we have done superbly. That, together with our utter respect for the other time honored principle in the industry of location, location, location (i.e. buying only the best located properties), have differentiated us from many of our competitors. It is truly amazing how few developers abide by these two cardinal rules! Being disciplined to keep to the two adages is however still not sufficient to win in the longer term unless one manages one s finances wisely. That we have done in the past two decades and more. In fact for the last six years, we have had a net cash position. The main reason for this is that we have consistently made correct decisions not only on the Mainland but also in our home market. Our Hong Kong residential developments for sale have by far the lowest cost basis compared to our competitors, and we always time our sales well to maximize profit. It is the cash therefrom that has put us in this enviable financial position and that to a good extent feeds our new Mainland projects.
Some have questioned our financial conservatism and suggest that we return money to shareholders such as in the form of a special cash dividend. For several reasons management should not do that. In fact, I have told those proponents to sell our stock if we do that.
Conceptually speaking, we are in a privileged position - - having gained experience, and having built a team as well as a brand - - to take advantage of one of the biggest commercial opportunities mankind has seen in the beginning part of this century, namely to ride the wave of urbanization and domestic consumption in China. Returning money to shareholders means that management is incapable of converting those opportunities, a great reason to dump our shares! But there are very practical reasons as well. Some of them were laid out a year ago in my letter to shareholders (i.e. the Interim Report of 2010-2011) where I gave the rationale for the share placement of November 2010. I shall not repeat them here. Suffice it to say that real estate markets in developing economies like China are more often than not volatile. Downward price movements can be sudden and sharp. Having cash on hand is essential to keeping the ship afloat in such an eventuality. Conversely, such bear markets sooner or later present excellent buying opportunities for those who have cash.
Nevertheless, from a capital structure perspective, having net cash consistently is not optimal; that position should be the exception rather than the rule. Leverage should be carefully employed so as to enhance investment return. So with the latest addition of Kunming whose land premium was paid off before calendar (and now also fiscal) year end, we will later this year return to a condition of having a low level of debt.
Until we can sell Hong Kong apartments in a meaningful amount, that situation will remain.
Moreover, construction cost in the foreseeable future will be substantial. Unless we have good reasons to slow down progress, otherwise the amount needed in the coming four years will be about HK$27 billion.
To finance this growth, we have as much as HK$20 billion worth of completed or near completed apartments in Hong Kong that can be sold. But in line with our practice to buy-low-sell-high, we will wait for higher prices. Our portfolio is unique among our competitors - - almost all units have a view of the harbor which is one of the most beautiful in the world. History shows that it is difficult for such luxury products to fall seriously in value. When market is slow such as in the past two years, transaction volume shrinks but price tends to hold up. Then when times are good, room for price hikes is plentiful. With plenty of potential buyers both locally and from the Mainland, the chance of price appreciation far exceeds that of depreciation. The cost to upkeep the empty units is miniscule compared to the upside potential.
Since the timing of sales is uncertain, we will need alternative funding sources. Placement of shares will be unlikely for the coming few years not only because the stock market may not cooperate, but also for technical reasons. Our parent Company Hang Lung Group prefers not to dilute its shareholding in us to below 50%. It did after the last placement in November 2010 and was then by Securities and Futures Ordinance barred from buying our shares for some time.
Moreover, our last issuance of scrips coincided with a peak in our share price. Thereafter, the stock market as a whole including our counter went down. History shows that in all previous share placements of ours, any taker with say a three-year investment horizon is pleased with their decision. For unlike some of our competitors, each issuance was at a price higher than all previous exercises of the same kind. As much as possible, we have all intentions to maintain that tradition. We want our shareholders to be happy with us.
We are thus left with debt financing as the only alternative to fund growth. At present we have bank facilities, drawn or undrawn, of over HK$26 billion. This is roughly matched by about HK$24 billion of cash on hand, mostly kept as RMB deposits.
Our present basic attitude towards bank financing is one of mistrust. We do not like the way global financial markets are developing. There is hardly a bank of size which is not under pressure of one sort or another. At times we are even skeptical about how committed is a so-called committed bank line . So once such a loan is secured, we unlike in the old days right away draw down. Converting HK dollar loan proceeds to RMB deposits can at times generate an interest income.
Partly due to this mistrust for banks and bank loans, over a year ago we put in place the Medium Term Note (MTN) program so that we as an unrated borrower can tap the bond market if we so choose. Again because of concerns over the financial market, we are only interested in longer dated instruments. Given our financial strength and the fact that we do not now need the funds, the yield we have to pay should be among the lowest in the industry. From this source, we should be able to raise about HK$15 billion.
With five sizable projects under construction, we will redouble efforts to ensure their timely completion.
Besides maintaining our usual high standard of design and construction, there are areas of project management which can use improvements. We will strive to strengthen property management as well in order to maximize tenant as well as shopper satisfaction. We are also conscientious to enhance our brand equity especially on the Mainland where all of our new businesses are. Already Hang Lung is considered by many there as China s best commercial property developer. A wider acceptance should not hurt and will help us as we later move into new markets.
As to buying more land on the Mainland, it is hard to judge at this stage if there are better opportunities in the coming months. We are rather pleased with our present portfolio and will only add to it if what we consider very attractive deals come along.
The main reason for the present uncertainty is that where the market will go will more than in recent years depend on the Central Government s actions. Just like in the few years before mid-2008, the government has since the second half of 2009 been attempting to rein in residential prices. Increasingly severe measures finally took hold last August and the plights of local developers became obvious. By the second half of December, however, there seemed to be signs of relaxation as banks began to lend again. Yet since the New Year, top government officials have repeatedly stated that tightening would continue. In other words, signals are 
Nevertheless, what seems likely is that now with the price hike under control and the government preferring to avoid big market swings, things will remain relatively quiet. Transaction volume may recover somewhat but prices may not rise much. That, together with renewed lending from banks, means that most major Mainland developers will survive but with some difficulties.
Consequently, their ambition to enter the commercial property market will be put on hold for the time being. This is evidenced by the Kunming land auction mentioned earlier - - whereas four Mainland players were among those who signed up to bid last June which contest was later called off, they all disappeared when it eventually went ahead in September.
That is good news for us - - if there is any land we want that is up for sale, competition will not be as keen.
What we do not know is when municipal governments will be financially desperate enough to sell at prices acceptable to us. That happened in early 2009 and we are hopeful that it will be repeated. However, we are not overly eager for that to happen, for we are a very patient player. Sometimes the longer we wait, the better the price.
Back in Hong Kong, it is doubtful if in the coming months we will be able to sell a lot of apartments at prices we want. That said, we will part with the top-end The HarbourSide units as buyers willing to pay emerge.
We saw a few cases in recent months which gave us a profit margin of some 78%. We should not expect that to be the norm.
In our bread and butter business of leasing commercial space, growth in Hong Kong rent for the first half of 2012 should be similar to that of the past six months.
For the Mainland market, we have detected a slowdown in domestic consumption. Although slow to be translated to rents received, sooner or later it will, unless sentiments quickly turn to the better. Given dullness in the global and to a lesser extent the Chinese economies, this is unlikely to happen. Rental increase rate should be similar to that of the past six months.
Fortunately we will see the opening of Shenyang Forum 66 this September. We expect a first year gross yield on investment of around 6% which will help top line 
Taking a longer term view, our future should be bright indeed. As long as the Mainland economy holds up reasonably, domestic consumption will sooner or later account for a bigger share of the pie. In the U.S., it accounts for over 70% of all economic activities while the number is less than 35% in China. If the latter were to close half of that gap in an ever expanding economy, it will be a bonanza for our mall business.
To put it in numeric terms: if one day the gross yield of the new investments of HK$67 billion approaches what we are receiving today in Shanghai, the annual profit therefrom will be impressive indeed. Some twelve years after opening our two properties in that city, they are annually yielding on an unleveraged basis close to 40%. I believe that this level of return can be repeated.
If so, then the mathematics indicates a very promising future as we successfully open new complexes one by one and grow rental. I like to think that few real estate companies anywhere have that level of certainty or of magnitude, in sustained profit growth.
To execute our strategy, property management is a critical element. I am pleased to report that we have employed a seasoned executive Ms Prudence Chan to head that activity. Although not an Executive Director of the main Board, this is a Director grade hire. She will report directly to our Managing Director Mr Philip Chen.
It is my belief that our entire Board including the Non- Executive Directors should continually learn in areas critical to the success of the Company. This is why we visited Dubai in 2010 and Las Vegas last November.
The choices of location are deliberate and here are the 
It is my observation that the best malls in the world are perhaps in three places: in the U.S. especially in Las Vegas, in Dubai, and now in Mainland China. Much of the innovative ideas come from Las Vegas which are frequently copied by the Gulf region Emirate. More often than not, the latter improves upon them and builds them bigger. With China coming to the game later, it has the benefit of learning from everyone. For example, our Dalian Olympia 66 last month won a global design competition held in London. In fact, all of our new projects of the past decade have won one contest or another in the international arena.
More significantly, the economics of the Chinese malls are by far the best. The U.S. has an oversupply of retail space in a slow growing economy. In Las Vegas, shopping will always play second fiddle to gambling. As a result, most of the shopping centers there are not that big. Dubai on the other hand relies heavily on tourists; there are just not enough locals to fill the abundance of mall space. Tourists can be repeat retail customers but only periodically if not rarely. Recent turmoil in the region also does not help business.
The situation in China is much more encouraging. So far society has been peaceful, the economy consistently expands by 8 to 10% per annum, and personal income growth is powerful. Last year, overall domestic consumption rose by 17% and that for luxury goods which is of particular interest to us, by 30%. Unlike in the West, shopping centers are a relatively new phenomenon in most big cities. Because population density is invariably high, the pool of repeat customers is huge and consistent. Given all these favorable factors, your Company is truly in a market sweet spot, the likes of which are rare in the world! Barring unforeseen circumstances and excluding developmental profit from Hong Kong which is unpredictable, this year we strive to produce a bottom line growth rate in the low double digits similar to that of the past twelve months.
Ronnie C. Chan 
