CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Ronnie C. Chan Chairman Results and Dividend We have had a stellar year. For the first time in the Company s history, underlying net profit broke through the HK$5 billion mark and total net profit surpassed HK$13 billion. Turnover was also at an all time high exceeding HK$10 billion. Our rental business especially in Shanghai has performed superbly but it is the sales of residential units in Hong Kong which boosted these numbers.
The Board recommends a final dividend of 51 cents per share which is 19% higher than last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be 66 cents per share, an increase of 18% compared to that of the year before.

At the beginning of the fiscal year, we had approximately 2,800 completed residential units in Hong Kong available for sale.
We parted with 800 and collected revenues of over HK$6.3 billion.
Profit margins were excellent, most likely the best for similar products in all of Hong Kong. Prices achieved were much higher than those sold in previous periods. All these were accomplished because the last quarter of 2007 saw a surge in the market and we took advantage of it. Since then prices have fallen especially in the past few months. Again we accurately read the market and thus attained the 
Our rental portfolio also performed magnificently. We collected 25% more rents than last year with Hong Kong rising by 11% and Shanghai by a whopping 54%. Full year rental for the second office tower at Plaza 66 contributed to the last number, but even without it, office rents still increased by 19% and retail by 38%. It is just a matter of time before total rental income from Shanghai exceeds that of Hong Kong.
Our Company s long-term future, however, rests with our ability to buy large pieces of top located land in economically vibrant cities in mainland China. That process was started in 2003 and we completed our first purchase outside of Shanghai in early 2005 in Tianjin. Using our definition of a project, i.e. an investment of HK$2 to HK$2.5 billion, we have acquired nine in Tianjin, Shenyang, Jinan and Wuxi. Total investments are expected to be slightly over HK$20 billion which is half of our planned HK$40 billion in eighteen projects. We have been actively working on many more but it usually takes nine months to three years from the identification of a plot to the successful transfer of title. Consequently it is difficult to predict when there will be another announcement of an acquisition.
Whereas we can always somewhat slow down the process say if the market is too hot and we prefer a cooler market before concluding negotiations, it is almost impossible to unilaterally hasten the course.
Detailed negotiations are tedious and time-consuming.
This explains what has happened to our land purchase or lack thereof in 2007. The last time we signed a purchase agreement was in Jinan in February of that year. The land was actually purchased the previous year but we had to wait for the clearing of existing tenants before officially completing the transfer. The acquisition immediately beforehand was in Wuxi in December 2006.
Beyond those, simply no transactions came to fruition since the beginning of 2007. If there could have been and if the local government had demanded higher prices than previously discussed due to the overheated market, we would have deliberately slowed down the process. We knew the market was becoming irrational and there was no reason to hurry and buy. The sharper the rise in prices, the faster the fall.
History has once again proven us correct. By late summer last year, the market had become truly crazy, reasons for which we could only surmise. First, in the past year or two, the central government was obviously trying to cool residential prices. However, land and housing prices kept rising which prompted Beijing to take increasingly tougher measures. Many local residential developers decided to migrate to commercial properties. Most of them I suspect have no idea that the skill sets required are considerably more and in any event, different.
There may be a second reason. It does not take too much imagination to conjecture that some developers in Hong Kong and on the mainland may attribute Hang Lung s having the highest price-earnings ratio in Hong Kong to our concentrating almost exclusively on mainland commercial properties.
Additionally, there were businessmen of different ilks joining the fray, thinking mistakenly that this business is easy. They forgot the fact that in most mainland cities, there are far more failed commercial developments of size than successful ones.
The whole episode came to a head in August. A piece of land on the same street and not far from Plaza 66 was sold at an accommodation value (or AV, i.e. land price per unit of buildable space) of ten times more than that of Plaza 66. A month later, another plot in Chengdu was auctioned at an AV that was about twenty times that of a similar piece we bought in Shenyang a year ago. Those numbers were 
While some friends congratulated us for the steals that we had achieved in the previous two years, we were frankly unhappy.
Fortunately none of those ridiculously high prices have affected any of our projects under negotiation. It speaks of the maturity of municipal leaders we deal with -- -- they knew that those prices were aberrations and unsustainable. Contrasting their sanity with the insanity of developers from both the mainland and Hong Kong makes for an interesting observation. Moreover, within a few short months the commercial land market cooled rapidly, and those who purchased at the peak were wallowing in regret.
As 2008 rolled in, market conditions went from cool to cold. Now we are happy. Not only did we avoid getting stuck with expensive land, we are hopeful that future acquisitions will be somewhat easier.
There will be less competition. With luck, we may even buy on the cheap although we are not counting on that. The prices we have been discussing with municipal leaders in several cities are for the most part reasonable and we are happy to buy at those levels.
What we would really like to see is a more expeditious conclusion of negotiations. That I am hopeful.
If it happens, then we will have a fair chance of completing in the next sixteen or so months the nine remaining land acquisitions out of the planned eighteen projects. After all, we seem to have the habit of swooping in quietly for the kill; this is the only way we like to buy real estate. In 1992-1993 we snapped up many Hong Kong investment properties including our present head office, the Standard Chartered Bank Building; in 1999-2000 in the absence of any credible competitor we bought Hong Kong residential plots which later became The HarbourSide, The Long Beach and AquaMarine to great profit; and in 2005-2006 we purchased under the radar screen the best located commercial land in several dynamic mainland cities.
Prices paid for all of the above were well below those acquired by our competitors. Now as the market once again cools and few have the heart and the money to buy, we will come in and pick up the choicest pieces at reasonable prices.
This habit of ours partially explains why our stocks in the past several years have been one of the best if not the best performer in the property sector. A good number of analysts believe that our true net asset value far exceeds what most people think. Even if one greatly discounts the highly inflated land prices of a year ago, it is still true that the prices we paid for our recent acquisitions must be a fraction of their present market value. For all the projects not yet completed and hence not yet income producing, the land is always carried at cost on our balance sheet.
As to our completed and income producing properties, some investors also think that they too are undervalued. That is because of the way the annual professional valuations are done. Whereas the capitalization rate (i.e. cap rate) used for prime Hong Kong income producing properties is around 5%, our two Shanghai facilities are valued with a cap rate of around 10%. The fact is that we will not sell them even if given a cap rate of 2% since they are irreplaceable assets which are still growing strongly in terms of their income generating abilities. So if only a cap rate of 5% is used in Shanghai as in Hong Kong, their value would double. And those are big numbers indeed! Nevertheless we respect the valuations of outside professionals.
We can rationally understand why 10% is used for mainland developments, although we realize that there are equally convincing arguments for a much lower cap rate and hence far higher valuations.

A brief review of my recent annual statement to shareholders may be a meaningful exercise. Last year, we published a small volume Ten Years in Retrospect containing excerpts of the past ten such letters. Shareholders who are interested can write to the Company Secretary for copies or access them on the Company website: 
Our present strategy was put in place in 2003. The original idea came about as a result of two forces. First, the experiment with real estate in mainland China which started in 1992 began to bear fruit soon after the completion of our two Shanghai commercial complexes -- The Grand Gateway and Plaza 66 -- respectively in 1999 and 2000.
By 2002, we knew that we had done well and that our success might be replicable in other major mainland cities. Secondly, at around the same time, it became obvious that land in Hong Kong purchased at the nadir of the Asian Financial Crisis in 1999 and 2000 would bring tremendous profit and cash flow. This made possible the contemplated expansion on the mainland.
In 2003 and as stated in my 20032004 statement to shareholders, I wrote for the first time about our plans for the huge market north of Hong Kong. If Shanghai is considered phase one of that effort, then we started phase two at that point. In the three years to fiscal 20062007, our strategy underwent refinements as we learned more about various cities. The progression was documented in my annual letter to shareholders.
In the 20042005 report, I explained in detail why we would henceforth focus on the mainland. That year we bought our first piece of land outside of Shanghai in Tianjin. We also placed shares to prepare for 
In the 20052006 statement, I clearly outlined how management planned to execute the strategy. I also wrote about our efforts in sustainable development. Whereas by that time we had already done much to retrofit all our Hong Kong rental properties for energy conservation, the new projects on the mainland called for serious efforts in design and construction for the longer term. That aspect of our work was further communicated to shareholders the 
The present plan to construct eighteen commercial complexes in say eight cities was enunciated in the 20062007 report. How our business relates to society at large was described. I also examined changes in the competitive landscape with new sources of capital in the form of real estate funds as well as our responses.
As our shareholders know, management plans to buy land for eighteen projects between 2005 and 2009. I am still hopeful that as the market is now softening, we will be able to achieve the target or hit close to it. One may reasonably ask: what is next? Management obviously has ideas for 2010 and beyond, and I will write about this later. It suffices now to say that the future will likely be an extension of the present strategy. As such, I deem it appropriate to focus this year s discussion on the risks associated with our chosen course. It is management s job to effectively communicate the critical facets of our strategy.
I am often asked this question: what will Hang Lung do as overbuilding sets in on the mainland? The answer is not readily understood by even the most sophisticated investors. It bears some explaining.
As the old adage goes, the three most critical success factors for real estate are location, location and location. I do not disagree, although there are other important factors. The significance of location is especially true for commercial developments, and even more so for world-class complexes. Where one puts a Wal-Mart or a Carrefour is obviously less consequential than shops for leading fashion brands.
Since we only develop landmark projects, the choice of location 
What is amazing is that few developers in mainland China follow this golden rule. But not your management -- we practice what we preach and will not veer from it, a point to which I will return.
Moreover, as I have previously written, we want the biggest possible piece of land in the heart of economically dynamic cities. Realistically, it is very difficult to find such plots, for most of them are occupied or are already divided into smaller parcels. Our choice is further limited because we insist on the pieces having a certain integrity in shape such that it is possible to build products that meet the dual criteria of functionality and aesthetics. That makes our job extremely challenging for there may only be a few such lots in each city.
This means that we must as soon as possible own such land, for ownership will bring first mover advantage. Once world-class buildings are properly designed and constructed, together with satisfactory property management, the owner's position is almost unassailable. Combined with the fact that we only rent and do not sell our properties is the crux of our strategy. In city after city, we are systematically executing it, and so far so good.
Once we finish carrying out this strategy, what will be our competitive landscape? It will not give us a monopolistic position in each city but it will be almost as pleasing. Let me explain.
In the market niche in which we have chosen, namely the highest end commercial complexes in each city, there is a strong tendency towards winner-takes-all. Being in the best part of town will undoubtedly attract competitors but how shall we view them? All things else being equal, obviously we prefer not to have them, but that would be unrealistic. However, competitors can have a positive effect as well. They create critical mass for the area. When consumers go shopping, they usually choose the district which will give them the most choices. Competitors will provide those choices.
But once shoppers arrive in the neighborhood, which mall they will enter depends mainly on its location, size, design, and hence types and variety of shops and goods, as well as management. Our goal is to build, own and operate malls that are the first choice of shoppers.
The other side of the coin is that leading fashion brands will usually have only one store in each district. Like their customers, they too will choose according to location, size, design and management.
This in turn will attract lesser brands which want to be identified by proximity with the more prestigious names. Consequently, the best mall in the area will have the crme de la crme of the best tenants and best shoppers, thus winner-takes-all . Inasmuch as no one likes competitors, it can in some instances -- like in our case -- help. For the top-end commercial complexes we build, overbuilding is less of an issue.
This is clearly the case with our two projects in Shanghai. Before completion, there were already similar developments around them.
Since our opening, even more shopping malls have been constructed.
We are truly surrounded by competitors. Yet the rent differential between us and our neighbors is staggering. Current retail rent at Plaza 66 is twice as much as those in the same district. Office rent is 25% more. For The Grand Gateway, our shopping center rent is 1.25 times that of our neighbors while our office rent is 50% more.
A similar phenomenon is expected in all our new projects outside 
Given the above, it is imperative that we move fast to buy the very best land in each chosen city. In a few metropolises, we are already too late. The best located large plots are already sold or subdivided into smaller parcels. In those cases, we will go to other cities. We will not easily compromise our site selection criteria. After all, there are many metropolitan areas that are at once economically dynamic and have a big population. By one count, of the 658 cities in the country, 171 have more than one million people, 83 have more than 3 million and 55 have over 5 million. We have choices.
While we are going full steam in constructing new projects, we remain relentless in our search for new cities and new sites. Only the best plots deserve our erecting world-class buildings. Once we do that and manage the properties well, our long-term competitive position is almost untouchable. By that time the risks of this strategy will be among the lowest in the industry while the consistent financial returns may well be among the highest.
This sounds almost too good to be true, but it can be a reality as we have amply demonstrated in Shanghai. With the buy land, build and sell strategy, one s profit is only as assured as the last successful project. Both land and building prices can fluctuate wildly in a developing economy like China -- just as we have repeatedly witnessed in Hong Kong and in Southeast Asia in past decades.
The risks one takes in that strategy are considerably greater. But by adhering to buy land, build and lease as we do, revenue is locked in for at least several years through leases with reputable companies.
Even when the economy is down, our profit is rather protected. In other words, the quality of our income is far better. This is true of our shopping centers as well as our offices.
Moreover, your management is conscientious to build long-term symbiotic relations with desirable tenants. We do not squeeze every last penny in rent out of them when the market is good, nor are we ruthless when times are bad. Coupled with the fact that retailers have hardly seen such quality buildings like ours in China, they often fight to get in or stay in our properties. This way we get to select the choicest tenants. Several of our institutional shareholders have told me that Hang Lung has one of the best investor relations. We also strive to do the same in tenant relations, especially with those whom we deem long-term partners . So although we have yet to open facilities outside of Shanghai, many of them have expressed a strong desire to go with us wherever we build. They like the quality of our developments as well as the style of our management.
However, we must also consider the possibility of a prolonged market trough. I have written before that as long as the down-turn is cyclical and not systemic, we may well buy more land for future expansion.
At the same time, we can be as competitive as anyone in terms of tenant retention. Our retail clients know that if they do not rent from us when the market is down, we may exclude them when the market recovers. More than one retailer has experienced this first hand with our two Shanghai properties. After all, we are not unrealistic with the asking rent and have no intention to overplay our strong position vis--vis good tenants. In a word, we are a friendly landlord who likes to build long-term partnerships .
A slightly different dynamic exists with offices. Location is still important, but equally so are building design which determines the ratio of net usable space, construction quality which affects energy consumption, and management services. All of these, if done well, will give an office building prestige which is important to corporate clients.
Hang Lung is also among the strongest landlords in terms of finance. We are debt free and have a sizeable and steady annual rental income. If the market is down or if one of our new projects is completed during a market lull, we can compete on rent with anyone.
We will keep choice tenants and will reap high rents once the market recovers. By that time, some of the weaker property owners may not be around anymore.
In the longer term, it is reasonable to expect that prime land in major Chinese cities will rise in value. This means that latecomers will have higher land costs. From what we can determine, not only is the land we purchased in recent years probably the best in quality as defined by location, size and shape, we also paid by far the least. For example, the price of a five to six hectare plot in Chengdu auctioned last September by the government was more than the total cost of all the land we have ever purchased on the mainland in the past sixteen years.
In the early 2000 s, the general rule of thumb is that land price should be around 30% to 35% of total project cost. The numbers gradually climbed to 40% to 45% until last autumn when they became irrationally high. For land we bought in 2005 and 2006 outside of Shanghai, prices hovered around 17% to 18%. That is why knowledgeable analysts consider those purchases steals.
That situation is however not sustainable. I will be happy if in the longer run, land price remains around one-third of total project cost which has always been our goal.
Wise acquisition of land is however only part of the reason for our assuming lower risks and obtaining superior consistent financial returns. Another critical factor is that perhaps more than any of our competitors, we create much more value through project planning and building design, construction, as well as tenant and property management. In other words, unlike many amateur developers who leave their financial returns to and at times blame their poor performance on the vagaries of the market, our risk mitigation and return enhancement are mainly derived from the application of experience and knowledge.
All of the above explain why we have perhaps one of the lowest risk profiles among all real estate developers in China. Yet our return may be among the best both in terms of magnitude and consistency.
By the third three-year lease term, our Shanghai properties are yielding unleveraged returns of approximately 20%. It is reasonable to expect similar results for our new projects elsewhere. In the case of our Shanghai malls, annual revenue and profit growth have both averaged in the double digits, often upwards of 20%. As long as China s economy remains relatively healthy, consumption which is still at a rather low level will inevitably increase. That means shopping center rents should gradually rise in the coming decade or two as they have in the past several years. Office rents are less easy to predict but overall, I do expect a decent return from all our mainland projects old and new.
If our track record as well as forecast are that attractive, why are others not emulating Hang Lung s strategy? It is not for lack of trying; many have but so far apparently few if any have succeeded. One day worthy competitors will arrive but by then we will have established ourselves such that our first mover advantage will make our position very defendable. Such is the beauty of our strategy. China is a big country and there will be room for many to play, but we will hopefully be the best and have the highest returns.
It is instructive to examine why so few have succeeded in high-end commercial developments. A superficial reason is that tremendous financial strength is required to build and hold properties without selling. Most major mainland Chinese real estate companies only went public within the past ten years. Prior to that they did not have the financial means, and even now, many of them still do not. A few of them, like many of their Hong Kong competitors, however do. So there must be deeper reasons.
As I alluded to before, there are four steps in the development process and the successful execution of all four will automatically lead to the ultimate goal of superior financial return. Again they are: site selection, project design, construction and property management.
None of these are particularly high-tech in nature. Rather, all four require accumulation of know-how through hard-earned experience. In other words, the key to success is not high-tech but high-experience or high-knowledge. This implies that management continuity is paramount. In turn, it depends on corporate culture which takes years to develop. We know of Hong Kong developers whose mainland team is like a revolving door. More often than not, this phenomenon is the result of their corporate culture. And without management continuity, there is no possibility of knowledge retention.
The result is that financial returns will suffer.
Mainland companies for the most part have not had the years to accumulate the necessary expertise. Perhaps surprising to some, neither do most Hong Kong players on the mainland.
Some of them were afraid of the market until they were forced by circumstances in the past two to three years to enter. Those who went in early occupied themselves with different product types in many cities. We were the only major firm which from day one concentrated on commercial real estate. We also limited ourselves to one place Shanghai so we could build a team and learn.
While certain fundamentals are the same everywhere, the mainland market in many critical aspects is very different from Hong Kong.
To merely bring Hong Kong experience to the north can be dangerous.
Take project design as an example. It is highly likely that our top management team spends much more time working with world-class architects than any of our competitors. Those outside experts design like none of us can. But at the same time, they are artists at heart and have no knowledge of local commercial conditions. We spent many long years learning and working collaboratively with them.
Only by doing so will the resulting products meet market needs and bring superior financial returns.
Due to the enormous size of the mainland market, another important criterion must be discipline which plays an inherent part of the development process. History has shown that Hang Lung is the most disciplined real estate company in buying land. This is manifested in the actual site selection as well as in negotiating detailed terms with municipal governments before we commit. Again such an approach requires a certain corporate culture and management style.
Discipline is also seen in our adherence to our strategy. Unless we are convinced that there is a better way forward, we will not veer from our winning formula. In developing economies such as China where money can be made in all kinds of ways, it takes discipline to stick to a prescribed path. History shows that in the long run, the market will reward those companies who only do one thing and are the best in class, rather than those who dabble in many things.
As described above, our strategy is potentially low risk and high return, and so far we have had little competition. Why should we trade it for something else?! To further mitigate risks and enhance our continued success, we have long recognized the value of brand building. It is a great tool to draw both potential tenants and shoppers. Perhaps as a sign of our success in this regard, copycat mainland real estate companies called Hang Lung have been discovered on occasion, and buildings in several cities have been found to bear our name. On the one hand, this is troublesome and we will not treat such infringements lightly.
On the other hand, we understand that imitation is the highest form 
Before concluding this section, let me summarize the mainland Chinese real estate industry this way. It is a relatively new business with only about twenty years of history. During that period, many developers from both the mainland and Hong Kong tried different things. What has emerged are two models which have seen success and enduring promise. They differ greatly from one another and I will define them according to what I consider as the most representative company of each model Vanke and Hang Lung.
Listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, Vanke is the biggest residential developer in China and indeed in the world. Last year it produced and sold over 60,000 units. Its biggest markets are the Pearl River Delta and the Yangtze River Delta, two of China s most populous and economically exciting regions. Vanke s model is to buy tracts of land, build residential units and sell or pre-sell as soon as possible. The company is not overly concerned with market timing.
Volume or quantity is the name of the game. It is like being a product manufacturer and it is operationally intensive. To better control quality and speed, Vanke s chairman Mr. Wang Shi told me at my office a few months ago that his company was beginning to work with several of the world s best pre-fab home builders, which really makes sense.
Finance management wise, a company of this model needs capital but not necessarily a huge amount as long as banks are willing to fund projects. What is important to the company is cash flow. Speed is essential so as to beat neighboring projects to the market and to generate cash for loan repayment and reinvestment.
Risks associated with this model relate mainly to market cycles.
A company is only as profitable as its last project. There is no guarantee that it will continue to make money in the next round.
Rather there is the distinct possibility that the firm may lose big in the next cycle such that all previous profits vanish. In fact, if there is a prolonged bear market, cash flow shortage may very well bankrupt 
Moreover, in fast developing economies like China and for that matter, like Hong Kong in the 1970 s to the 1990 s, both land and building prices can fluctuate wildly. Even a big and prolonged bull market can be fraught with danger where land and building prices chase each other on the way up. Since the price of land is far more elastic than that of the completed building which needs ultimate end users, the former can leave the latter in the dust. As we have repeatedly witnessed in Hong Kong and more recently on the mainland until the end of last year, the land element of each unit of buildable space can be more expensive than the existing market building unit price, i.e. land and building together. Hong Kong people describe this phenomenon as flour is more expensive than the bread that it makes. This saying was widely adopted in China during the mainland bull market of 2007.
It is like doubling a bet at the gambling table after each win. All it takes is for the player to lose once and he gives back everything he has ever made and perhaps more if he is leveraged.
The other model is championed by your Company so I will call it the Hang Lung model. There is little need to describe it here since shareholders who have read this annual statement in the past should be very well versed. Suffice to contrast it briefly with the 
If what Vanke emphasizes is quantity, then ours must be quality.
What they need is speed and what we need is first mover advantage.
While their profit can at times be very attractive, it is highly cyclical.
Ours on the other hand is incredibly steady once the commercial complexes are leased. In other words, the quality of our income is superior and our profit is generated with a much lower level of risk.
And since we lease properties and do not sell, our tax rate is far 
Take for example our two Shanghai developments. At present they are receiving unleveraged returns of over 20% and rising. If say 60% of the total project cost is borrowed at a reasonable interest rate, that equates to a leveraged return of over 40%. Even if we were to be unreasonably conservative and project no growth in rents in the coming period, we are still getting 20% plus cash-on-cash return. It is highly doubtful if the other model can consistently produce that level of profit. Frankly I can hardly think of another industry which is as attractive as ours giving relatively high steady returns with fairly 
Here is an interesting question: can a company excel in both strategies? After all, both are real estate. I believe that it is not easy. Basketball and gymnastics are both sports but one can hardly become world-class athletes in both. As mentioned earlier, many traditionally in the Vanke vein have tried to enter the commercial real estate world. So far we cannot find too many successful cases. The two models require very different mindsets and skill sets. If anything, it is particularly difficult for the other model to migrate to ours given the much higher expertise that is required. It is conceivable nevertheless that some of the Hang Lung ilk, especially those of us who have had extensive experience in Hong Kong building apartments for sale, may be able to successfully cross over.
In the long run, however, it is likely that those who win big are the ones who stick to one thing. This is the case in the West where the property market is far more developed. In China where heated competition will sooner or later arrive, the winners must be world- class. This also argues for specialization. I believe that in the coming decades, almost all highly successful developers in that enormous market will belong to either of the two models or derivatives thereof.

For years I have publicly stated that it is much easier to predict difficulties in the Chinese economy than otherwise. Many of the institutions involved in financial activities from banking regulation to capital market supervision are newly established and untested.
Inasmuch as senior government officials in charge of the economy are apparently very competent, they have not experienced major market fluctuations. Dealing with future troubles will present challenges as they are likely to be quite different from those of the 1990 s when the Chinese economy was a lot smaller and simpler. The extent of globalization then was much less. Administrative measures to correct mistakes may now be more difficult and less effective. Nowadays a misstep in policy formulation or execution may have much wider consequences beyond pure economics. As the bull market continuously expanded in the past decade or so, the potential dangers seemed to increase.
So far none of my worries have materialized. However, the market appears to have naturally entered into an adjustment phase. The bull market has been running for quite a long time and a gradual slow down now is much better than a sharp decline later. This is the best scenario for no market can defy gravity indefinitely. Chinese leaders appear to be able, at least so far, to keep the economic ship on even keel. Real estate prices which are of consequences to the overall economy finally fell after increasingly severe government measures.
Much of the rest of the world, especially the U.S., is faring worse.
American subprime mortgage and CDO (collateralized debt obligations) problems will greatly impact their economy. Global commodity prices have risen exponentially and inflation is once again rearing its ugly head. A period of troubled waters ahead seems certain.
With China being a major world manufacturer, the combination of domestic and international problems as mentioned above will take a toll on economic growth. Management believes that the worst is yet to come, and this must somehow affect our business.
There is no denying that the Chinese government does not want residential prices to rise too fast. Consequently foreign investments (including those from Hong Kong) therein for the past year or two were discouraged. Social harmony is of foremost importance to China so these measures are understandable. This is precisely the reason from day one why we have avoided residential developments. The developer bears all the risks but the upside may be capped. The only way to play that game is by volume.
While pricing for commercial real estate in China is much more determined by market forces, that does not make it any less volatile than for residential units. Hence we saw the insane land prices of last autumn which fell as fast as the rise. We conserved capital and bought nothing in the past twenty months. We are well prepared for the coming bear market and, in fact, welcome it. There are however other reasons for our pleasure.
First, the bear market will knock off some of our competitors. We are already hearing about troubles from some of the mainland players.
Completed, half-completed and yet-to-start-construction projects are 
now seeking buyers. We are open-minded and will look although the chances of our buying are not great. We have yet to see designs that meet our high standards. However, if such a development is superbly located, then we will consider it. After all, everything can be boiled down to pricing.
Secondly, we are hopeful that now with less competition, we will be able to conclude land purchases easier. Obviously we always like lower prices but price is not our only consideration. Many other deal terms may be of more value to us in the long run than merely lower dollars. When the market is hot, the municipal government selling the land may have more incentive to wait in hope of higher price tags.
Now when the economy is slow and tax revenues are down, the government may want to sell land to make up for the deficit. They also know that there are fewer potential buyers out there so we are hopeful of closing transactions slightly faster.
Thirdly, a slower economy will most likely translate to a cooler stock market. In the past, our parent company Hang Lung Group (HLG) always purchased our scripts when others dumped. In the last year or so, for example, HLG s shareholding has gone from a little over 50% to about 52%. The bull market will one day return and we will once again be able to place shares for further expansion. Given the almost unlimited opportunities on the mainland, our winning strategy and our solid track record, we should continue to grow.
Finally, as I have written in previous years, we care very much for our employees, especially our professional staff. To remain successful will require keeping our excellent team happy. This is why we are one of the very few if not the only major property company in Hong Kong that has a well defined stock option incentive scheme. A depressed stock price will enable us to issue more attractive options to 
As the fiscal year s second half results show, rental growth has remained strong. This trend is expected to persist in the coming months. It is however conceivable that if the economy weakens, consumption will one day be affected. Our position is nevertheless protected to a good extent by term leases with strong tenants, although growth in turnover rent may slow somewhat. Yet compared to the benefits we enjoy in a bear market as explained above, we still welcome it.
Looking ahead, it seems reasonable to expect that the returns achieved in Shanghai over the past eight to nine years can be repeated in our new projects in other cities. This conclusion is based on 
First, we have yet to buy land as expensive as Plaza 66 in Shanghai.
There is a common misunderstanding among the investment public that the successes of our two Shanghai projects are due to our early entrance into the mainland and hence our buying land cheaply.
The fact is that a good number of Hong Kong developers jumped in before us. It is just that few have made as much money as we. It is not because they were too early, for many local mainland developers in the same period made out like bandits. Rather, the reason is the same as to why they are not so profitable today. Namely, they did not and still do not have a clearly defined strategy that makes sense.
The opportunistic approach they have practiced in small Hong Kong will not work on the much bigger mainland market. The system there is also very different from here. Unless one is willing to learn over time how to execute properly, he or she will not be successful there.
The land prices we paid for The Grand Gateway and Plaza 66 in 1992 and 1993 respectively were frankly not cheap. The fact that we are now able to generate over 20% unleveraged annual return on investment speaks to the strong market as well as our seasoned expertise. It also tells us that the potential of the mainland market is great.
Lower land prices compared to the two Shanghai developments are but one reason why the new projects should do well. It is very possible that by the time the latter are ready for leasing in the coming few years, the local consumer markets will be stronger than Shanghai was nine years ago when we opened our first shopping center. Back then, many of the world-class fashion brands were new to Shanghai. Since then they have opened numerous stores all over China and certainly in all the cities where we are presently building. Merrill Lynch estimates that by 2014, China will account for a quarter of all global sales of luxury brands. Thanks to a decade of exceptionally rapid accumulation of wealth, the country has in the past few years entered into a fast growth period for such goods.
But beyond high fashion products, other consumer items likely to find their way to our malls are experiencing strong increases in sales.
Our many new malls will come just in time to capture those markets.
As mentioned already, at present many of the international brands are already in the cities where we have projects. However, there are hardly any first-class shopping centers of size for them. As a result, they are for the most part scattered all over town, in stand alone stores in hotel lobbies for example. Our well located and sizeable world-class malls will become the aggregator of such brands.
Many of them are already our tenants in Shanghai and we have in the past few years been in discussions with them regarding our coming developments. The majority of them have expressed strong intent to go with us everywhere because they have confidence in our buildings and in our management. They know that whatever we build will be landmarks in the respective cities.
Back in Hong Kong, the residential market remains highly bifurcated.
Whereas mass residential units have yet to see prices reaching the heights of 1997, luxury apartments have exceeded the prices from a decade ago by several fold. Foreseeing this in 1999 and 2000, we only bought land for the latter category. The 2,000 remaining unsold units in our inventory are all superbly located. I expect that they will outperform their lower unit price cousins.
Some of our shareholders wonder why we are not buying land in Hong Kong. I can assure you that we will, but only when the market is really weak. For now, the government is not keen to sell land, thus making way for local railway company MTRC to first part with theirs.
Real estate helps the latter stay in the black and remain financially independent from the government. The MTRC after obtaining land from the government at a discount to the market price will joint venture with private developers like us and split the profits. After operating in that model for about three decades, they well know how to squeeze their partners. Whereas in the 1970 s and 1980 s we were among the biggest if not the biggest joint venture partner of theirs, with few exceptions we have stopped doing that. The lack of other local opportunities has sent developers in that direction, but competition has made those transactions unattractive. The private developer assumes all the risks while giving up the lion s share of profit to MTRC. In other words, one is asked to take on a developer's risk while getting a contractor's return.
Beyond that, the consumption of capital is another reason for our not playing that game. We have much better places to deploy our money--on the mainland. The opportunity cost of not concentrating on that much bigger and highly lucrative market is something we 
Moreover, the Hong Kong residential market is not growing. In fact it has been shrinking. Last year barely 10,000 new apartments were completed and sold, compared to about 23,000 annual units a decade ago (In the past year or so, the secondary market has been very active but that does not benefit developers). The reason for the shrinkage was extensively analyzed in my letter to Hang Lung Group shareholders last year so I will not repeat it here. Suffice to say that the phenomenon has been exacerbated in recent years. Whether it will continue is however not as clear. But even if volume picks up one day, the market is still very small compared to opportunities on the mainland. Furthermore, there are a dozen or more well capitalized developers fighting for each project which further squeezes margins.
Your management deems it a much better usage of our time and resources laboring in the vast and almost unlimited market north of us.
Opportunities for sizeable commercial developments in Hong Kong are extraordinarily rare. There are also very few chances to buy at reasonable prices large existing class A office buildings.
One exception was Standard Chartered Bank Building in Central which we bought, but that was over 15 years ago.
Because of the small size of Hong Kong, big plots of land for new commercial projects are very limited. Looking back almost 40 years, there were usually only one or two major opportunities each decade.
In the 1970 s, there was the Connaught Center (now called Jardine House) and Admiralty Center. In the 1980 s we had Exchange Square.
The 1990 s saw the completion of Pacific Place and Festival Walk.
In the new millennium, we have IFC and the soon to be completed ICC. It is interesting to observe that there was a clear changing of the guards from decade to decade. In the 1970 s it was Hongkong Land and Cheung Kong. The former was active into the 1980's then stopped. The 1990 s belonged to Swire Properties while in the present Sun Hung Kai Properties reigns.
The million dollar question is: what about the next decade and where will be the opportunities? The answer seems obvious enough mainland China and whoever has expertise therein. There may yet be opportunities in Hong Kong but I believe that they will pale before mainland projects in terms of scale.
So we will continue to maximize profit from selling residential units in Hong Kong and pour the money earned into the mainland. Just like last October, good selling opportunities will come periodically and we will as before try to catch them. We are in no great hurry to sell and see no reason to short change ourselves. Hong Kong s economy is expected to quietly move along. This means that property prices will not collapse. On the supply side, we do not own a single inch in areas such as the New Territories where profit margin is usually low.
All of our units for sale are in highly desirable districts and mostly have a seaview. On the demand side, given Hong Kong s low tax rate, rule of law and desirable life style, there will always be buyers of quality apartments. The convergence of supply and demand should bring us further handsome profits, and the mainland projects into which the money will go should ensure our longer term success.
Finally, our rental operations in both Hong Kong and Shanghai should perform acceptably in this fiscal year. While there are some clouds on the economic horizons in both China and the U.S., their impact on our business is however expected to be manageable.
Ronnie C. Chan 
