Chairman s Statement " Net profit attributable to shareholders grew 48.3% to HK$6,845.4 million.
" Embarking on an ambitious strategy to become a leading shopping center developer and owner in China.
TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS Results and Dividend Starting this year, new accounting standards dictate that revaluation surpluses or deficits of investment properties together with related deferred taxes, if applicable, must be recognized in the income statement. These are non-cash items. In the past, the former goes into a reserve account on the balance sheet so there is no issue with the latter. Given these changes, last year s accounts are restated accordingly so comparisons with latest results are meaningful.
Turnover for the fiscal year ending 30 June 2005 rose 53.4% to HK$6,955.3 million while net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders grew 48.3% to HK$6,845.4 million.
Earnings per ordinary share was 194.8 cents, representing an increase of 27.2% over the year before. When excluding the revaluation gain and its deferred tax, the underlying net profit advanced by 23.4% from HK$2,065.0 million to HK$2,548.6 million and the earnings per ordinary share by 5.8% to 72.5 cents.
The Board recommends a final dividend of 37 cents per ordinary share which is 12.1% higher than last year. If approved, total dividends for the full year will be 50 cents per ordinary share, representing an increase of 13.6% from that of the year before.

One effect of the new accounting standards is that there may be big swings in the reported profit from year to year. Since your Company has a significant amount of rental properties, the consequences can be stark. For this reason, results from the underlying business operations will also be presented.

The past year is a watershed in the history of the Company.
The purchase of a huge piece of land in Tianjin in January signaled the beginning of phase two of our mainland investments. It also moves us closer to becoming a leading shopping center developer and owner in China.
Soon after taking over the chairmanship of your board of directors in January 1991, I sold off all assets outside of Hong Kong, namely North America, Southeast Asia and Australia, and concentrated on our home city. Towards the end of 1992, we bought our first piece of land on the mainland. In the ensuing twelve years, we concentrated on one city alone Shanghai and built up a valuable investment portfolio. In the year under review, it accounted for almost one quarter of total rental profits. (Since development gains in Hong Kong were strong, Shanghai only accounted for some 12% of total profit.) Whereas I had stated publicly that the Company would from now on look for projects in both Hong Kong and the mainland, it was also undeniable that about two years ago, management became increasingly convinced that we must strengthen our capability on the mainland. A strategic decision was made that while concentrating so far on Shanghai alone was the right course to take, it was time to look beyond. There are two factors in our considerations a push factor and a pull factor.
First, the push factor has two aspects relating respectively to Hong Kong and Shanghai. There is little doubt that these two cities will for decades to come remain two of the three most dynamic metropolises in China, with the other being Beijing.
In Hong Kong, we are fortunate to be among the ten or twelve biggest real estate companies. In terms of both market capitalization and profitability, we rank around number three among the pure property counters. According to a study done by a leading U.S. investment bank late last year, we should retain first place in profit margins for development projects for at least a few more years to come.
However, the fact remains that Hong Kong is a matured economy and will in no way grow as fast as major cities on the mainland. Fierce competition here will ensure that profit margins will at best be moderate in the next few years unless a huge bear market like that of 1998-2003 reoccurs.
That possibility, in our estimation, is not high. Moreover, opportunities are limited. Hong Kong is but one city, albeit with high unit property prices, and land resources are fought over aggressively by many well capitalized companies like us.
We have no intention whatsoever to give up Hong Kong.
Most people do not learn from history, and good buying opportunities will come once a bear market returns. We will be ready as we were in 1999-2000 to pounce on them. During those two years, we bought land that would likely produce profits of over $10 billion. Fortunately or unfortunately, present market conditions do not seem to offer similar opportunities in the next two to three years.
Then why not invest more in Shanghai, a dynamic market that we already know well? First, we are in the process of constructing approximately 81,400 square meters of top quality offices. Add that to the 231,800 square meters of existing space and we will have a portfolio of about 313,200 square meters in two highly valued commercial projects. Their locations can hardly be surpassed and their quality of design and construction are almost unmatched. They command some of the highest rents in both offices and shopping malls.
Some may think that we are worried about prices peaking in Shanghai. That is not our primary concern. Who knows what prices will be in a few years if we were to buy land today and build. Even if cyclically prices were to peak soon, looking eight to ten years down the road and beyond, I am confident that today s high prices will look cheap at that time. There are, however, other considerations which concern us.
Although Shanghai is among the best regulated cities on the mainland, municipal leaders often balk at enforcing existing rules. I can sympathize with them. Shanghainese men and women are very sharp and are always ready to take advantage of opportunities for their own economic benefit.
Take for example the relocation of existing residents to clear the land. There are always families who refuse to accept the officially set compensations and cause pain to both the government and the developer. Not wanting any social disturbances, the easiest way for officials to placate them is to ask the developer to pay more than the pre-agreed sum. Afterall, time is money to a businessman. However, such actions have emboldened other citizens to follow suit.
Together with a number of other similar problems, clearing land becomes prohibitively expensive if not impossible.
A year or two ago, a friendly developer invited us to joint venture with him on an excellently located project. With these and other considerations in mind, we declined. It was good that we did, for we recently heard that after paying hundreds of millions of dollars, he still did not have a vacant site. He was considering to forgo the money already paid and to walk away. This is by no means an isolated case.
This does not mean that we will give up Shanghai for good.
Social phenomena like these tend to move in cycles and circumstances may change in a few years. I look forward to the day when we can once again buy vacant land in that wonderful city, recognizing of course that big and well located sites are becoming increasingly rare.
Given the above factors, both Hong Kong and Shanghai seem to be pushing us to look beyond.
There is a powerful pull factor from many Chinese cities.
The benefits of continued economic reforms are gradually being felt outside of traditionally prosperous cities like Shanghai, Beijing, Guangzhou and Shenzhen. Many other municipalities with populations over four or five million are poised for economic take-off. Buying land now which is still relatively inexpensive and constructing for the next four years may well bring us to the point where these cities are booming.
That prospect is rather enticing to management, especially since we have already gained relevant experiences in Shanghai.
Commercial opportunities in China are drawing the attention of the world, and I do not see why developers like us in Hong Kong should not take advantage of them.
Our focus will be on shopping centers to capitalize on growing consumer spending. Not every major city is a good market for high-rise offices, although when appropriate, we will not hesitate to build them. The same is true for high- end residential apartments and hotels in which we also have considerable experiences. Most of our properties will be for long term hold so we must develop products that are competitive in the long run. (That of course does not mean that we will never sell. When conditions are propitious, we will part with properties as our parent company has done in Shanghai with one of the two office towers at The Grand 
We will invest in at least ten major population centers that have strong purchasing power. In each city, we will identify the biggest piece of land in the best of locations with the lowest possible plot ratio. The combination of these factors, together with world-class design, superior construction, and experienced operational management, should give our developments a good chance of maintaining a leadership position in each place.
There are usually only a few good locations in each city, so we must act now and act fast. In fact, our stringent site selection criteria almost invariably demand that we work closely with local officials to identify, or more likely, assemble plots. From the decision to invest in a city to the time we take possession of the land usually requires one to two years. This highly complicated process demands many skill sets which scares off most domestic and outside developers. However, our experiences of the past two years have shown that it can be done. It is hard work but management believes that the rewards can be very attractive.
Given this strategy and as few auctioned plots meet our minimum criteria, buying vacant land at government auctions is an unlikely alternative. Developing commercial space, especially shopping centers, requires the strictest discipline in site selection which must be considered in conjunction with the design of the superstructure and future operations.
For similar reasons, buying existing buildings is also not our preference. I can hardly think of one completed development in the country that meets our standard. However, we are not religious about this. If cheap enough, we may purchase built out projects which are less than ideal. Ultimately, it is the return on investment that counts, although the long term competitiveness of our portfolio is also extremely important 
As in Shanghai, we will engage world-class architects to design visually attractive and even spectacular buildings. We will also engage first rate designers for the interior layout. Since these professionals are more often than not foreigners, we will make use of their expertise but will also add our own local knowledge. Afterall, we have better in-depth understanding of local market conditions. The formula has worked well for us in Shanghai and should work elsewhere in China.
With all this in mind, we started over two years ago to research thirty some major mainland cities, almost all of them having a minimum population of four to five million. In that period, there was hardly a week that went by when our staff were not visiting one or more cities. We need to buy three to four big pieces of land annually from 2005 to 2007 in order to build at least ten more large complexes outside of Shanghai.
This is a daunting target that I have set for my team.
Financially we are well prepared for this strategic initiative.
Ten such shopping centers costing say between $2 to $2.5 billion each will require $20 to $25 billion total. Our cash inflow from Hong Kong development projects alone in the coming four years should more than cover the entire amount.
Moreover, because the Company is very low geared, we have tremendous debt capacity that will enable us to pay dividend, take on new developments in Hong Kong, and if appropriate, do even more projects on the mainland. The fact that the expected cash inflow should arrive before outflows, will put us in an even more enviable financial position.
After much hard work, in January this year we landed our first project in Tianjin, a metropolis of over 10 million people. It is only one of four cities in the country that enjoys the status of a province and reports directly to the Central Government.
The two other cities in which we have identified the very best sites are close to fruition. They should come through before the year is over, thus meeting the minimum target that I have set for management. We are already working on the three or four cities for 2006.
Critical to the success of this strategy is human resources. In the past year, we have hired experienced teams for Tianjin and for one other city. The process is ongoing and we should have a third team ready soon. By the middle of next year, the expansion of The Grand Gateway in Shanghai belonging to our parent company Hang Lung Group Limited should be completed. That will free up some seasoned staff. By the beginning of 2007, the second office block at Plaza 66, also in Shanghai, will be finished and the manpower there can be deployed elsewhere as well. Our experience is that many qualified professionals are happy to work for a company like us.

Another major event of the past fiscal year placement of 370 million shares last November at $12 per share yielding cash of about $4.4 billion bears some comments. The first question often asked by investors and potential investors is: why do you do it when you are expecting a huge cash flow and have plenty of borrowing capacity? Afterall, loans are cheap these days given relatively low interest rates. The answer is simple: company size matters greatly in a capital intensive industry 
For the past decade and more, our track record for equity raising exercises convertible preference shares in 1993, warrants due in 1995, share placement in 1996, convertible bonds in 2002 and again share placement in 2004 has shown that we have put the money to good use each time and have greatly enhanced shareholders value. In each case, those suspicious at first have been converted to supporters within a relatively short period. I am confident that this time it will be the same.
The history of Hong Kong s property cycles shows that great land acquisition opportunities occur in distinct spurts. They may only come once every five to six years as in 1986-1988, 1992-1994 and 1999-2000. When they arrive, developers are usually given little chance to raise equity at desirable prices.
Consequently, one has to be financially prepared at each land purchasing opportunity and one must take advantage of every equity raising opportunity. Loans can of course be employed, but given severe property price volatility which has been the norm, their risks are high. Remember the serious downturns of 1983-1985, 1991-1992 and 1998-2003. Each time a number of developers bankrupted and they were invariably heavily laden with debts.
Moreover, equity can only be satisfactorily raised when the international capital market cooperates. That too is sporadic and unpredictable, thus strengthening our belief that we must catch every opportunity. So far our timing has been excellent. Since the Company came under my watch in 1991, we had taken almost every opportunity to raise equity and to subsequently buy land to great profits.
There are two other important reasons for raising equity. First, Hong Kong land transactions have become very expensive over the past decade. Since 1997, there were fourteen major deals with prices ranging from $2.43 billion to $11.82 billion.
Raising three or four billion dollars every few years will only allow us to keep up with the market. In other words, company size is critical to our long term survival.
Second, opportunities in mainland China are humongous and exciting. Prices are still relatively low but will not remain so for long because the economies in many cities are taking off. This is a once in a lifetime chance, and we must seize it. How much we can grow is only limited by our resolve and our finances.
We are not lacking in either. Always being careful in the latter, we prefer to use equity money supplemented with debt and not vice versa. Afterall, we must be vigilant about risks such as economic downturns and other mishaps. In a big and fast developing country like China, those happenings usually have serious ramifications. We do not want to forget about defensive measures even as we go all out to secure new projects.
Nevertheless, recognizing the need for a more balanced and reasonable capital structure, we signed in June 2005 an $8 billion syndicated loan which is partly for five years and partly for seven years. It was the single biggest borrowing we have ever done.

Although the Asian Financial Crisis more or less ended in 2002, Hong Kong s real estate market did not see a strong and sustainable recovery until the beginning of 2004. Unlike most local developers, we refused to sell completed apartments until then, just as residential prices began to climb. Although the market has since gone through adjustments, we have been able to sell our products at increasingly higher prices. For example, the average price achieved at The HarbourSide during the current fiscal year was about $12,900 per square foot which was 34% higher than those sold in the first half of 2004.
Carmel-on-the-Hill was basically sold out at an average price of approximately $5,100 per square foot. The penthouse duplexes went for nearly $10,000 per square foot. Almost half of all units at AquaMarine were sold at an average price of about $4,600 per square foot. The remaining two blocks which have better views will likely go on the market towards the end of this year or early next year. The Long Beach with 1,829 flats should receive the Certificate of Compliance by the end of this year. With an impending shortage of supply, we will not be in a hurry to sell.
Hong Kong s rental market has recovered strongly. Office and retail rents have both picked up and we are beneficiaries.
Last year our total rental profit grew by 13%, and overall occupancy stood at 94%, a slight improvement from the year before. As expected, shopping areas frequented by mainland tourists did better and centrally located offices outperformed outlying ones. Our Shanghai investment properties were basically fully let, and profit grew by over 20%.

With hopefully three new mainland projects (including Tianjin) tied down before year-end, the Company can then be considered as a China play with two foci Hong Kong and the mainland. Management is sanguine about the former and excited about the latter. The world has discovered mainland China and so have we. Afterall, we are the closest geographically and culturally. With our twelve years of successful operations, it is only reasonable that we should take advantage of present opportunities. In the long run, real estate prices everywhere follow economic development. With mainland China expecting to grow at 7% to 9% annually in the coming decade, prospects there for our industry should be better than almost anywhere including Hong Kong.
Skeptics say that not many foreign companies make money in China, and few Hong Kong developers fare better. There are certain truths to both statements, but it is also correct that like us, a good number of non-mainland firms are quietly raking in decent profits and are sending funds home regularly with little hassle. Whether one makes money in China depends largely on the industry and on the ability of management to properly understand and navigate the local system. I believe and our past experience attests that real estate development can be rather lucrative.
Besides local know-how, another critical success factor for our industry is company strategy, something seldom mentioned by developers and investment analysts alike. So far I have failed to discern the strategies of major Hong Kong developers in the mainland. They should exist but are not easily identifiable. On the other hand, Hang Lung s plans are very clear and deliberate from day one and are distinct from all our competitors. In the past twelve or thirteen years, for example, we only built huge, world-class commercial projects in one city alone Shanghai.
Many of our fellow Hong Kong developers are constructing residential units for sale on the mainland. The only way they can make money is to acquire land inexpensively and hope for the market to soar. If not, taxes will eat up much of the profit. It seems hard to imagine that we as outsiders can buy land cheaper than the locals who have avenues which we will never know.
Moreover, local players can build much cheaper than we can cheap in terms of both dollar amount and quality. So where is our competitive advantage? As to luxury apartments and houses, the market is usually small except in a handful of cities such as Beijing and Shanghai. As such, I expect our mainland rental portfolio to comprise predominantly commercial space. This is not unlike our business in Hong Kong.
On local management, perhaps one word should be said.
Many businessmen from the outside think that mainland China is not a well regulated place and so they think they can be lax in following rules and regulations in their dealings with various parties, including the government. Almost invariably such an attitude and approach will get them into very messy situations. Our own experiences confirm this point. Because of the very fact that the country is not well regulated, it is imperative that we be self-disciplined and cautious. Moreover, China everywhere is fast changing for the better and we do not want to have our actions, perhaps acceptable at the time under a gray legal environment, to come back and haunt us later under newer and tighter rules.
What is the worse case scenario for our strategy? China goes into prolonged economic turmoil. While management does not foresee that any time soon, it remains a possibility.
Because your Company hardly has debt and expects over $25 billion cash inflow from Hong Kong development projects alone in the coming three years, we will buckle down and ride out the storm. When circumstances justify, we may even buy more. Our history shows that the Company and its stocks both perform superbly in bear markets.
(Allow me to state an observation at this juncture. Many journalists in Hong Kong keep asking the question: how much land bank does each local developer have? What they mean is: how much do we have in Hong Kong, implying that land on the mainland is not valuable and should not be counted. Indeed, land over the border is plentiful and a good number of Hong Kong developers have bought many huge but mediocre plots. Their financial losses should not insinuate that real estate development is not a good business in China.
Careful site selection can yield plots that are highly desirable both in the short and in the long term. It is high time that we view the property business just like any other industry, namely, with the mainland border being increasingly blurred.) Our existing businesses should trade well in the coming few years. The rise in mortgage rates is expected to be mild and should not have serious effects on property sales. In Hong Kong we will continue the harvest and sell completed flats with the goal of maximizing profit. Take The HarbourSide for example. We only have 300 or so of the harbor facing units remaining so why should we sell so quickly as long as the market is steady. Prices of such unique products will rise more in bull markets and fall less during downturns. We will take advantage of each wave and sell as we deem prudent. The higher the prices of the front units, the easier it will be to part with city facing ones at the back on better terms for us.
Hong Kong s rental market is expected to firm even further in the coming year. That should translate to higher profits for us.
Shanghai should once again perform satisfactorily although the big rise in rent will only come when the second office tower at Plaza 66 is completed in early 2007.
Well before we finish selling existing Hong Kong development projects, our first three or four new mainland complexes should be ready for rental. Any office and residential unit that are part of them can be sold. It is also possible that we may use capital markets to monetize our mainland China business. All said, our future, barring unforeseen circumstances, should be 
Before closing, I want to say a word about our stock performance. Throughout the 1990 s, we underperformed our competitors because the market was skeptical about our then strategy. Starting mid 2000, they began to realize the facts and our shares started to outperform significantly.
Now we are embarking on another strategy, namely, simultaneously entering many mainland cities with force and in a deliberate fashion as outlined above. As before, our strategy is different from that of all of our competitors, and the market, once again, is not prepared for it. We will double efforts to communicate with the investment public, especially in the West. Management is confident that like the last time, the market will soon recognize the appropriateness of our latest initiative. As long as we execute it well, much value will be created for shareholders in the coming years. Consequently, it seems reasonable that our stocks should perform well.
In the past fiscal year, the Company s underlying profit rose by twenty some percent. It is hard to imagine that any Hong Kong developer will be able to consistently achieve that level of growth in the coming few years. If anyone has a chance, we should be one of them. Since the stock market in the long run is quite efficient, I expect our price earnings ratio to expand.
Today is the last day that Mr. Wilfred Ho will remain in the company s employ. Instead of retiring completely, he has kindly agreed to stay on for twenty months as a consultant to oversee the completion of our two Shanghai projects. Wilfred joined Hang Lung from the government s architectural services back in 1977. During much of that time, he was our Project Director. A few years ago, he took on the added responsibility of managing our then budding Shanghai operation. We have all enjoyed working with him and look forward to many more years of friendship inside and outside of the Company. On behalf of the Board and of all our staff, I want to thank him for his many contributions over the past twenty-eight years.
By order of the Board, I am pleased to announce two additions to the Board of Directors. Trained as an architect, Mr. William Ko who joined the Company twelve years ago will become Executive Director-Projects in charge of all mainland projects outside of Shanghai. Of all the senior executives, he will have to travel the most, which has already been the case of late.
Fortunately his relative youthfulness (William is 46 years of age) will serve both him and the Company well. He will report to our Managing Director Mr. Nelson Yuen.
Ms. Estella Ng came to us two years ago from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange where she was in charge of listing.
An accountant by profession, Estella will be our Executive Director in charge of finance and will report to Mr. Terry Ng. While we have many female executives in the Company, Estella is the first to be elevated to the main Board.
Please join me in congratulating William and Estella. I am confident that their addition will further strengthen the Company. In particular, they will help Nelson, Terry and me execute the new strategy which I have outlined above.
Ronnie C. Chan 
