CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS RESULTS AND DIVIDEND As shareholders know, in 2011 we changed our fiscal year end to coincide with calendar year end. For good corporate governance and a more meaningful comparison of performance between 2011 and 2012, we requested KPMG to audit historic results covering the twelve months of 2011. Comparing the two calendar years, turnover increased 29% to HK$7,372 million, net profit attributable to shareholders leaped 72% to HK$8,395 million, and earnings per share similarly to HK$1.88.
When excluding all effects of revaluation gain, the underlying net profit attributable to shareholders rose 98% to HK$6,178 million. Underlying earnings per share jumped 97% to HK$1.38.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.57 per share. If approved by shareholders, total dividends per share for the year ended December 31, 2012 will be HK$0.74. For the six-month period from July 1 to December 31, 2011, we paid HK$0.36 per share.

From the perspective of our business, global economic conditions have not changed substantially in the past six months. Europe remains in the doldrums and America s recovery, while progressing, is still somewhat tenuous. China s growth rate has moderated from the high 9-10% per annum and it is difficult to predict if and when it will pick up.
Nevertheless we took advantage of opportunities to part with several mature, non-core investment properties in Hong Kong. Together with the sales of completed apartments and increase in rental income, we produced turnover and net profit attributable to shareholders which were much higher than those of a year ago.
None of these should be surprising to our shareholders, as we have for some time been waiting for an auspicious moment to sell.
Moreover, I had repeatedly pointed out that semi-annual revaluations of our rental portfolio were rather conservative. Latest transactions have proven those words correct we achieved a surplus of sales proceeds over valuation of 74%. Buildings sold accounted for about 11% of our Hong Kong rents. These efforts have had the effect of enhancing the average quality of our investment portfolio.
In the coming year, such activities will slow down considerably if not altogether. We have all intentions to keep the better investment properties in our fold in the long haul.
Sales of 108 apartments of The Long Beach achieved a profit margin of 63% while that of 9 units of The HarbourSide was 73%. Both are historic highs. As mentioned before, we are more than happy to sell a lot more flats at similar price levels. The market however will have 
Mainland China s retail business remained weak. As the year progressed, it had gotten worse. Deceleration in sales growth of luxury goods in which we are strong far exceeded that of general 
Tough conditions notwithstanding, there are areas for optimism.
For example, retail sales at Grand Gateway 66 increased due to the introduction of higher price point brands. For the first six months of 2012, rents at the Plaza 66 shopping center barely eked out a 2% rise. However, the full-year number was up 4% implying that rental growth for the second half was about 6%. The reopening of three major tenants after shop refurbishment and enlargement was just one reason. The fact that many top global fashion brands have expanded their operations further confirms the vibrancy of that mall.
Total retail rents received on the Mainland rose by 24%. Taking out the two newer properties with less than two full years of operations, the increase was 8%. When offices were added in, the year-on-year growth in overall rental turnover was 18%.
In all projects and in almost all product types, rental margins have improved. The most marked change came in Shenyang Palace 66 which more than doubled from 12% to 27%, and in Jinan Parc 66 from 34% to 51%. Being newer facilities, such an outcome is to be expected, and numbers will likely get even better.
With the exception of Palace 66, occupancy everywhere approached 100%. In this first mall of ours outside Shanghai, surrounding road works stopped only for a short period at the beginning of the year, but digging soon resumed and had continued for the rest of the year.
We took advantage of this slow period to revamp tenant mix as I had previously written. The process is almost complete and we should achieve 95-96% occupancy later this year. Like all our other properties, unit rents have been rising.
In terms of unleveraged gross rental yield on investment cost, the two Shanghai properties have reached approximately 40%. Shenyang Palace 66, after almost 2.5 years of operations, stayed at 5%, a level achieved in the first year of our two Shanghai properties over a decade ago. The primary reason for the underperformance is no doubt the aforementioned road works which has been ongoing for the better part of the past two years.
The picture in our other new facilities was far more positive. Sixteen months after inauguration, Jinan Parc 66 has achieved an unleveraged gross rental yield of 8%. This is slightly ahead of our corresponding experience in Shanghai. Shenyang Forum 66 was even more encouraging. Barely three months old, the projected full year is about 10%. In Shanghai, only in the fourth year did we see this figure! In Hong Kong, all segments in our investment portfolio performed satisfactorily. Retail did the best where rental turnover advanced by 11%, while those for offices rose by 7% and for other miscellaneous buildings 2%. On the surface, total rents received grew only 3%, but comparing like with like by taking out discontinued properties, rent actually increased by 9%. With the exception of serviced apartments, all space is basically fully let.
Putting Mainland and Hong Kong together, we collected 10% more rent while operating profit advanced by 11%. Mainland now accounts for 50.5% of total rental turnover and 48.4% of operating rental profits.
The corresponding Hong Kong numbers were thus 49.5% and 51.6%.
In the past year, we saw the departure of two executive directors. We must always do the right thing as enshrined in the tagline adopted early last year. I firmly believe that the Company is today a better and stronger one. The two vacancies were immediately filled by former deputies to the two positions whom we have groomed for some time. Needless to say, we will continue to build out our senior management team.

There is a common misunderstanding regarding Mainland China s shopping center business which warrants some discussion. It is often said that competition is extremely keen and the increasingly crowded market will be troublesome. Even the most sophisticated institutional investors succumb to this mantra which is fundamentally flawed. It shows a lack of understanding of the market as well as 
Consider the fact that perhaps 95% of all shopping centers of reasonable size are strata-titled. Mainly due to financial weakness, almost all developers must cut up a mall into bite-size shops and sell them off piecemeal, sometimes before building completion.
Management of such facilities becomes difficult and quality of the facility inevitably deteriorates. No one can control what goods will be sold in the neighbor s space and degeneration happens almost the day the development opens. This is not to mention the fact that more often than not, the project is poorly designed, hastily constructed and in mediocre locations.
To regard such properties as competitors of well-designed shopping centers in top locations with a single owner is frankly ridiculous. While new, the former may for a period affect the pricing power of proper malls, but the effect will not and cannot last.
In the whole Mainland market, there are probably not more than half a dozen players who have the financial wherewithal to not condominiumize the malls. The majority of them are from Hong Kong, and those from the Mainland are understandably all state-owned enterprises. Frankly, hardly any non-government linked developer has had the time to build up sufficient financial strength, not to mention the necessary experience, to become proper commercial developers.
And given the enormity of the Mainland market, what are half a dozen developers?! This was why in the past few years, we had only encountered one or two competitors when bidding for sites.
Moreover, besides the lack of expertise in designing retail complexes on the part of most Mainland developers, there is also the propensity to construct all too hastily. City officials as sellers of the land often want to see buildings completed in a very short period of time. The existence of numerous skyscrapers and humongous malls in their cities somehow becomes a proof of modernity and hence the officials competency, which may in turn lead to their future career promotions.
Recognizing this mindset of the government, developers gladly oblige and promise to open malls in say 18 months from the time of land acquisitions. As anyone experienced in the design process knows, for large and otherwise complicated projects, that time period is barely sufficient to arrive at a reasonably optimal design, let alone to complete construction! No wonder the end products are suboptimal if not outright horrendous. Even if such properties are not strata-titled, they can hardly be considered as competitors.
There is also a general misunderstanding of industry dynamics. Malls are not commodities which are fungible; they are highly differentiated assets. Not only is the market highly tiered or segmented luxury centers with the likes of Chanel and Louis Vuitton do not compete with mass facilities with say a Walmart it is also location specific. Once a well situated, well designed and well constructed shopping center is built and succeeds in attracting the right clientele, it tends to retain customers. Loyalty is obviously not as strong as seen in high fashion brands but a good measure of it does exist.
In other words, once a shopping center is successfully established, it will not be easy for newcomers to dislodge it. That of course assumes that the leader is vigilant and continuously upgrades and changes according to the latest consumer trends. Such is our challenge in Shanghai and soon also elsewhere.
As I have written several years ago, the result of all that is the bifurcation of market participants there will be clear winners and losers. On the Mainland, there will be far more of the latter than the former. We have seen it happen in first tier metropolises like Shanghai, and the same is emerging in tier-two cities. Our goal for each and every property of ours is to be among the very few winners in each city in fact to be the best for such will take the lion s share of consumer dollars. Higher unit rents will then follow.
Given the above, the conclusion can only be that the market for commercial real estate in Mainland China is wide open. It is far from 
A second issue that I would like to address relates to our relationship with Chinese government officials. Recently a few institutional investors have asked me about it and here is our position on this important aspect of doing business on the Mainland.
It is said that the now globally famous Chinese phrase Guanxi or relationship is paramount to business success on the Mainland. There is certain truth to it, but I submit that the same is true for anyone wanting to do business in Brooklyn or the Bronx in New York City, in Chicago or almost anywhere else. But since it is probably correct that corruption is more prevalent in developing China than in the developed West, so much the more we have to use Guanxi cautiously and judiciously.
Our basic premise everywhere is that unless there is an actual legitimate need, we do not approach government officials. This is true for us in Hong Kong and especially true on the Mainland. We do not unnecessarily befriend local leaders or those in Beijing. We never give gifts except inexpensive ones. One example is that we designed a chess board with chess pieces bearing either the Chinese character for Hang or Lung both being auspicious words in that language.
Made locally in China, the value is not much more than a few hundred Hong Kong dollars. Nor do we entertain officials at expensive places; we always do what is proper and reasonable. We do not only abhor evil but also avoid the appearance of evil.
Fortunately, being a sizable company of repute, doors that we need to open are always open to us. In the past 20 years on the Mainland, we have never once failed to reach a city or provincial official whom we need to reach. Having established our reputation of being a straight shooter, corrupt officials probably know better than to ask us for favors.
One interesting case happened about 20 years ago when I was asked to approach a senior government official who supposedly could help us in a land transaction. The one meeting so arranged did not leave me with a comfortable feeling. That, together with other reasons, caused us to give up that excellent city. Later the person I met was arrested and imprisoned for corruption, so my instinct was correct. We have not been successful there ever since, but at no time would we yield on ethical principles just for a good deal. That to us is not a good deal at all for it will leave us vulnerable and, conscience-wise, compromised.
Our standard of ethics goes beyond mere avoidance of corruption. At times Chinese officials would ask businessmen like us to sign MOU (memorandum of understanding) for transactions which they have no intention to proceed forward. Such signed documents are only meant to make those government leaders look good before their superiors.
We always refuse to sign unless we have genuine interest in the actual project. It is not so much because we do not like the risk in case the government changes its mind and try to consummate the deal, but because of the inherent hypocrisy. As a result, we have probably lost a few friends but frankly those friends are not the kind we want.
In one particular case, I might have been personally ostracized by certain leaders but I am willing to pay the price to maintain a high standard of ethics.
I trust that my shareholders are on my side on this point. If not, please sell Hang Lung shares, for we will not change.
That said, neither are we foolish. Through developing iconic projects such as the two in Shanghai and through a number of meaningful and even unique community services on the Mainland, we are known to many top leaders of the country and of the provinces. All these have earned us the respect of local officials and have opened many doors for us.
What we practice on the Mainland is in principle no different from what we have always done in Hong Kong. For example, we must be one of the very few companies if not the only one in our industry which have a stated policy of not hiring former senior government officials. We do not object to others doing this as long as the process is legal and transparent. But for us, it is simply in our Company genes to uphold a 
For many years I have believed that we have one of the best corporate governance in the industry. For example, it is hard to find a company that has independent non-executive directors which are as active and as independent as Hang Lung s. They probably exercise more power than most if not all their peers. Few firms are as transparent as we are not only in terms of financial disclosures but also our strategy and management thinking. This is why I personally pen all chairman s letters to shareholders, most of which of the past decade are far longer than this present writing.
Yet we are deeply aware of our need to improve further. As management transits from strategy-focused to operationally-intensive, challenges abound. Working on the Mainland, especially for the lower echelon of the Company, is fraught with pitfalls. We need to strengthen our systems and build an even stronger culture of ethics at all levels of the organization. That we have begun and will continue. We will always strive to live up to the tagline adopted by management early last year and which I communicated to shareholders six months ago, namely We Do It Right! . We consider this as a strategically significant competitive advantage which must be further enhanced.

Chinese government statistics show that annual growth in retail sales of consumer goods has slowed to 14.3% in 2012. The year before, it was 17.1%. The second half of last year saw further deterioration. A better approximation to our mall business however is the luxury sector.
According to a December 2012 report by a reputable international consulting firm, growth has decelerated from 30% a year ago to an estimated 7% for 2012. The picture seems clear: reversal of the slow down has yet to happen.
Nevertheless, there are two economic phenomena which cause one to wonder if the worst might be behind us. First, the stock market, a leading indicator for the economy, has been rising in the past few months, after languishing for quite a long time. Secondly, residential prices and transaction volume which went nowhere for almost a year have exploded during the last quarter of 2012. The wealth effect created therefrom may help reverse the slowing retail sales. Moreover, one should be reminded that things can move very fast in China. Once sentiment changes, the speed may surprise many.
With the late November ground breaking of Kunming Spring City 66, all seven projects with land acquired since 2005 are now under construction or are already completed. Total cost is estimated to be approximately HK$70 billion, of which HK$30 billion have already been spent. The outstanding amount of HK$40 billion will likely be expensed over the next decade or so. In Hong Kong, as we sell off the remaining completed apartments valued today at over HK$25 billion, and having already parted with certain non-core assets, cash inflow will cover a good portion of the expected capital expenditures, leaving the Company still in a comfortable financial position. This means we can take on further projects whether they are on the Mainland or in Hong Kong as market conditions allow. As always, we will be patient and wait for an auspicious time to purchase. Nevertheless we should not try too hard to time the entry point, for no one is so smart as to know when the market will bottom.
About a decade ago I made a conscientious decision to articulate through this letter to shareholders our strategies and the thinking that led to them. The worry then was that others would imitate us, thus negating any competitive edge that we might have built. The advantage for writing however was that only by doing so would our share price have a chance of being properly reflected. At that time, our counter had had perhaps three decades of underperformance. Even all the correct decisions made in the 1990s went unnoticed.
Eventually what convinced us to open up was our assessment that even if we let the world know our strategy, it would not be easy for our competitors in the near future to gain the expertise needed. By the time they do and if they do we would have amassed one of the best land banks in economically vibrant cities that would assure us continued success. Once we have secured the best located plots, we will have acquired a commanding competitive advantage. After all, given financial constraints we can only play in a limited number of municipalities, and opportunities on the Mainland far exceed the resources of any company. There is plenty of room for many developers, and we should not run into each other too much.
Those decisions of ours led me to write some of the longest chairman s letters I have known, the record being in 20092010 with over 11,000 words. Each year, I covered one or more critical aspects of the Company that were not only pertinent at the time but would also affect our long term health. For management, it was a useful exercise because putting thoughts on paper forced us to think through market conditions and our strategic response. Of course we recognize that quality of information cannot be measured only by the length of writing. Nevertheless, we are gratified that many shareholders have expressed their appreciation for the clarity of thoughts, and our share price has had an almost ten-year run of out-performance compared to our peers. We turned from being ignored to a counter which is allow me to say respected.
As to the competitive landscape, a few Mainland players in commercial real estate have in the past decade improved somewhat, although in our assessment we still hold a considerable lead. Naturally what is of actual significance to us are only the cities in which we have developments. Fortunately, there we were able to purchase some of the best located land. As long as we build out those projects to our highest standards and provided that the Mainland market holds up, our future should be bright.
As mentioned previously, now the Company has entered a new phase of progress. For the coming years, while continuing to hunt for more land, we will increasingly concentrate on operations. As such, there will be less need to pen lengthy pieces to shareholders although I will not hesitate to revert to my old habit when necessary.
In mid 2009, I wrote that the 2010s should herald Hang Lung s golden era. We still hold strongly to that view. The reason is that all our efforts on the Mainland since 2005 are beginning to bear fruit. Years of land acquisitions and construction have paved way for world class commercial complexes to be erected and rented. As projects will be progressively opened over the years and it usually takes one to two rental cycles to stabilize a new facility especially a mall, the golden era will dawn upon us gradually over this decade. In other words, full harvest is ahead.
There is no denying that we are beginning to taste the fruits of our efforts. New developments are being successfully completed and overall rents have been rising. Rental margin has improved and rental yield is coming through. Better yet, much more can be expected. As long as we hold our course steady and diligently execute, we shall have a bountiful harvest.
In the more immediate term, our investment income from Hong Kong should perform satisfactorily. Rental growth rate should approximate that of the past year which is quite acceptable. On the Mainland, we are hopeful that retail sales will pick up and rents from all our facilities will rise somewhat. Operational efficiencies for the newer malls are anticipated to be further enhanced thus strengthening the bottom line.
This September we should see the inauguration of the 120,000 square meter mall at Wuxi Center 66. Leasing is progressing well and we expect full occupancy at opening. Contracted unit rent so far is rather 
Our first office building to be completed outside Shanghai, the first of two towers at Wuxi Center 66, will be handed over to tenants from the first quarter of next year. Pre-leasing has started and the signs 
For some time we had explored the possibility of first occupying the lower floors of the first office tower at Shenyang Forum 66 later this year. Such a phased completion of a skyscraper has never been done on the Mainland, and the practical and technical difficulties are not easily overcome. At the end, challenges and associated risks prove too plentiful for the city and for us to accept, and the idea was dropped. Now the entire building is slated to open in early 2015 as 
As explained earlier, we do not foresee much selling of Hong Kong non- core investment properties this year, but we are hopeful of parting with completed apartments. Subject to market conditions, our Blue Pool Road project in Happy Valley should be ready for release by the third quarter of this year. Although only 18 semi-detached houses of some 450 square meters each, unit price may be rather pleasing resulting in 
Overall results for 2013 will obviously depend on our ability to sell Hong Kong apartments which in turn will depend on market conditions. If we only look at rental income, there is reasonable anticipation that we will see some healthy increase.
Ronnie C. Chan 
