Strong leadership and 
combine to move Hang Lung ahead 
TO OUR S HAREHOLDERS For over a decade, I have personally penned the chairman s statements for each of the public companies in the Group. A number of them after the Asian crisis probably rank among the longest of all similar letters to shareholders for Hong Kong corporates. My reasons are twofold: first, this is one of the few occasions to directly communicate with shareholders, especially those who cannot attend our Annual General Meeting in person.
More significantly, I attempt, especially in the annual report of our parent company, Hang Lung Group, to present a critical analysis of the Hong Kong property market from the viewpoint of your management. It is gratifying to note that in recent times, both the investment community as well as the media have apparently taken the piece seriously.
Once public, it quickly finds its way into the local press. Now that all real estate activities are concentrated in this company, I will continue the tradition here.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2002, turnover decreased 5.5% to $2,383.2 million. Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders was $1,207 million, 12.8% lower than last year.
Earnings per ordinary share was 41.8 cents, representing a decrease of 12.7% over last year.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 29 cents per ordinary share and total dividends for the year would be 40 cents per ordinary share. Both are the same as last year.

Hong Kong s property market continues to languish in misery. Although transaction volume of new residential units has increased since July 2001, prices actually went down by another 10% or so. Cumulatively from July 1997, they have fallen by at least 60%. Worse yet, it is possible that prices may go down 
As everyone knows, in this business cash flow is more critical than profit. In severe bear markets like today, this drives developers to dump properties at prices that will move large number of units. The idea is to preempt competitors from soaking up remaining purchasing power. While this may solve the immediate problem of a developer, the effect on the market is extremely negative. It creates market expectations of further drops in prices, thus reinforcing the vicious circle. Of late, even major developers who are hitherto not willing to unnecessarily put pressure on prices, are engaging in this practice. They can hardly be faulted, for they must generate cash to preserve shareholders value just in case prices keep going south which they obviously 
At the same time, while cutting prices, developers are deploying all sorts of gimmicks to attract potential buyers. Nowadays a young person can move into a new unit with no money down. In addition to a 4-year interest free loan to top up the bank mortgage, a rebate will enable him or her to pay for all related expenses and have money left for furnishing the new home. As a result, there are now many young buyers who previously could not have bought. These people more likely than not have little savings and some do not even have a secure job. With laws enacted right before 1997 which make bankruptcy a lot easier, losing a job can become a quick trigger to file.
One cannot help but wonder what will happen if prices fall further. Immediately, the buyer has negative equity, but the developer who grants the second mortgage is as much at risk as the 
At issue is not just a problem of the real estate sector but also of the entire economy, although the two are inextricably tied. Unemployment has been climbing, recently to a high of 7.8%, and deflation persists. One should also not underestimate the negative wealth effect.
Watching one s biggest acquisition in life, i.e.
his or her residence, drop by two-thirds in value is not fun. This fate, to a greater or a lesser degree, has befallen a sizable percentage of our population, including those who bought in recent years subsidized homes from government related bodies such as the Housing Authority and Housing Society. No wonder people do not want to consume. Daily reports in local newspapers of businesses closing and of layoffs will only exacerbate the downward price spiral.
Lower consumption affects the rental side of our business at least the leasing of shops. In the second quarter of 2002 alone, retail rental fell by about 5%. Office rents also declined since there was hardly any new demand. A good number of small to medium size Japanese companies did arrive, but they usually took very little space. Nor did they help the luxury residential market which was the hardest hit of late rents dropped by around 20-25% since the beginning of the year.
Under this tough environment, our investment properties in Hong Kong generated 2.3% less in gross rent and 8.6% less in profit from a year ago. Only with the help of our Shanghai projects did overall rent grow by 8% and profit by less than 1%. Since there were less earnings from property sales, overall bottom line for the fiscal year retreated. Drop in interest income also contributed to this result.
Two other events during the past year should be mentioned. First, in March and May, we issued two tranches of a 5-year convertible bond which raised about $3.45 billion. Interest rate is 3.4% per annum and conversion price is $9 per share. It was the first Hong Kong dollar denominated convertible issue in decades and was enthusiastically received.
The rationale behind the issue deserves explanation. It is now widely accepted that Hang Lung is one of the very few major Hong Kong real estate companies which has basically consistently called the market cycles correctly for the past decade or so. Our refusal to buy properties during 1995 to 1997 and subsequent purchases between March 1999 and December 2000 of well located land at prices cheaper than the market has seen in years, are in particular credited for our recent success. As a result, our shares are now trading at one of the highest price-earnings ratios of profitable property companies.
Calling the market correctly, however, could not by itself produce value for shareholders if it were not supplemented by prudent financial planning. During the market peak of 1995 to 1997, we sold quite a bit of in-town investment properties which gave us not only handsome profit but also cash. We had further strengthened our balance sheet by placing shares in 1996, and had locked in longer term loans at reasonable rates around the same time. All told, we had raised over $10 billion cash. This gave us a totally debt-free position when the Asian crisis hit in late 1997. In fact, after repaying all debt, we still sat on $5 billion of cash throughout the crisis, an enviable position by all accounts. That enabled us to buy aggressively once we thought that the market had bottomed and when competitors were still struggling to recover from the shock.
Those were the days when cash was king! Our land acquisition spree lasted between March 1999 and December 2000. (As I had previously written, the timing of land purchases during that 21 month period was in itself tricky.
Eventual profit margin depends a lot on those decisions and we were fortunate to have bought each time at the bottom.) Although a number of our competitors rushed into the market in 2001, we were frankly by then unsure where the market was going. In fact, we were fearful that the price recovery might not be sustainable. What we did know was that our new projects would easily cost a total of some $12 billion with construction expenses coming in over the next few years. As such, we were convinced that it was time to once again raise cash. If the market continues to weaken and selling of flats becomes difficult, then money in our pocket will make me sleep better. The cash crunch experienced in 1984-85 has not been forgotten by your management. But if the market shows signs of sustainable recovery, then we better have the funds on hand to buy more land not unlike 1999 and 2000 before prices run away from us. Either way, we should strengthen our finances.
The easy decision was to take advantage of historic low interest rates to refinance all existing debts. That we did in the first six months of this year. More difficult, however, was to raise equity. What instrument to use is unfortunately not altogether up to us; we can only do what the capital market allows.
Management s preference has always been straight equity in forms palatable to existing shareholders such as warrants and share placements. Convertible preference shares such as the issue we did in 1993 was also favored. Our overriding considerations are twofold: minimize the dilution, if any, to existing shareholders, and avoid currency risks.
It was partly for the second reason that in 1993 we chose convertible preference shares instead of the slightly cheaper convertible bonds, for in those days both instruments could only be denominated in U.S. dollars. As subsequent events showed, most if not all of the convertible bonds issued by others in 1993 had to be repaid in 1997 or 1998 right at the time of the Asian crisis! With convertible preference shares which are perpetual, we escaped that fate.
In any event, throughout 2001 and for most of this year, the capital market was not cooperating. Nevertheless patience once again paid off when a window of opportunity arose.
We took advantage of it in March and did the convertible bond issue. Dilution to existing shareholders is minimal, and to lock in money at 3.4% over the next 5 years seems reasonable. This rate is below our historic 
Some people question why suffer dilution at all when interest rates are so low; why not issue straight debt? My answers are simple: cheaper rates are only a secondary consideration; by not pricing the issue overly aggressively, I hope not to have to repay. Given reasonable profit projections, the chances are good that the bonds will be converted. Afterall, the world economy is full of uncertainties and the local market fraught with danger. As one of my mottos goes: equity is the company s money while debt is the bank s it has to be repaid! Moreover, in light of the strong arguments for raising cash presented earlier, I will gladly take the best deal available.
Any lingering Doubting Thomas is perhaps grossly underestimating the treacherousness of the market, the extent and duration of which may surprise many. As before, I trust that history will once again prove us correct.
The final issue relates to the China market. It is gratifying to watch our Shanghai properties perform and begin to make a difference to our bottom line. In terms of both gross rent and profit before taxation, Shanghai accounts for roughly 11% of our total investment portfolio.
While Hong Kong rents stagnate or fall, those from Shanghai are expected to rise steadily.
This is the 10th year of our operation in China and so perhaps it is time to take stock of our mainland strategy. Back in 1992, we decided to enter the Shanghai market after a long period of research and observation. Recognizing how difficult it must be to get things done in a transitional economy like China, and given the associated importance of human relations, it seemed prudent to concentrate on one or at most two cities. And to differentiate ourselves from the many local and overseas (mainly Hong Kong) players, we must do something that they do not or could not do.
Of the many cities studied, we picked three candidates: Guangzhou which is closest to Hong Kong, Beijing and Shanghai. We eventually determined that although it was the first region to open up since the early 1980 s, Guangzhou and for that matter, the entire Pearl River Delta was at the time less well 
regulated. Every Tom, Dick and Harry from Hong Kong were clamoring for a piece of the pie. Beijing, on the other hand, was politically complicated and in any event had what seemed to us to be poor city planning.
Shanghai was just opening up and several things there impressed us. While being pro- business, the government was more disciplined than most places in China. The caliber of people both inside and outside of government is good, a point which is still true today. Moreover, it seemed that the Central Government was bent on restoring the city s economic prominence of the pre-World War II days. If so, then we should ride that wave.
As to differentiating ourselves, we knew that we could not compete with native developers on low-end products. Hong Kong investors on the other hand would likely repeat what they had done in their home market, namely smaller buildings with average quality. Less significant players could not, or do not know how to, do otherwise, while the major ones may not have the appetite for large and first-class projects.
So if our estimation was correct in that Shanghai would one day become a city of world significance, then we should do something of world-class quality and size.
Consequently, after an initial high-end residential site to learn the ropes, we embarked on two major projects which are now known as The Grand Gateway and Plaza 66.
The Grand Gateway in Xujiahui of Xuhui District is an almost 100,000 square meter shopping center which is so far the biggest in Puxi, the highly densely populated older part of the city (as opposed to the new town Pudong). Fully leased, it is on top of the biggest subway station in Shanghai. On weekends and holidays, in excess of 150,000 people now frequent the mall.
Plaza 66 on Nanjing Xilu in Jingan District has an office tower of over 78,000 square meters with 66 floors, on top of a shopping center of 52,000 square meters. Both are fully leased and the office tenants read like who s who in international business. The retail mall probably has the highest concentration of European high fashion brand names anywhere in the world.
There are far less visitors compared to The Grand Gateway, but the shops are doing equally excellent business. In fact, the per square meter revenue generated on the ground floor compares favorably to those in major cities in the world.
What is unique about these two developments is that they are both big and beautiful. Both are designed by world-renowned American architects and are built to high specifications.
So far nothing in Shanghai approaches their size or quality which will hopefully keep them competitive for many years to come.
From a financial perspective, returns generated in Shanghai on an after-tax basis are not much different from those of our Hong Kong investment properties. The only difference is that mainland projects have much better near term rent appreciation potential. We are now studying how to build upon our hard-earned expertise to grow the business in the mainland.
I will return to this subject in a later section.

I have a short and a longer term view of the market the former is very cautious, but the latter, more relaxed.
As alluded to earlier, the market since 1995 has been most perilous. Anyone who has bought land between 1995 and 1997 is now staring at the completed buildings with huge losses. While residential units on average have fallen by over 60%, land prices have dropped even more, and in some cases, by much more.
(This is why I am baffled these days by the words of some investment analysts such as: a certain real estate company will not make a profit because it does not have properties to sell. They are stuck with the old paradigm that selling properties automatically makes money.
The fact today is: the more one sells, the more losses are realized. As such, it is fortunate that we do not have anything to sell since the land would have been purchased at the peak.) Even some sites bought by others after the resumption of government land sales in April 1999 are under the water at today s prices.
More fortunate owners like us whose projects are in the money are less comfortable today than a year ago. Recent market developments have shown signs of a double-dip, with the first trough being in 1999.
In this environment, we, like all our competitors, are faced with two very difficult decisions.
Should we sell flats now or later, and when should we start buying land again. The answer to the first will partially depend on one s cash flow position. We are fortunate to be healthy financially, for through the recent reorganization of group companies, holding costs of development projects are now supported by steady rental income. As such we can afford to wait. However, one cannot dismiss the possibility that a time may come when it is no longer prudent to do that. The only comfort then will be that given our much lower average land cost, the terrible market will hurt us less compared to our competitors. Needless to say, I would rather like to see them make money, knowing that we are making more.
When to buy land is even more difficult a decision since we do not know our future cash position apart from rental income. Given that, it is wise to be conservative. This was why we had not purchased anything in the past twenty 
Land acquisition decisions are further complicated by one factor seldom discussed in public. Since the government basically controls all land sales, it can strongly influence prices. When the market falls, it often stops selling. It does so either by declaring a moratorium such as the 9-month period between July 1998 and March 1999, or by simply putting up artificially high minimum prices when developers apply for land. Afterall, valuation is as much an art as a science, and the government is in any event always fearful of being criticized for selling land cheap.
For society, this is arguably desirable it may prevent panic. Developers who have purchased expensive land will no doubt support the practice, but it is unfair to the prudent players who did not chase prices. A form of intervention which goes against the free market principle, the latter are deprived of the opportunity to buy when the market is down. Before 1997, when the overall market apparently only goes up due to high land price policy, this is perhaps acceptable. But now that the industry has fundamentally changed (i.e. sufficient land supply and transparent market, as I have in the past explained), it becomes problematic. Price of raw material, i.e. land, is administratively kept from falling while the finished product is subject to the vagaries of the market. The risk of the industry is thus enhanced. While some may erroneously argue that since there would be a floor to land prices, the risk is now less.
The only problem is that no one not even the government can control the prices of the built-out apartments.
Having said all that, I still reluctantly support the land sales policies of the government in order to maintain societal calm. My intention of bringing up the subject is that once the market returns to normalcy, there should be a review of those policies, particularly the government s land valuation process.
But for now, we have to live with existing rules, unfair as they may be. Given the weakening market of the past months, on the surface one may justifiably question our decisions to buy land in the twenty-one months before December 2000.
Relative to our competitors, we have bought the best plots at the lowest prices, but should we have bought at all? Given the government s policy to effectively not sell land when market sentiments are weak, we are left with no alternative. Allowing our land bank to run down to zero is unrealistic.
Perhaps we should take comfort in the fact that we had bought nothing since January 2001, for any land transacted in that period was more expensive than ours.
Whatever the case, one thing is certain: I have never seen in all the years a more treacherous time for the industry. To recognize in 1995 that prices were too high was not that difficult; the difficult part came in resisting temptation to follow the crowd and buy. But at least your management knew then what needed to be done. Now the market is very different none of us has seen anything like it. To see us through, I am counting on utmost caution mixed with an instinct for the market honed through long years.
As always, luck will help.
Looking further down the road, however, the picture is in my opinion not as bleak. While almost no one today anymore believes that real estate prices will return to the pre-1997 heights, I see little reason to be overly pessimistic. In the past I had presented arguments for a healthier market in the longer term. Allow me to briefly summarize.
Demographics are favorable to the industry.
The city is projected to have about one million people added by 2010 and almost three million more by 2020. Many of the new arrivals from the mainland will bring with them cash to immediately buy properties, rather than waiting seven to ten years to save up for the down payment as the earlier immigrants. Just as the Pearl River Delta will be the target area for Hong Kong s lower economic strata to purchase homes, our city will attract many of the nouveau riche of the mainland. Both phenomena have started and will likely continue for some time.
Recent weakness in the market may tempt even more of our fellow countrymen to acquire here, and regulations are already being crafted to make their coming and purchasing easier.
Cheaper prices will enable many locals to exchange smaller flats for bigger ones. With the median size being around 50 square meters, the lure of more spacious units is powerful. So far the lethargy of the secondary market has prevented them, but given the opportunity, a good number will make the move.
Similarly, many who live in older apartments will relocate to newer ones. Competition in the past few years has greatly improved the quality of more recent developments. These are characterized by better design and material, more luxurious lobbies and lavish club houses with many amenities. They appeal especially to the younger buyers.
The other side of the coin is that many of our city s older buildings are fast becoming dilapidated. Built during the fast growing years of the 1960 s, the residential blocks are inefficient and outdated in style. Many of these will in time be torn down. As such, there will be a decrease in housing stock at least temporarily during construction and possibly permanently if plot ratios are lessened or if the land is used for alternative purposes such as more open space.
I have enumerated many factors for optimism, but there are obviously compensatory worries as I have written in previous reports. However, those concerns cannot altogether negate the positive forces presented above.
Beyond all that, let me present a few more practical reasons for less pessimism. First, the present government cannot afford to and will not knowingly destroy property prices.
Knowing that some 67% of our homes are owned by our citizens (with 48% in private housing and 19% in subsidized sale flats as of mid 2001), wrecking the real estate market is to damage confidence in our economy, for homeowners are pillars of any society. I am convinced that Hong Kong s Chief Executive Mr. Tung Chee Hwa and his deputies are well aware of the problem and the solution.
Moreover, they recognize that at issue is not just the real estate sector; it is a problem that encompasses the entire economy and society.
According to recent research of a local university, about half of the city s deflation is accounted for by the decline in property prices.
As such, the economy cannot recover unless the industry improves.
In fact, all of the government s recent housing policies are on the right track. The former lack of coordination among departments and agencies is being addressed by the newly established accountability system. More clear cut pronouncement of firm policies will no doubt help. In this regard, the total abolition of the Home Ownership Scheme (HOS) will be a big step in the right direction. HOS has definitely served its historic mission and should be retired once and for all.
A second reason for optimism is something new to our society. In the past several months, there emerged a clear consensus among all political parties that further property price deterioration was not beneficial to anyone. On the one hand, the fact that it took so long to recognize something so obvious was discomforting. Grassroot oriented politicians lack basic understanding of the economy. They are also blinded by their prejudiced protection of the group already most benefited from existing housing policies-the 31% of the population living in public rental flats whose rents could not even cover the cost of maintenance such that they do not see market realities. On the other hand, the likelihood of the consensus dissipating is low.
Even the diehards are finally realizing the seriousness of the housing crisis. While this will hopefully serve as a basis for the government policies to take effect, the remaining danger is that politicians will bicker over how powerful should the medicine be. As someone who has been in the business for decades, there is no doubt in my mind that unless strong and decisive measures are taken, the market will not revive.
One interesting phenomenon here is that in recent months, even developers who have flats to sell are publicly admitting that the market may not have bottomed. Just as back in 1995 to 1997, we were a lone voice when we began to sound a note of caution in mid-2001. Now it is a chorus. How ironic then that at this time we should once again be the odd fellow to propose a ray of hope. In the go-go days of the mid-1990 s, we were considered by many as conservative and even by one major institutional investor as lazy. The same may now call us unrealistic or something worse. We call only on history to testify on our behalf, and trust that it will yet testify in our favor in the 
There is, however, no place for complacency.
The extremely tricky question for us operators in the business is how long will it take the market to turn around. The answer will depend to a great extent on what measure the government will take to stimulate the market.
Whatever they are, the road ahead will not be easy. But, as the Chinese say, with crisis comes opportunities; and as the westerners say: when the going gets tough, the tough get going. I believe in both axioms, and so believe that if anyone will emerge stronger through this dark period, we should be one of them. Frankly, the number of winners will not be big. That too should be good news to our shareholders.
To succeed in the next round, real estate developers must change operationally under the new market environment. In fact, we have started several years ago. Product quality both in terms of design and construction is more critical than ever. Construction speed will give marketing flexibility as well as interest saving, especially after rates return to historic norms.
Product branding through company reputation will become a factor to separate the winners from the losers. Whereas location is still of foremost importance, a respected brand name will facilitate property sales in tough times and help raise prices in good times. Finally, cost control will be more critical than before.
Whereas in the pre-1997 days, profit margin was predominately determined by the price of the land, now construction cost will play an increasing role. Afterall, land used to account for as much as 75% to 80% of total project cost, but is more like 40% to 50%.
As to our China strategy, in as much as we have performed well so far, we remain cautious. In an earlier section, I alluded to the fact that one cannot apply what works in Hong Kong to the mainland without discretion. Both the societal and physical environments are different which necessitate a different strategy.
There are few, if any, worthy models that can be emulated by non-mainland players, and so one has to blaze a trail. Having financial resources like we do is no guarantee for success. In fact, it can work against us one tends to be careless when money is abundant.
Afterall, many cities and towns in the mainland beckon for our dollars. One should never forget that it is all too easy to make investments, but extremely difficult to make them profitably.
The Shanghai market has changed considerably in the past decade. We are not convinced that to repeat what we have done in the past is the right thing to do today. Land is no longer cheap, total commitment tends to be large, and the market is volatile.
Nevertheless, our search for projects is ongoing. I will not be surprised if something is done in the mainland in the coming year or two. The first projects that will benefit will likely be the building out of the second office tower at Plaza 66 and the remaining two residential blocks at The Grand Gateway. The former will add about 80,000 square metres of prime office space to our portfolio.
Allow me to close with an assessment of our relative market positioning at this point which history may prove to be the darkest hour of the industry, or at least close to it. The past five years since the Asian crisis have been a rewarding and even invigorating time for us.
By prudent management of land acquisition, properties sales, and financial planning, we have been recognized by institutional investors as one of the best run property companies in town. The point has been born out by the high price-earnings ratio which we now enjoy.
Today we are, of all the major real estate companies, the least burdened by expensive inventory, have the best and cheapest land bank, and have one of the strongest balance sheets. The group restructuring two years ago has enabled us to more efficiently use our resources steady rental income to support potentially higher return development projects.
Last but not least, we have a dedicated management team with leaders which have worked well together for many years. This is why I am confident that our future is bright.
The market is admittedly terrible at the moment, but it has always been cyclical since time immemorial. Though unlikely to regain its former glory however flimsy and undeserving as history may show it to be Hong Kong will nevertheless recover, and so will our industry.
When that happens, your management will be ready for it. That is my job and I give you my undertaking to see it through.
Ronnie C. Chan 
