CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
For the year ended 30 June 2010, turnover nearly tripled to HK$12,057 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders jumped more than fourfold to HK$22,256 million. Earnings per share rose likewise to HK$5.37.
When excluding revaluation gain with related deferred taxes and minority interests, the underlying net profit advanced nearly two times to HK$6,674 million. Underlying earnings per share similarly increased to HK$1.61.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK54 cents per share which is 6% higher than last year. If approved by shareholders, total dividends for the full year will be HK71 cents per share, an increase of 8% compared to that of the year before.
It is gratifying that at this 50th year of our parent Hang Lung Group Limited (originally called Hang Lung Development Company Limited), we as its primary subsidiary should reach new heights in both net profit attributable to shareholders as well as dividend, if approved.

The two highlights of this fiscal year were the successful sales of completed Hong Kong apartments at the beginning and the opening of Palace 66 in Shenyang towards the very end. The former is a further reaping of correct decisions made in the past and the latter signals a new era for the Company.
The latest opportunity to sell luxury condos in quantity came last August. We took advantage of it and parted with 425 garden-facing units at The HarbourSide. We sold about HK$7.5 billion worth and reaped almost HK$5.3 billion in profit. This margin of 70% was never achieved before for this development and was probably the highest in Hong Kong for similar products. The fact that there were few, if any, projects which sold as much in the following few months seemed to indicate that we had absorbed most of the market demand for the time being.
It is impossible to predict when the next big opportunity will come.
The time prior to last August was almost two years before in October of 2007. Management believes that the bull market will one day return especially for luxury apartments like those in our 
A recent report estimates that about 20% of Hong Kong s high-end housing is already purchased by our fellow Chinese north of the border. (For our latest batch, the percentage was far lower since we had to surprise the market by suddenly announcing the sales. It took about 24 hours to launch the campaign and almost all of the 425 units were sold within one week. As such, potential Mainland purchasers were not given enough time to respond.) Their purchasing power can only be described as enormous especially in relation to the relatively small Hong Kong luxury sector. This was one reason we did not rush to sell in the past several years, and progressively higher profit margins achieved were a confirmation that our decision was correct.
Inasmuch as the developmental profit is gratifying, I am even more excited about the opening of our first shopping center on the Mainland outside of Shanghai. Shenyang Palace 66 heralds an era where we will open one or more new world-class commercial complexes each year. Even if we do not buy more land, which is highly unlikely, this streak will still continue for many years.
The completion of this design-award-winning mall is in itself meaningful - - our team has successfully executed a sizable construction project outside of Shanghai. Of more importance will be the delivery of satisfactory financial return. Initial indication is that first year performance will be slightly better than that of our Shanghai developments when they first opened some ten years ago. Management is hopeful that the rapid growth in rent experienced in Shanghai will be repeated. A decade or so after inauguration, Plaza 66 and The Grand Gateway are now commanding approximately 31% unleveraged annual gross yield on historic costs. That is almost eight times the equivalent number at the opening.
The expected starting yield of Palace 66 would have been even better if not for several factors. First, construction cost since the purchase of the land five years ago has gone up tremendously.
The extraordinarily rapid increase in infrastructure developments all over the country and the explosion of new building activities in city after city were unprecedented in human history. Construction relating to the Beijing Olympics and reconstruction after the May 2008 Sichuan earthquake added tremendous pressure to both material and especially labor costs. Workers were simply siphoned off to those two regions leaving us in a very difficult position.
To illustrate: during the four years between 2005 and 2008 when construction contracts for Shenyang Palace 66 were awarded, China s CPI (Consumer Price Index) increased by 14%, while the government s Construction and Building Services Installation Index nationwide rose by 22%, whereas the equivalent latter number for Liaoning Province where Shenyang is the capital city leapt by 28%! This was exactly twice the pace of CPI growth and 27% more than the national average for the industry. The comparable figures for the more matured markets of Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou were respectively 16%, 17% and 16%. As such, we are paying for the faster economic growth of Shenyang and of the Northeastern region of the country. Fortunately, the rise in GDP for our two cities in Liaoning province, Shenyang and Dalian, respectively at 14.1% and 15.1%, is almost 70% faster than the national average of 8.7%. Increase in retail sales for the two metropolises is also substantially higher than that of the country as a whole.
Secondly, in the past five years, the Renminbi has appreciated by about 20% and construction costs were translated into that much more in our home currency. The omen is that it will rise even further and we are taking measures, to the extent possible, to protect ourselves. For in the coming years, we will have many construction bills to settle. The compensating factor is that once completed, our properties which collect rents in Renminbi will convert into more Hong Kong dollars.
Thirdly, there were a host of design-related issues. With Palace 66 being our first Mainland project after Shanghai, we want to ensure the highest quality. Originally designed to the standard of The Grand Gateway, we decided, after construction commenced, to upgrade it to be more akin to Plaza 66 in Shanghai. That is for long-term competitiveness considerations. Because of its proximity to the Qing Dynasty Palace, the Shenyang government requested that we eliminate one floor after the construction contract was awarded. We also encountered two very severe winters where building work had to be halted altogether. For the above-mentioned and for commercial reasons, we decided to speed up construction towards the last stretch which added a lot to labor cost.
Whatever the case, Palace 66 is now completed. Unlike most of our competitors on the Mainland, at the opening we were fully leased and almost all tenants were ready for business on 26 June when the ceremony was held. Initial response - - both pedestrian traffic and sales volume - - was favorable although I would like to observe further before declaring victory. Previous experiences show that in the first few years of any mall, many adjustments from tenant mix to physical details will have to be made in order to arrive at an optimal state of affairs. Such is the nature of the business.
There is other encouraging news worth reporting. So far Hang Lung may well be the only real estate company where all the projects under construction on the Mainland have received gold precertification of the LEED standard (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) of the U.S. Green Building Council. In the case of the newly completed Palace 66, it has in fact obtained the actual gold certificate, perhaps the first shopping center in China to be so honored.
Besides sustainable development, our building designs are also virtually unmatched in China. Like Shanghai Plaza 66, many of our new projects such as Palace 66 in Shenyang, Parc 66 in Jinan, and Riverside 66 in Tianjin have garnered international awards. Earlier this year, the last named was further recognized by The American Institute of Architects, or AIA, in New York City. That too was a breakthrough for Hong Kong firms operating on the Mainland.
For the past fiscal year, rental income rose by 9%. For Hong Kong it was 6%, and Shanghai, 14%. In our home city, both retail and offices held steady while the residential sector, albeit improved from before, was still weak. In Shanghai, office rent basically kept pace with that of last year. To our delight, increase in retail rent was strong - - 19% for The Grand Gateway and 30% for Plaza 66 giving a blended rate of 24%. A year ago I anticipated slower growth in the higher-end mall due to economic lethargy. The opposite happened, which was a pleasant surprise.
There is no question that China has recovered faster than other major economies in the world. Even export has picked up considerably. Domestically the government has strongly encouraged personal consumption which will account for an increasingly higher percentage of GDP. That must be good for our retail business. Moreover, this is a secular trend and not merely a 
China s residential real estate market has gone through some rather incredible times. As I had previously reported, tactical missteps on the part of the government had driven prices of both land and housing last year to heights never seen before. Now Beijing is taking determined measures to cool them. Transaction volume has shrunk significantly and prices are beginning to fall. Unlike 2007 when high home price had driven some developers to the commercial sector, this is less likely this time. Their near bankruptcy in the second half of 2008 and the exorbitant land prices paid in 2009 have left some developers in a financially weakened position.
Apartments were sold briskly last year but for the past few months, volume had all but disappeared. In face of many uncertainties, they will likely take a conservative stance.
For us, we went from quietly stealing all the best commercial land deals in 2005 and 2006 to being totally shut out of the market due to overheating in 2007 and 2008. The crash came but the bear market lasted not much more than six months. Fortunately when the residential sector rose sharply in 2009, commercial land was virtually left untouched. For us that was perfect and we resumed acquisitions consummating in the two purchases in May that year.
The only reason for our not completing more transactions was our insistence on resolving all essential issues before committing.
Negotiations on several cities are progressing and there is no serious competition. I am hopeful that one or more announcements will be made in the coming twelve months.
In the past year, much effort has been devoted to building out the four developments under construction. Local conditions differ from city to city and we are adjusting well to each. In the order of expected completion, they are Jinan Parc 66, the mall at Shenyang Forum 66, the retail space at Wuxi Centre 66 followed by one of its office towers, and Tianjin Riverside 66. Land clearance at Dalian Olympia 66 has also been uneventful. This huge shopping center may in fact catch up with the one in Tianjin and both should be ready for business around 2015. Tianjin is the only city where we are experiencing delay. The city government has yet to turn over a small sliver of land in the middle of the piece which accounts for approximately 10% of the site. Substructure work is in progress except this strip.

Last year I began the discussion on Strategic Initiatives with a sobering fact: that in spite of an increase of some 24% (and not 19% as previously reported) in leasable space since 1997, total rent received in Hong Kong that year was still slightly below that of 1997. The past 12 months were the first time that we had exceeded the height recorded 13 years ago. Let me supply further data to bring out a point: it was fortuitous that we have branched out to second tier cities six or seven years ago.
For the decade beginning in 2000, our Hong Kong rental revenue had a compounded annual growth rate (CAGR) of 3.6%. The first two years saw negative growth as a result of the Asian Financial Crisis which began in July 1997. But even considering only the eight years since 2002 when the market had bottomed, the CAGR was merely 5.5%. Over the same period in Shanghai which was our first 10 years there, we achieved a CAGR of 41.3%, albeit from a very low base.
Looking ahead into the next decade, it is safe to assume that our Hong Kong portfolio will barely see rent increases of say 5% per annum. For a matured market, this is already quite respectable.
As explained two years ago, sizable acquisition opportunities almost do not exist. These facts clearly tell us that it is impossible to significantly raise rental income in Hong Kong.
Fortunately we entered the Shanghai market some 18 years ago and invested wisely. However, even that city is beginning to mature as a rental market. Fresh supplies of commercial space in the coming years will be enormous. Purchasing existing buildings or buying land satisfactory to us to build upon are both expensive undertakings. Because of the quality of our two developments in terms of location, size and design, we should remain highly competitive. But if new space keeps coming, then return will sooner or later be driven lower. Prior to 2008, we never had a year where rental increase was less than 19.3%; the past two years only recorded 16% and 14.4% respectively.
All that validates our decision in 20032004 to enter other cities starting with Tianjin. In order to continually expand both top and bottom lines, we must be able to meaningfully add space each year which will yield fast rental growth. Such is the promise of the five cities (beyond Shanghai) where we have bought seven pieces of land between 2005 and 2009.
If Shanghai is considered Phase 1 of our Mainland strategy, then these seven would be Phase 2. For now, I like to focus management on successfully constructing and leasing the developments on hand. After so doing for the first two of the seven - - Shenyang Palace 66 which opened last month and Jinan Parc 66 in September next year - - then we will have adequately demonstrated the validity of the strategy. That would be the auspicious time to announce Phase 3. Management is in fact already executing that plan, but it is perhaps prudent to quantify things later. After all, we must carefully consider all possibilities and should not over-promise.
Suffice it to say that given our unmatched financial position, we can do much more than what is on our plate today. The Mainland market is enormous, and there is no reason whatsoever for us to stop expanding. It would have been unconscionable! To further grow, we will need finances. In the past few years we have been in a net cash position. We have as much as HK$20 billion worth of housing in Hong Kong to be sold. Since the six remaining new projects of Phase 2 (excluding Palace 66 which is already opened) will require well over HK$30 billion to construct, sooner or later we will have to take on some debt. But because two of the six (Shenyang Forum 66 and Wuxi Centre 66) are enormous and will likely take 10 to 15 years to build out in phases, annual capital expenditure will be manageable. Moreover, the present HK$4.5 billion annual rents should increase nicely over time, and so our overall financial position should remain healthy in the foreseeable future. We will cautiously leverage up as we enter Phase 3 for further land acquisitions and construction. Whether the need exists in the coming year will depend on how much we will receive from the sales of Hong Kong apartments.
There are at least three other avenues for fresh funds. First, we can tap the capital markets when conditions are auspicious. Since 1992, we had done it seven times and collected a total of HK$24 billion.
Their timing, size and pricing were all deemed favorable by the market. Secondly we can sell low yielding and slow growing Hong Kong investment properties and deploy the money in Mainland projects with potentially higher returns. Finally, we can monetize our Mainland rental properties as they become mature. Given any combination of the three, capital funding should not be an impediment to expansion. We are known to the market as shrewd financial operators and will do our best to maintain that reputation.
While on this topic, I may add that we have not deployed serious capital in Hong Kong for close to a decade, i.e. we have not bought a single piece of land. We are not bearish about the city; it is just that the risk-reward ratio was in our opinion unfavorable. It takes a lot of capital to produce limited profit. Only a major downturn in land prices will tempt us to return. By not buying here, we have conserved cash for what promises to be much more lucrative 
In the coming years, we will take on more projects. A sizable mall will always be at the center and in that sense, we can be considered a consumer spending company. At present, there is tremendous pressure inside China to raise the average man s salary. This phenomenon will continue and must be positive for our business.
To take maximum advantage of this favorable environment, we have over the years devised the present strategy - - build world-class commercial complexes for long-term hold. It is difficult to find another business model which is as attractive. Consider the following seven highly desirable characteristics associated with it.
First, it is possible to have rather high return on investment. As mentioned earlier, our gross yield from Shanghai rental on unleveraged investment cost stands at approximately 31%. Given reasonable gearing, the number approaches 50%. That means all invested dollars will be recouped in less than two years.
Such a high figure of course does not happen on day one. In fact the investment period is long such that the less disciplined or less financially endowed will not be able to imitate. It usually takes at least two to three years from the identification of a plot of land to acquisition, and construction will add another three to four years.
Once the mall is ready for business, the expected initial yield is about 4-5%. Then it takes about nine years or three 3-year lease terms to build up the rental income to the 30% level. What we have witnessed so far is that this tortuous process is sufficient to scare off potential copy cats or stop those who attempt.
Secondly, the quality of income is excellent. Once leased, rent is recurrent and will not easily disappear. Compared to the highly volatile revenue of the build-and-sell strategy, companies like ours should command a much higher price-earning-ratio. That has indeed been the case.
Thirdly, the market is humongous. Our highly successful developments in Shanghai are by no means one-off situations. They can be duplicated in many metropolises, and Shenyang Palace 66 is just the beginning. We have identified 75 cities of which almost half have been studied. So far, we only have projects in six of them. As China is now undergoing the biggest urbanization mankind has seen, more cities may yet show up on our screen.
Fourthly, our business model is very defendable. As I wrote two years ago, once we build the best mall at a top location and of the right size and design, then our competitive position is almost unassailable. This is why first-mover advantage is critical to us.
Once that is established, the only one that can defeat us will be ourselves. As long as we are vigilant, we should be safe.
Fifthly, the concept of our strategy is extraordinarily simple, although its execution is extremely difficult. I believe in parsimony - - the fewer moving parts, the less chance there is for things to go wrong.
This was why for years we were able to run such a sizable organization with less than 2,000 staff. Of those, only one third or about 700 were office workers. About 10% of them are executives who have stock options and so are part owners of the Company.
(Total staff count has gone up recently and will continue to climb as we open new complexes on the Mainland. In order to maintain the highest standard, each mall will require over 300 staff to run. Most of them are security and maintenance personnel.) The tremendous difficulties in execution relate not just to hard skills but even more to the mindset that permeates an organization. For example, I have in the past written about discipline that is required to succeed in our business. It comes from a certain corporate culture which produces the right mindset. Without these qualities, one can never implement our strategy. I will return to this point later.
Suffice it to say here that the conceptual simplicity means that the barrier to entering our business is not too high. The difficulties in execution however present an almost insurmountable impediment to success. This explains why China is full of failed shopping malls of all sizes. In fact, having traveled the country far and wide, I can hardly find one that approaches our overall quality. Some of them have financially performed well merely because of the lack of worthy 
If possible, it is always wiser to avoid competition than to confront it.
When forced to face it, we should find a way to differentiate ourselves that will render competitors ineffective. That way we will stand out, thus virtually putting us in a position of having no competition. This is exactly our experience and is the sixth favorable characteristics of our strategy. Let me elaborate.
Because there are so many economically vibrant cities in China each having a huge population, we can go for the ones with few or no competitors. We usually enter markets ahead of others anyway, so we seldom encounter any of them. However, we can never be sure that no one at all is competing for the land that we want. And even if there is none, we still need to convince the seller, i.e. the municipal government, that they should meet our terms, financial-wise and on 
An effective tool is our track record in Shanghai. We have built and still own complexes that generate the highest tax revenue (including all types of taxes) of any commercial property in the city and likely in the whole country. According to government figures, there were years when our two developments annually contributed a total of RMB3 billion of tax dollars - - most of them by our tenants and some by us. Such a figure will make any municipal leader salivate. That together with our superior building design and financial strength to hold for the long-term are usually sufficient to make us the land purchaser of choice to the municipal government. And if there are actual competitors out there, they are rendered ineffective in the face of our unmatched track record.
Finally, to the extent that the future of any real estate business model is predictable, ours must be one. Once the right pieces of land are purchased, then there are only two major variables to worry about - - design and construction, and rental income projections.
Our experienced and stable management team mitigates to a large measure the former risk - - we know how to design well and construct correctly. Rental income, on the other hand, will be in the hands of our property management team which is excellent.
Nevertheless, just as critical is the social stability of the country, which depends on the way economic affairs are handled by the government and on geopolitics. These two areas are obviously beyond our control. This is why I devote considerable time to understanding them. But given a plausible scenario, namely, the absence of catastrophic dislocations whether domestic or international, our rental income stream can be more or less projected.
That has been attempted by your management, and preliminary results have been very encouraging.
Anticipation can be nice but one must be able to execute in order to convert projections to actual profit. This is where many companies stumble. They think that hard skills are all they need to succeed. I do not believe so. They are necessary but not sufficient. Just as critical if not more is a proper mindset towards the business and its 
For example, there are two main steps to the developmental process - - buying land and constructing buildings. What is an appropriate attitude and understanding regarding these two? How do we see their relationship? Without the right view, one may still fail, having the best business model notwithstanding.
Many developers play the real estate game mainly relying on the appreciation of land price. To them the key is to correctly time the market for land purchase, or if you will, to buy low and sell high. As a result, not sufficient attention is paid to perfecting professional and managerial skills, the exercise of which alone creates value. To my mind, such players are as much speculators as they are developers.
Such a mindset is dangerous and any success, if it comes, cannot be 
At Hang Lung we view real estate development very differently.
There is no denying that we too time the market and have in fact done it better than most. Yet to us, that is simply prudence, for why should anyone buy high and sell low!? Our attention and efforts are as much on creating value as on market timing. We strive to bring knowhow, experience and hard work to bear.
In Hong Kong, land often accounts for 70% to 80% if not more of total project cost. Consequently, buying land at the right time - - and also selling buildings at the propitious moment which many developers forget or ignore - - are the most important decisions.
Other avenues to improve profitability become insignificant for they at most account for 20-30% of total expenditure. People who are accustomed to such markets may become rather lazy - - just buy land correctly and you will make money. At least that is what they think.
Such developers will have a hard time when they enter Mainland markets. There, land cost only accounts for roughly 30% of the development. (For our new projects, the average is well below 20%.) Intellectual or managerial capital, if I may so describe it, is far more crucial. Examples include design flair and construction expertise where creativity and good operating systems are essential qualities for success. Even buying land correctly does not entail only calling the market. The choice of plots is not as simple as one thinks. For example, developmental terms associated with each piece are of utmost importance. They will predetermine the success or failure of the project. This is especially true of large high-end commercial 
Perhaps that explains why many Hong Kong developers are not so comfortable with such projects up north. On the other hand, Mainland companies are on the whole not yet sophisticated enough for luxury malls and offices. That gives us a window of opportunity which we shall exploit as much as possible. Until worthy competitors arrive and we assume that they will, we shall continue to be a rather unique player in the China market.
It will be useful at this point to dispel a misunderstanding of our strategy. Some in the market think that Hang Lung only develops the highest-end shopping centers. That we do and have done it well, but we also do something else. There is no denying that Plaza 66 in Shanghai has been so successful that it has become a brand. It is synonymous with luxury and high fashion and has made Hang Lung well known nationwide. We have even used 66 in the English names of our new developments. (The number originates from the facts that the first skyscraper in Plaza 66 - - chosen as the number one office tower in all of China - - has 66 floors and its street number 
However, as hard-nosed businessmen, we are pragmatic and cautious. We should always keep our heads cool and refuse to be carried away by our own successes. While appreciating the prestige and high unit rent of top-end malls, we also love the slightly lower price-point facilities such as The Grand Gateway. If all shopping centers are graded according to expensiveness and luxuriousness of goods sold and that level 5 is the most pricey, then Plaza 66 is certainly a 5 while The Grand Gateway would be a solid 4. We do not only build level 5 s; in some ways we like level 4 s even better.
We should not limit ourselves to one product type. Let me explain.
Of all people we should know the potential of the deluxe fashion market. There will always be such a niche which will only grow in China as wealth is spread from the top cities to the second tier ones.
Until not too long ago, the wealthy in the latter had to travel to the former to shop. There is no reason why that should continue. All we do is to follow top international brands and enter the new markets.
As previously written, we are just the aggregator that provides world- class retail space for them and for their shoppers. It is really that 
However, we ask ourselves one question: once a level 5 facility succeeds such as Shanghai Plaza 66, how do we further improve the top and bottom lines? All that can be done is to bring in more of the right kind of shoppers. There will always be a percentage of population who crave the luxury brands and this number will increase in the foreseeable future. Nevertheless, such a market is not indefinite in size. It is also impossible to predict if one day there may not be a change in taste and hence shopping habits of the populace.
On the other hand, consider the dynamics of the level 4 s such as The Grand Gateway. Those who can afford to shop therein are much greater in number than the luxury brand seekers. They are the upwardly mobile upper middle class whose quantity is rapidly rising throughout the country. They are becoming increasingly discerning and so demand high-caliber buildings, ambience and service. Yet today there are hardly any quality malls anywhere in the country. In time some of them will amass enough wealth to frequent the level 5 s, or the likes of Plaza 66. Our level 4 shopping centers will prime them for even higher tastes.
From the perspective of a mall operator, rents from the level 4 s can increase in two ways against the one for level 5 s. We can bring in more shoppers but we can also replace existing tenants with more luxurious shops. The latter is capable of paying more rent because of higher profit margin. When The Grand Gateway first opened a decade ago, we were lucky to have attracted one single Hong Kong name. There was no international brand whatsoever. Now they are the majority - - almost 75% of the 448 shops. This kind of tenant upgrade is almost impossible in Plaza 66.
According to one study, Plaza 66 already has more of the world s top 100 luxury brands than any other mall in the entire country.
Coincidentally, there is good news from The Grand Gateway in terms of increase in foot traffic. Whereas there was only one subway line below when we opened in 1999, now we have two.
By 2013, a third will be added. This is significant because approximately two-thirds of the shoppers enter our property through the underground. Already over 500,000 visitors frequent this mall each weekend and more can be expected. Given optimal size and attractive and functional design, the future of The Grand Gateway and indeed of other shopping centers of this mode should be bright.
All that is to say that we will continue to build both types of products. Depending on the city and the location, we will design a Plaza 66 or a The Grand Gateway. For example, the newly inaugurated Shenyang Palace 66 is a level 4 (albeit with close to level 5 finishings) while Forum 66 scheduled to open in 2012 in the same city will be a level 5. Nevertheless, all of our level 4 malls have designed into them the flexibility for upgrading. As the local citizens become more affluent, the need to move up will become obvious. The Grand Gateway is a case in point - - it is creeping up in that direction.
There is yet another type of shopping centers in our portfolio. In cases where the facility is particularly large, say over 150,000 square meters, the design may incorporate two sections - - a level 4 and a level 5 - - at least on the first one or two floors. Jinan Parc 66 opening next year and Dalian Olympia 66 scheduled for 2015 are 
If our business model is so elegant, why are there not more imitators? Long lead time, weak financial position, and the lack of required skill set are among the chief reasons. After studying us, a few had attempted but all soon gave up.
There is still another critical success factor beyond all that is tangible or technical; the lack of it is a hidden cause for the failure of those who tried. Yet real estate companies almost never talk about it and more often than not disregard or violate it, that of corporate culture which undergirds good governance. I will devote the rest of this section to this.
It is often said that real estate is an entrepreneurial industry. One has to be nimble in order to buy low and sell high. I do not disagree.
In fact our track record of the past two decades has amply demonstrated that we are quite good at it. Both in terms of buying land and selling properties in Hong Kong and Shanghai, and of tapping the capital market, we have always called the timing well.
Or if you will, we consistently buy low and sell high.
However, being entrepreneurial should not in any way contradict with building a strong and appropriate corporate culture and exercising good governance. I like to think that we also excel in these areas. To be sure, we are far from perfect and so must improve further, but I trust that we compare favorably within our industry. Last November the Hong Kong Institute of Directors together with a local university studied the governance of 146 publicly listed companies in Hong Kong. Our parent Hang Lung Group was the only real estate firm among the ten best.
(Of the other nine, five can be generally grouped as utilities and infrastructure, three are banks, and one is a government regulated entity. This study differed from those organized by commercial enterprises such as business magazines which may not be 
Since corporate culture and governance are broad issues, I can only touch upon certain salient aspects of each. To begin with, the two are intimately related. Good governance is not just a matter of checking off boxes in assessments and surveys. It must be embedded in a proper culture. One may even say that a healthy corporate culture is the soul of good governance.
It seems likely that in recent years, some companies have learned to check off the right boxes in surveys after making minor adjustments within the organization. As a result, they fare well. One cannot say that they are dishonest, but anyone who knows them knows that their governance is at best weak. Their so-called good governance is not rooted in a corporate culture which ensures constant proper practices. Time will one day reveal their true color.
Good governance must start at the top - - the board of directors. Its composition and function are equally important. For example, how are the non-executive directors (NED) related to the majority shareholder family whose members also serve in senior management? How truly independent are the NED s, or are they really independent non-executive directors or INED s? Most Asian publicly listed companies have a major shareholder, and it is of course acceptable for him or her to have a representative or even representatives on the board. But are there enough INED s to protect the interests of the minority shareholders? If there are, are they doing their job? Allow me to relate an anecdote in this regard. In Asia, it is common that the top person of a company, especially if he is also the major shareholder, would solely dictate staff compensation. That was also our practice before 2003. As chairman and representative of the major shareholder of Hang Lung Group, I for years alone made such 
By choice, I for well over a decade since assuming the chairmanship in 1991 gave myself a rather low salary. I took no bonuses and voluntarily excluded myself from stock options which program I initiated for our executives in 2000. But by 2003, I recognized the need to improve governance in this regard and so proposed to the board the establishment of a Nomination and Remuneration Committee (NRC) comprising only INED s. I will never forget the day that the NRC was officially formed. Recognizing that a power which I solely exercised previously would forever be relinquished, I was viscerally moved! I felt that part of me was gone.
Now seven years have passed and there is no doubt in my mind that I made the right decision. It has nothing whatsoever to do with the fact that to my total surprise, the NRC did not deem it appropriate for me to receive a low salary not commensurate with the nature and scope of the job, to not receive year-end bonuses, or to not participate in the stock option scheme. That action back in 2003 has helped make us a better governed company.
It was also precisely for good governance that towards the end of 2008, we were the first and maybe the only major listed real estate company in Hong Kong to publicly support the Stock Exchange s proposal to shorten the period between fiscal year-end and public reporting. It frankly baffled me how other firms could object and object so vehemently - - perhaps including one or two which had repeatedly won the so-called corporate governance awards. There can only be two reasons - - poor management and financial self-interest on the part of senior executives. Both violate good 
Among the excuses, some companies complained that they could not close the books fast enough. But if much larger and complicated Western firms can comply with more stringent rules say of the New York Stock Exchange, why can we not in Hong Kong!? Inability must mean poor management and weak operating systems. To demonstrate that it can be done, we now regularly hold our board meeting for interim and final result announcement within one month of the financial period end. Frankly the only difficulty is to find a date that all directors can attend.
The only other reason for objection is that senior executives can use the longer period to buy and sell their own company shares. This too is bad governance, for during that period, management possesses information not known to the investment public.
In matters of governance, the West is more advanced. There are aspects where they have gone too far but in many more fundamental areas, Asia should humbly learn. Good governance can be a constraint to management, but is also its protection.
I would like to mention that this Company and its parent Hang Lung Group have been blessed with very active boards. Directors repeatedly raised the right issues with management and followed through until there were satisfactory answers or results. They are diligent and proactive in guiding as well as supervising the two entities. As one of the executives, I am grateful.
I for one do not object to having the majority shareholder double up as a senior executive. In fact I have publicly spoken in its defense.
With proven governance, it can give a company tremendous edge.
In the case of Hang Lung, my family s trust is the ultimate controlling shareholder, but the Company has been for years professionally managed. There is hardly any family member other than myself in 
Now let me turn to corporate culture. From the beginning of my chairmanship, I have, with the help of Mr. Nelson Yuen, our long serving managing director whom I early on appointed, strived to build an organization that is collegial and transparent, as well as lean and flat. We enshrine our core values in the acronym SAIL - - Simplicity, Authority, Integrity and Loyalty. We advocate open communications, treasure team work and discourage office politics. We make sure that everyone works for the overall good of the Company rather than for petty self interests. One plus one should be greater than two.
We maintain minimal layers of organization; we prefer a few good staff to many mediocre ones. We encourage entrepreneurship; everyone should know his or her responsibilities and exercise initiatives with commensurate authority. Our atmosphere is egalitarian and we disdain sycophantic behavior. We want to be a learning entity; we are careful not to make mistakes but when we do, we make sure that we learn from them. We treat all staff with respect, and in return demand loyalty. And above all, we strive for the highest ethical standards at all levels of the Company.
All these qualities, as far as I am concerned, have much to do with our past successes. Without them, we would not have been able to execute our strategy. The reason was alluded to two years ago in my letter to shareholders. Here I will expound on it.
At that time I stated that real estate is not a high-tech business although we use technology. Instead, the industry demands much experiential knowledge accumulated through long years. No company, no matter how skillful or smart its staffs are, does not make mistakes in the developmental process. They are unavoidable because no two projects are identical. This is especially true of large commercial complexes. The key is to learn from previous errors and improve. In the process, the Company will gain experiential knowledge which will help it succeed in the future. An enterprise which is more capable of retaining such knowledge will be a winner in the longer term.
So what determines if a company can learn? Its culture. A firm with the right kind of culture is far more apt to learn and improve while others may not even know that mistakes are committed, let alone to benefit from them.
Since experiential knowledge is lodged inside the individuals, the ability to retain experienced staffs becomes paramount. Such institutional memory will safeguard the company from repeating the same errors. For this, high salary is a necessity but is not in itself sufficient. For there are always other people who are willing to pay more.
Good and decent people desire a sense of ownership. They cherish the satisfaction derived therefrom and the realization that their efforts will make a measurable difference. This is why Hang Lung is one of the very few, if not the only, of the major Hong Kong real estate firms that has an effective stock option scheme for our top 70 or so executives. The amount permitted to be issued each year is strictly controlled by the NRC. There is no allowance for the excesses commonly found in Western companies, namely management issuing an exorbitant number of options to itself. In cases like us where there is a major shareholder, he or she would certainly object in order to contain 
Many Asian companies do not have stock option plans precisely because of that worry. For us, the problem can be partially mitigated through shrewd operations in the stock market. While options for Hang Lung Properties stocks are issued to executives, our parent Hang Lung Group periodically purchases our shares when prices are favorable.
However, even the best option scheme is still not sufficient. The value of any option can be quantified in monetary terms and so can be bested. This is where a proper corporate culture comes in.
Most of the outstanding individuals do not just want money; they want respect as well. They have choices on where they work and only companies with a propitious culture can bring and keep them 
Moreover, the developmental process has many stages and components. It is difficult if not impossible for any single individual to master all the tricks. Consequently, in real estate companies in particular, silos should not be allowed; team work is critical. For groups of people to work synergistically, unnecessary friction must be minimized. Only so will a company operate smoothly and efficiently. All these qualities can hardly be quantified, but they are absolutely essential to success.
A flat organizational structure is also useful and I am a firm believer in it. With minimal bottleneck, decision making can be very fast.
And if staffs are open and transparent to one another, the necessary safeguards from individual rash behavior and personal impulse will be in place.
Let me present another anecdote to illustrate. Because of the explosion of new projects in the past five years, we had to hire many new managerial staff. Recognizing that not all of them will be good enough to remain with us, we actually employ more than what we 
Once a manager so hired went to his superior for a decision on a task at hand. To his surprise, he was asked to make the decision himself, albeit under supervision. It was a challenge to him for in his own words, such a responsibility would never be required of him at his former employer. Previously he would have to submit a written report to his boss who would then add his own. A few weeks later, an edict might be handed down. Such is not how Hang Lung works.
We try to find people who are at once competent professionally and managerially. Because of our culture, we probably make decisions much faster than our competitors. Mainland municipal leaders with whom we deal can attest to that. It gives us yet another edge.
Corporate culture must be built from the top; it will not work otherwise. Inevitably an institution is a reflection of its leaders.
Good culture must also be constantly reaffirmed and strengthened.
If not, human nature dictates that it will dissipate over time. As invisible and as intangible it may seem, culture is the soul of an organization and will determine its long term success. It is perhaps less critical to those operating in smaller and simpler economies such as Hong Kong. But for the Mainland market which is huge and complicated, no company can sustain a winning streak without it.
No doubt every firm and strategy is different and so there is no single culture which is one-size-fits-all. Nevertheless there are core values which must be present if a business is to succeed in the long run. We have those values, and we must sustain and enhance 
In previous years, I have presented our many success factors. They all deal with strategies and execution which are tangible. Unseen behind them and which makes them work is a corporate culture. It embodies certain values and brings good governance. Many of those values were openly espoused or implicitly practiced by the late Mr. T.H. Chan who founded our parent Hang Lung Group exactly 50 years ago. I am thankful to him for the moral foundation which he had so ably laid. Hang Lung is still enjoying it today.

In the aftermath of the 200809 financial debacle, the global economy is still tenuous. Systemic weaknesses abound in both the U.S. and Europe. The Chinese economy which is conceptually even more fragile has held up much better. Nevertheless, no one should underestimate the myriads of challenges, both domestic and international, facing the country.
A more optimistic view says that China has in the past 30 years faced many daunting troubles and has emerged stable and ever more prosperous. The question confronting us is: provided that the country can keep on an even keel say for the next two decades, can we afford not to be in that market? As a Hong Kong based company, frankly we have very few strategic options. Since our city, as explained earlier, is not at present and in the foreseeable future a desirable place to invest as far as we are concerned, we have no choice but to go north. Fortunately, the Mainland market offers the best opportunities to those who play their cards right. In fact it is hard to imagine a more auspicious environment.
In the past few years we had done well in land acquisitions and will do more of it. Barrier does not mainly come from competition; frankly there is very little of it. Rather it is to work with sellers, i.e.
city governments, to remove impediments to potential projects. The process is very tedious and rules are constantly evolving. We must convince them to accept our price and developmental conditions that will allow us to build world-class commercial complexes. Since such high quality facilities are hardly existent in those municipalities, local building regulations are more often than not antiquated. To accommodate us, i.e. to allow top-class facilities to be built, outdated regulations must be reviewed and fine-tuned.
A simple case in point is that we insist on lower plot ratios, i.e. the building space allowed relative to the size of the land. Officials are often perplexed since local developers always ask for the highest possible. All of them mistakenly think that to build more is to make more money. Yet it is difficult if not impossible to develop world-class complexes if plot ratio is too high. So we must convince municipal leaders to lower it which often means lower land price received. The more thoughtful mayors usually understand and accept our argument, but I certainly cannot say that of everyone.
In more complicated issues, we often have to bring officials to meet their counterparts in cities where we already have projects and let the latter explain to them. A side benefit of this exercise is that in their discussions often in our absence, the topic of our management style may come up. Inevitably our reputation is enhanced in that process which increases our chance of land acquisition.
So city after city, we have to undergo this educational process on many aspects of related government regulations. It is tiring but when successful, we are allowed to build what we want - - world- class complexes with potentialities of high financial returns.
Moreover, having gone through the process in detail with officials, they know exactly what we are trying to accomplish. Such a meeting of the mind will remove much of the possible disagreements which are so common in other people s projects. The construction phase will progress much faster and smoother. In other words, we are front-loading all potential problems. Slow as it may be, to us this is the only way to go. I am hopeful that through hard work, persistence and luck, we will score even more impressive wins.
It is interesting to examine why the competitive landscape is so favorable. For that we need to study who the players are and their respective strengths and weaknesses.
As we all know, large malls first found their modern expression in the United States soon after the Second World War. Since then, improvements have been incremental; recently built facilities do not look too different from those of a half a century ago. Some of the best in America are perhaps found in Las Vegas. Their interior is glamorous but for some reasons, less attention is paid to the exterior.
Possibly due to limited supply of bigger tracts of land, malls in Europe are usually not spectacular. Japan and South Korea have experimented somewhat but not many really stand out. Quite impressive are a few in Dubai.
My criteria for judgment are location, size, design - - exterior and interior, functionality and aesthetics - - as well as management. The ultimate test should include financial return, but those numbers are not readily available. This is unfortunate because as businessmen, return on investment must be top on our minds.
Few shopping center developers are truly global. American firms have a huge domestic market and so do not have the urge to go overseas.
Those who do often lack local knowledge as well as the determination to persist. Rather, developers from smaller countries like Australia (population-wise) where the home market is limited, are forced to go abroad. Certain of them have scored impressive successes.
So who is tackling the huge developing market of Mainland China? Basically there are three groups - - local, Hong Kong and foreigners.
Until a few years ago, domestic firms did not have the financial resources to hold for the long term which is imperative for the success of any mall. Now some of them do especially the state- owned enterprises. What they lack are skills and experience necessary for luxury malls. In time a few will learn and will become worthy competitors. Fortunately, as I have explained before, first- mover advantage will keep us ahead and safe. This is why these few years are critical to our longer term success.
The second group of players are major Hong Kong developers. Some of them lack commitment to the Mainland market and so are less likely to succeed. Even if they do, the win will not be big. Several others are determined, yet most of these still consider it secondary to their home market. The lack of focus might have caused them not to pick up the necessary expertise unique to the Mainland. Moreover, it is difficult to discern clear-cut strategies among them. As a result, we do not know who exactly from this group are our competitors. What we can safely say is that very few specialize in commercial properties.
Then there are a crowd of foreign players. Most of them are financial operators who lack expertise, their proclamation to the contrary notwithstanding. They may think that they are shrewd market timers.
Perhaps they are, for they left town recently at the first sign of trouble. It was highly doubtful if in the past few years they had made much money. Nevertheless, in this category are a few truly professional developers with great track records overseas. Their home markets are already saturated and they can only grow through mergers and acquisitions. Consequently they are tempted to try the world s largest developing economy. However, most of them underestimated the difficulties and as a result, ended up retreating.
This is the competitive landscape which is frankly quite favorable.
As long as we cautiously and diligently execute the stated strategy, our future should be bright. Hiccups are inevitable but the environment seems to provide some margin for error.
I believe that in the next decade or two, much of the best shopping centers in the world will be built in China. The fact that at least a substantial portion of them will be products of Hang Lung is coincidental. The U.S. and European markets are saturated already and their overall economies are slow at best. Even if someone would try to build, financing will not be easy. Dubai on the other hand has suffered serious economic setbacks in the past year or two. It is doubtful if there will be new malls rising in the near future.
After all, a huge one has just opened and business is not spectacular. Most major developers elsewhere are in a similar 
It takes a fast growing economy to sustain many new malls. The United States experienced that in the 1960 s and 1970 s and now it is China s turn. Of all firms we are best positioned to benefit from it.
I dare say that we are the only one which has built a successful 
Although Jinan Parc 66 will not open until September of next year at the earliest, pre-leasing has been ongoing in earnest. Our reputation for building and managing top-located and best-designed malls has attracted many retailers to sign up for space before construction is completed. This is unusual in the industry. So far over 25% of leasable area has been accounted for and for almost that much have lease deposits been received. It will not surprise me if we reach 70% to 80% by calendar year-end. This shopping center is huge at over 170,000 square meters; it is bigger than any we have done so far. Consequently, success in pre-leasing is particularly pleasing. Initial indication is that rents of similar space is higher than that of Shenyang Palace 66. But because Parc 66 is over 50% larger, overall average unit rent many be similar.
Given the lack of shopping centers of size and quality, and given our uniquely prominent location at the heart of Jinan, Parc 66 should, once open, quickly become an attraction to the entire city. As our only Mainland development designed by a Hong Kong architect, it has already won international recognitions. I am obviously biased but nonetheless think that the design is outstanding.
The shopping center in Shenyang Forum 66 is scheduled to open in 2012. As a level 5 facility after the mode of Shanghai s Plaza 66, it will have many top luxury brands. There will be competition in the city but we should open ahead of all of them. In the past year or two, several developers seem to have slowed construction or have stopped altogether. But for us it has always been full steam ahead.
Our location, size, design as well as timing should seal our position as a market leader.
Construction of the first office tower in Shenyang Forum 66 is on hold. City officials will have to sort out the height restriction issue before we can proceed. There are many office projects in the city but we will again likely be the first. We have already completed foundation work and can begin building the superstructure at short notice. Together with our location and design which are frankly the best, we should be very competitive. It will be the most outstanding landmark in Shenyang and indeed in the entire Northeastern China.
For the present fiscal year, rental income in Hong Kong is expected to rise moderately. Neither do I foresee dramatic changes in Shanghai. Retail growth there may slow down a bit but should nevertheless perform acceptably. Office rents will again stagnate although the worst should be behind us.
Despite the fact that Shenyang Palace 66 is fully leased at satisfactory rates, its contribution to the bottom line for the first few years will not be spectacular. Operating expenses are always high relative to rental income and will take time to taper off. That was exactly our experience with the two malls in Shanghai a decade ago.
In the meantime, our marketing campaign in Shenyang will become more focused. We are unquestionably the best shopping center in a district not traditionally frequented by high-end shoppers.
Fortuitously, a few new facilities in similar market niches will open around us within the next 14 months or so. Together we will upgrade the entire district. This is another example of how, as I have written two years ago, competition can be helpful. Given smaller size and mediocre design, they will not be a serious threat.
That which will swing the financial results of this fiscal year are again the prospects of selling completed apartments in Hong Kong.
Opportunities may come, but no one can be sure at this time. We will as before exercise patience while constantly keeping our antennas up. Once they are here, we will be ready.
Finally, I need to make an important announcement to all shareholders. Mr. Nelson Yuen, my partner of the past 20 years and our Managing Director for almost that long, retired two weeks ago. He told me 18 years ago when I asked him to move from the Finance Director post to the managing directorship, that he would retire at age 60. This year he turns 60. As I have repeatedly told people inside and outside of the Company, Nelson is one of the key reasons Hang Lung is so successful. His integrity is beyond question; he knows the business intimately; he has the uncanny ability to get to the crux of issues quickly and is an excellent tactician. He is not the most ambitious man I know, but is certainly one of the finest.
I do not want to see Nelson retire, but he will not change his mind.
Fortunately the Company is blessed with two things. First, at the Board s invitation, Nelson has agreed to remain as my special adviser. Once his successor is settled in say within six to 12 months, Nelson will rejoin the Board as a Non-Executive Director.
As such, his wealth of experience will still be at the disposal of the 
We are equally blessed with the appointment of a competent successor to Nelson in the person of Mr. Philip Nan Lok Chen.
Nelson, and especially I, have known him for decades. As many of you know, he has had an extraordinarily successful career with The Swire Group which includes Cathay Pacific Airways, Hong Kong s dominant airline. At one point the Chief Executive of Cathay, Philip has had rich and diverse business experiences and knows well mainland China where he has lived and worked for several years.
He is affable, highly ethical, and has good judgments. Few Chinese executives in the whole of Hong Kong have enjoyed as excellent a reputation. He has been warmly received by our colleagues and will doubtless fit effortlessly into our culture. Philip took up the post of Managing Director on 15 July, the day after Nelson officially retired.
The past year has been a momentous one for Hang Lung and for me personally. It was your Board s unanimous decision to go outside of the Company for a new leader and Philip s appointment was likewise. I firmly believe that we have found a solution that will best ensure continued success. For that I want to thank all members of the Board.
I also understand that it is customary to wish Nelson good health and happiness in retirement. Of course all my best wishes go to him but I will not publicly express them here since he will soon rejoin the Board.
In February, your directors had elected Mr. Henry Yiu to the main Board. He is in charge of project construction. Henry joined Hang Lung in 1986 and has been responsible for some of our most significant developments. His success in Hong Kong was transplanted to Shanghai and more recently to other cities as well.
A solid manager, Henry is professionally competent and company- wise, loyal. I warmly welcome him to the top management.
Mr. Terry Ng, former Executive Director in charge of our leasing business and investor relations has resigned officially on 21 July, exactly a week after he and I first spoke about that eventuality. I wish him success in his future endeavors.
Before closing, I should explain why the Board has chosen a new Managing Director not from the property sector. This question was raised by some in Hong Kong. To be sure, real estate is not the most complicated industry. Anyone with business sense, good judgment and managerial skills should be able to do the job.
Industry-specific knowledge can easily be learned. After all, the Company is already full of property experts. What we need is a true leader and a strong manager. That beyond doubt is what 
Moreover, the Hong Kong real estate sector while sizable in dollar amount is not that big in terms of the pool of top talents. Since we have outperformed every major player over the past decade, logic seems to indicate that we should not look within the circle.
Of all people, I like to think that I know what is required to make Hang Lung an even better company. My assessment is that Philip s skill set dovetails very well. We also want someone who will not only not destroy our corporate culture but will rather strengthen it. In my opinion and that of the Board, we have found the right person.
As mentioned earlier, this is the 50th year of Hang Lung - - my late father Mr. T.H. Chan founded Hang Lung Group, then called Hang Lung Development Company Limited, on 13 September 1960. For the first 32 years, we operated almost exclusively in Hong Kong.
Eighteen years ago we began to have two foci with the addition of Shanghai. In 2005, more cities were added and we began to have many offices. With the inauguration of Shenyang Palace 66 last month, our operation has gone to another level of complication.
This progression will continue as we open more facilities in other cities. Before long, we will be a truly national company.
On the one hand, Philip s experience running one of the world s most profitable airlines with dozens of locations, will help us make the transition. On the other, we have been hiring and training executives for each of our departments over the past several years. We have systematically prepared ourselves for the 
During that process, we will return again and again to the basics, that is, to the values and corporate culture that we treasure. Their strengthening will in turn help ensure our continued success. Five years later when Hang Lung turns 55, it will be a very different company. One thing that should remain unchanged is that our loyal shareholders should continue to enjoy satisfactory 
As we celebrate our jubilee, I can confidently say that a golden era is ahead of us. But for now, it remains my pleasant task to thank all loyal staff of the Company, present and past, who together have made Hang Lung successful.
Ronnie C. Chan 
