Chairman s Statement Simply put, we aim to secure land within the three years of 2005, 200? and 200? to build 10 to 12 sizable commercial complexes in several cities. With each project defined as investing HK$2 to $2.5 billion, the total investment would entail HK$25-30 billion. I am pleased to report that significant progress has been made.
Results and Dividend Turnover for the fiscal year ended 30 June 200? decreased by 4?.2% to HK$3,?40.? million while net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 35.4% to HK$4,402.? million. Earnings per share was 119.2 cents, representing a drop of 3?.5% from the year before.
When excluding the revaluation gain and its corresponding deferred tax, the underlying net profit retreated by 35.3% from HK$2,515.? million to HK$1,?2?.0 million, and the underlying earnings per share by 3?.4% to 44.1 cents.
A final dividend of 3? cents per share is recommended by the Board which is 2.?% higher than last year. If approved, total dividends for the full year will be 51 cents per share, an increase of 2% compared to that of the last fiscal year.

A year ago, I wrote extensively on the reasons for expanding investments in mainland China and the strategy for it. Simply put, we aim to secure land within the three years of 2005, 200? and 200? to build 10 to 12 sizable commercial complexes in several cities.
With each project defined as investing HK$2 to $2.5 billion, the total investment would entail HK$25-30 billion. I am pleased to report that significant progress has been made.
To refresh shareholders memory, after almost two years of labor, we landed our first project outside of Shanghai in Tianjin in January 2005. As anticipated last year, we signed up a second piece in September 2005. Situated on Zhongjie Road in Shenyang, we will build on the 3.5 hectare site a five-storey shopping mall of almost 120,000 square meters. Completion will take about 4 years after land possession which should come within this year.
Zhongjie Road is said to be the first pedestrian shopping street in the whole of China and is one of the two best existing commercial districts in Shenyang. As capital of the highly industrialized Liaoning Province, Shenyang is the biggest and the most economically dynamic city in Northeast China.
Our mall design is as spectacular as the one in Tianjin and our two existing ones in Shanghai. Total cost approximates the Tianjin project which is about HK$2.5 billion.
In January this year, we entered into a preliminary agreement with the city of Jinan, capital of Shandong Province, and later became the sole qualified bidder for a piece of land measuring approximately ? hectares. Completion was originally planned for July once the land is cleared. Despite a minor delay, we should conclude the transaction within the coming few months.
As can be expected, the site is among the best located in the city.
A six-storey shopping mall is planned totaling some 150,000 square meters. Total investment is expected to be around HK$2.5 billion.
Jinan is the commercial center of this second most populous province. Shandong also has the second highest economic output of all provinces, and is one of the very few that are strong in both manufacturing and agriculture.
Then within one week last month, we concluded preliminary negotiations on three more plots. None came as a surprise, for management has been working on each of them for at least a year.
Two transactions have been made public and one of the two has since been completed. The third will soon be announced.
The one concluded is again in Shenyang. Measuring 9.2 hectares, the site which is historically known as Doumugong is the biggest we have so far acquired on the mainland. Land cost is about HK$??0 million so unit price is rather favorable. Total project cost is estimated at HK$? billion. Once again, the location could not be better it abuts the southern edge of the city s central piazza. To the west of the square is the municipal government s head office; to the north is Shenyang s only cluster of high rise offices; and to the east is the city s theatre and concert hall. Given the size, we can create a multi-purpose complex comprising a shopping mall, office towers, hotels and perhaps a few blocks of high-rise luxury apartments. This is similar to our highly successful The Grand Gateway development in Shanghai.
The second project announced last month is in Changsha, capital of Hunan Province. The location must be considered one of the very best in the city. Once the transaction is completed, a commercial complex totaling 500,000 square meters will be constructed and will have as its centerpiece a shopping center. The site is approximately ? hectares and total investment should be around HK$4 billion.
Not counting Jinan and Changsha, we now have five projects one in Tianjin, another on Zhongjie Road in Shenyang, plus Doumugong also in Shenyang which due to its investment size, is counted as three.
If we include the one in Jinan, the two (again by virtue of the dollar amount) in Changsha and the soon to be announced project, we will 
As I have previously written, city selection is one of the critical decisions that will determine whether we will in the coming decades win or win big. Upon careful consideration, we have decided to concentrate on fewer cities. Still targeting about twelve projects outside of Shanghai, we will put them in ? or 9 cities instead of strictly one per city.
The reason is primarily a pragmatic one. Our industry on the mainland is highly relationship-intensive. Rules and regulations are at times unclear and management has to work closely with municipal leaders to clarify them. This is true before land purchase as well as during the developmental process. Negotiations with different levels of government on all too many issues take an enormous amount of time and effort. So if we determine that a city is economically vibrant, then it makes sense to do multiple projects. Shanghai and Shenyang are two such cases.
Shopping centers will remain our primary product type. We may supplement them with office towers, hotels and luxury residential blocks. Similar to The Grand Gateway in Shanghai, such large developments are typically phased. Almost always a mall will be built first and the rest later as the market matures. It is, I suppose, a way of land banking. When we started constructing the two Shanghai projects around 1994 and 1995, there were almost no class-A offices in the entire city. The situation has obviously changed. By the time our first tower was completed, it was renting briskly and at attractive rates. I anticipate a similar course of development in certain cities although reaping the same bonanza as we did in Shanghai is perhaps unrealistic. Land prices today in the other cities are, however, much less than those we had paid for Plaza ?? and The Grand Gateway in Shanghai some thirteen years ago.
Last year I wrote extensively on why we decided to expand in the mainland and our strategy in general terms; here I will devote space to how we execute. After deciding on the type of products to specialize in, namely commercial complexes for rent centering on a shopping mall, the next critical decision is city selection.
China s economic opening started along the southern coast between Hong Kong and Shanghai. Many of those cities are already rather prosperous and our locating the first two mainland projects in Shanghai was altogether a correct decision. As noted last year, outside of Hong Kong, Shanghai and Beijing are still the most economically vibrant cities in China. However it is now almost impossible to find top located large tracts in these metropolises. Site clearance is also extremely difficult. Perhaps surprising to some, the least of my worries is the apparent high prices what seems expensive today will look cheap tomorrow given these cities extraordinary growth.
Consequently, we have little choice but to go to other coastal locations. The preliminary agreement signed with the city that will be announced soon is one of them. Your management will search for more projects in similar municipalities.
A coastal city that has one of the country s biggest seaports is Tianjin.
It is also the geographic center of the Bohai Economic Rim (BER) which the central government has of late strongly promoted.
With the Pearl River Delta (PRD) and Yangtze River Delta (YRD) already rather developed, BER which has an average per capita income less than half of the other two areas must catch up. Beijing is apparently determined to do exactly that and Tianjin will no doubt 
In this regard, a recent news item deserves special mention. The State Council of China has issued a paper specifically defining the relative positioning of Beijing and Tianjin, two megalopolises a little over 100 kilometers apart. Whereas the capital will continue to be an international city which is also a political and cultural center, Tianjin alone is planned to become the economic center of the North. There are obviously practical considerations behind this decision such as the ports in Tianjin and intractable traffic congestion in Beijing. With more than three times as many automobiles in the capital as in either Shanghai or Hong Kong and growing at an alarming rate, certain separation of political and economic functions becomes prudent. This validates our earlier decision to enter the Tianjin market.
Another region which the government is keen to develop is the Northeast. Rich in natural resources and historically the country s foremost manufacturing center, it has fallen on hard times since the 19?0 s. Although things have picked up somewhat after the country opened up some 25 years ago, it lacked central government support and lagged behind the PRD and later the YRD. Foreign direct investment for example fell far behind those two areas. A few years ago, the central government began to promote Revive the Old Industrial Base of the Northeast, a slogan now known to all in the country. The economic center of the region is undoubtedly Shenyang followed by Harbin, Dalian and Changchun.
Confirmation of Shenyang s consumption power came somewhat as a surprise. Both fortuitously as well as through research, we have learned that sales of luxury goods per unit of shop space can actually be higher than those in Shanghai or Beijing. Of course there are less of these outlets in the Northeast but fast income growth prevalent in the South has begun to take place in cities like Shenyang. Moreover, historically people from the North are far more willing to spend whatever money they may have. As such, we are convinced that we should be there, hence the two projects of Zhongjie Road and Doumugong. We are also studying other cities in the region.
Chinese leaders have long recognized the need to close the wealth gap between the coast and the inland. While advocating that some Chinese must get rich first, Mr. Deng Xiaoping as the master architect of the country s economic reforms sought to raise the standard of living for all 1.3 billion citizens. After 20 years of economic opening mostly along the coast, the late 1990 s saw the beginning of efforts to develop the Great West. In 199? Chongqing was enlarged and given provincial status, reporting directly to the central government.
In 2000, the first Western Forum of China was held in Chengdu, capital of Sichuan Province and I was one of the opening speakers.
A year later, the event moved to Xian, capital of Shaanxi Province.
These choices of cities by Beijing speak clearly of the foci of the push to develop the West.
We have been studying these cities for years and countless trips have been made. So far we have not succeeded but I am hopeful that something may yet open up. There are two or three other interesting cities in the region which we are also exploring.
Finally, the densely populated six provinces in South Central China Shanxi, Henan, Hubei, Hunan, Anhui and Jiangxi with a total population of over 350 million have been left behind economically not unlike the Great West. The central government will no doubt sooner than later turn its attention to this region.
There are a few economically vibrant cities and we are working on three including Changsha.
A critical question everywhere is: how to make ourselves the outside investor of choice to local governments in land acquisitions. We do have some unique competitive advantages in this regard.
First, we have two huge, highly visible and extraordinarily successful developments in Shanghai Plaza ?? and The Grand Gateway. They are our best marketing tools. Looking around the entire country, municipal leaders can hardly find other developers with projects that approach ours in quality in terms of design, management and profitability. Most mayors want us to duplicate them in their cities.
Secondly, all of our designs are invariably spectacular. My belief from day one is that China deserves the best. One should not build according to the mainland s per capita income of today or according to the prevailing sense of aesthetics. That was exactly what we did in Shanghai in the 1990 s and people were surprised. Now they understand and are appreciative. One must be foresighted and build projects for China of the 21st century.
Thirdly, we keep almost all of our developments for rent. That is a commitment which surprises municipal officials and without exception, they like it. To be sure, we have financial considerations for not selling mainly, taxes are a lot lower for rental properties.
However, there are also compelling reasons for municipal governments to prefer us.
Our job is to make our malls and offices highly successful like what we have done in Shanghai where we command the highest rents for both product types. The superb income we enjoy will mean more taxes to the government. Our tenants, especially at our shopping centers, are willing to pay us such rents because we have created an environment where they can sell their products. The high sales volume will also increase taxes to the city. So everyone wins.
At present, our two Shanghai complexes are yielding gross returns of approximately 15% per annum on all-cost-allocated and unleveraged bases. Not counting possible rent appreciation, in three years we will have a total return of over 50%. It is certainly not an everyday event that mainland residential projects for sale can generate those numbers. Even if they do, developers pay taxes once and the city receives no more thereafter. With us, the rental properties are still ours after three years and will continue to generate returns to us and taxes to the city.
Furthermore, by owning our facilities, we must maintain them well and keep improving them to stay competitive. That will ensure that they do not degenerate into urban eyesores. There are all too many such failed projects everywhere and some have even become hotbeds of social ills. Obviously municipal leaders do not like 
To execute such a rental strategy, one must be financially strong. That we are, and city officials know it. And very few others (mostly Hong Kong developers) may have that strength but they may not have the expertise, for none have successful projects to show for it. Moreover, management knows the risks and if comfortable with them, is not afraid to pay and to pay promptly. That too municipal leaders like.
Consequently, as long as we are competitive in land price, we can easily become the preferred purchaser.
Finally, our management style and corporate culture give us a distinct advantage. Mayors of more than a few cities have told us this. We are not a company that is the easiest to deal with. Perhaps more than any local player and our Hong Kong competitors as well, we negotiate all essential details before committing. Many developers like to keep contracts vague thinking that they can gain advantages later. They forget that their counterparty is the government which has the ultimate say. Our way minimizes future unpleasant surprises for both parties, and serious municipal leaders respect us for it.
However, unlike western style companies who only know how to be legalistic, your management blends the best of both worlds rigorously protecting ourselves including through the use of the law as in the West, while respecting Chinese culture and customs. We are diligent and careful yet courteous, respectful, upfront and honest as well. On the surface, Hong Kong companies should have an edge in this regard, but to strike the right balance is much more difficult than 
Our repeated experiences in similar negotiations and in managing mainland commercial complexes have taught us what to insist and what to give. As a result, we can move with lightning speed. Serious municipal officials appreciate it, and the land acquisition in record time for the Doumugong project in Shenyang stands as a testimony 
All these help make us the developer of choice. Of course it does not work everywhere, for if city leaders have agendas not congruent with ours, there is nothing we can do. We will quietly walk away.
I hate to lose good cities but fortunately there are many others in the vast country.

The drop in turnover and profit is due primarily to the exceptionally weak residential market starting in the third quarter of 2005. In September last year, a government land auction generated exceptionally high land prices. That temporarily stimulated home prices and we took advantage of the window to sell some 300 units of AquaMarine. Before long, the residential market fell silent once more. Selling opportunities were not to be seen again for the rest of the fiscal year.
The primary market was particularly affected. Activities have slowed since the beginning of 2004 less than 2?,000 apartments were sold that year, not quite 1?,000 units in 2005, and only 4,200 in the first half of 200?. Price levels had also deteriorated in the last quarter of 2005.
It was exacerbated by repeated and increasingly deeper cuts by a few major developers who perhaps needed to pump up their profit and loss accounts. The result was that potential buyers became skeptical of further price adjustments and consequently stayed away.
Successive interest rate hikes added to the pessimism. Changes in interest spread also did not help. At the beginning of 2005, mortgages were at prime minus 2.?5%; less than twelve months later, they stood at prime minus 2.25%. In that period, the prime rate moved from 5% to ?.?5%, meaning that mortgages more than doubled from 2.25% to 5.50%.
There were however some positive developments. Coinciding with the fall in primary market transactions which started in early 2004, secondary market activities picked up quite nicely. It is possible that the sales of new units will follow suit. There are already some signs of recovery, an expectation which is boosted by the plateauing of 
The leasing market was much more encouraging. Our total rental income grew by 11% Hong Kong properties by 5% and Shanghai by 2?%. Unit rents increased across the board. Occupancy for the key sectors of retail and offices in Hong Kong held steady. Residential fell but total income actually rose as we switched to higher paying and longer staying tenants. Shanghai facilities, both shops and offices, remain basically fully let. Their rents accounted for 2?% of the Company s total rental revenue. That number stood at 23% a year ago.

When Hang Lung celebrates its 50th anniversary four years from now, it will look substantially different from what it is today and what it has been since its founding. We have always been a Hong Kong based company and will remain so for the foreseeable future. However, as new mainland projects are completed, we will also become China s leading commercial real estate developer, owner and manager.
Once we complete the twelve planned projects, and together with the two highly successful complexes in Shanghai, we should own approximately 3 million square meters of the best commercial space in several of the most dynamic cities around the country.
If our Shanghai experience is any indication, then the HK$30 billion or so in new investments should yield rental profits which will easily exceed those from Hong Kong. This unreasonably assumes no further new projects beyond the twelve. As long as the Chinese economy remains steady, we should do very well.
Moreover, with shopping malls as our lead product on the mainland, to some extent we can be viewed as a consumer spending company rather than as a pure property firm. Real estate is the means to tap fast rising Chinese consumption just as a clothing or cosmetics manufacturer and retailer benefit from the country s spending explosion. I can think of few better businesses to be in than to ride the wave of the rising Chinese middle class.
In this regard, to be a commercial property owner has distinctive attractions. We do not have to worry about distribution networks like foreign retailers do. (In business matters, Hong Kong firms are considered foreign on the mainland.) We can put our projects in almost any city we want. We have little issue with product obsolescence faced by manufacturers and shop owners, as long as we design and manage our facilities well. Price competition is also manageable if we build the right product in the best locations as we are doing. In the coming eight to ten years, we are building such a franchise, and once completed, it will bring as desirable a stream of rental income as annuities.
If the prospect is so promising, why is everyone not pursuing it? First, few people view the real estate business as needing a clearly defined and well articulated strategy. We disagree. From our first day in the mainland market, we have a definitive strategy which can of course be adjusted if necessary in response to market developments.
Phase one was to concentrate on Shanghai. That we have executed successfully, frankly beyond our original expectations. The build out of The Grand Gateway recently and of Plaza ?? at the end of this year will bring this phase to a close.
Initial success in Shanghai several years ago raised the question in the minds of management: what shall we do next? Sizable expected cash flow from the sales of Hong Kong residential projects, as well as the apparent lack of new opportunities in our home city that promise reasonable returns, contributed to the urgency in our thinking. We began to travel the breadth and length of the country which led to a definitive strategy.
Last year we decided to make it public in my letter to shareholders, and I have expanded upon it in this writing. Frankly we fail to see many Hong Kong property companies that have well articulated plans for the mainland market.
Secondly, we are in China for the long haul. Renting properties without selling them is quite rare on the mainland. Most local developers need to turn their capital by selling or even pre-selling before project completion. So far we have hardly seen any company with our long term horizon. As noted above, it is partially this willingness not to sell which makes us the government s preferred land purchaser. That means we often do not have any competitor.
Moreover, with the fast developing stock exchanges on the mainland, not to mention the possibility of using the Hong Kong andor overseas capital markets, it is increasingly possible to monetize our projects. We do not have such plans for the near future, but it is always good to know that it can be done.
Thirdly, it is extremely difficult to adequately execute our strategy.
There is a lot of know-how involved from site selection to conceptual and detail design, and from the management of government relations to that of tenants. Perhaps surprising to some, and not unlike manufacturing, management must be very disciplined.
mainland China is not the easiest place to do business, and the only thing that is constant, it seems, is change. No wonder why one can hardly name a nationwide successful real estate company especially in commercial developments.
One of the biggest misconceptions today in China (as in other fast developing economies) is that doing real estate projects is easy. Perhaps it is, but doing it successfully is very difficult. Just witness the many monstrous and practically empty buildings in almost every major metropolis. Inasmuch as their presence is bad for the cities, it does mean that at least for now, competition is light.
Given the many necessary success factors, quality of management becomes critical. I am gratified to report that now we have an excellent team. With William Ko and Estella Ng joining the board last year, I like to think that as a group we are as good as any in the business. The five senior executives complement each other and work well together. We are supported by many capable staff, but for the new mainland projects, we still need to quickly beef up local management capabilities. As mentioned last year, this is a challenge and we are working hard at it.
Some have asked if the recent tightening of the real estate market by the central government has affected us. We are obviously following the situation closely but so far there has been no impact on us. Beijing is rightly reining in residential prices in a number of cities but we do not play in that space.
To further strengthen our competitiveness, I should mention that your management is very mindful of the need to conserve energy.
Environmental friendliness is in accordance with government policies, and just as importantly, is good business. We have all reasons to design our new projects with conservation in mind. Energy on average accounts for almost 22% of the total cost of running our commercial complexes, and we are constantly striving to lower it by designing and managing more smartly.
Back in Hong Kong, I am again hopeful that we will sell more residential units in the present fiscal year. In the past month or so, the primary market seems to have picked up somewhat. With interest rate hikes apparently approaching the end of this cycle, there are reasons for cautious optimism. We will also look to buy land locally. Recently we have signed up a luxury residential site and hope to do more.
The rental market is expected to be a repeat of the past fiscal year, namely, rise gently in Hong Kong and sharply in Shanghai. Slated for completion end of this year, the second office tower in Plaza ?? while pre-leasing well, will not contribute significantly to the bottom line until the next fiscal year.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, next year should see better results.
The main item to watch is the sales of residential units in Hong Kong.
Ronnie C. Chan 
