CHAIRMAN S LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Ronnie C. Chan 
Turnover for the year ended June 30, 2011 retreated by 57.2% to HK$5,164 million. Net profit attributable to shareholders fell by 75.4% to HK$5,792 million. Earnings per share was HK$1.33 representing a drop of 76.6% from the previous year.
While we decided not to release residential flats to the market, our property leasing business performed well and recorded a 13.5% increase in rental income to HK$5,161 million. Operating profit therefrom grew 12.6% to HK$4,194 million.
When excluding all the effects of revaluation gain, the underlying net profit fell by 58.9% to HK$2,741 million. Similarly, underlying earnings per share decreased to HK$0.63.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK54 cents per share which is the same as the year before. If approved by shareholders, total dividends per share for the full year will remain the same as last year although our capital base has increased by 7% due to the share placement last November.

Because management did not deem market conditions hot enough, we did not sell any completed apartments in Hong Kong.
As a result, profit only came from rental which explains the fall.
Two years ago we experienced exactly the same. Nevertheless, just like that time, investment properties have performed well with almost all property types in both Hong Kong and the Mainland recording increases at satisfactory levels.
45% of total rent is contributed by the Mainland operation while the rest is from our home market. With the exception of Hong Kong serviced apartments which are insignificant to us, all product types everywhere remained basically full.
Growth rates for rental turnover and profit were very similar to those at mid-year. We received 14% more rents than the year before, with Hong Kong properties coming in at 8% and Mainland properties at 21%. In our home market, both retail and offices turned in a 7% rise while other buildings advanced by 15%.
In Shanghai, the five star mall Plaza 66 continued a fast pace growth at 28% while the four star Grand Gateway 66 increased by 13%. From information at hand, it is likely that the same top brands in the former generate at least two to three times more sales than their other stores in the same city. Although office rents received from Plaza 66 went up slightly, competition remains severe. It would be unrealistic to expect meaningful growth say in the next two years. Turnover at Shenyang Palace 66 met the 
Rental margin in Hong Kong rose to almost 83% while that on the Mainland fell slightly to 80%. The latter was anticipated since the addition of any new facility will have that effect. Profit contribution for the one year old Shenyang Palace 66 was still limited but will improve. This is the nature of the business.
We have changed the name The Grand Gateway to Grand Gateway 66. In daily usage, it can be simply Gateway 66.
This is to unify the brand and the logo, for even many Shanghai residents do not know that this popular mall and the legendary Plaza 66 have a common owner. One marvel of goodwill and brand equity is that not only will they not diminish when shared, they in fact grow. As Grand Gateway 66 moves further upscale, the association with what is considered by many to be the most prestigious luxury shopping center in the country can only help.
It is interesting to compare our Shanghai malls with our Hong Kong shops in terms of productivity defined as sales per unit space. On average Plaza 66 is twice as productive as Grand Gateway 66. Whereas our best retail space in Hong Kong (in Mongkok district) is still two times more productive than the average of Plaza 66, the top brands in the latter are in the stratosphere! They can be almost four times more productive than our Hong Kong best and ten times that of Queensway Plaza, one of our busiest malls in terms of footfall.
Another way to look at Shanghai s amazing luxury market is that the shopping center at Plaza 66 now generates annual sales which is some 26% more than that of Grand Gateway 66 although the latter has almost twice the leasable space. Yet the higher sales is accomplished by a footfall which on average is only 11% that of the bigger facility. That illustrates how different the clienteles are - - one boasts high net worth clients while the other excels in the huge number of shoppers. It is indeed impressive that Grand Gateway 66 now has almost 80 million visitors each year! That may be a record for any mall in Shanghai and perhaps even in the 
A unique measure used by the Shanghai government to measure commercial activities of a building complex is the tax collected through all activities associated with it. For example, a company with headquarters in one of our office towers will have all the taxes it pays accrued to that complex. Official records show that some RMB2.4 billion of taxes were paid by our tenants and ourselves at Plaza 66 and over RMB1.7 billion at Grand Gateway 66. The fact that we can generate more than RMB4 billion of taxes annually from our two Shanghai properties is an astonishment to municipal officials everywhere. Several of them from other cities have told me that they would be pleased if Hang Lung were to build in their city and pay them a fraction of that.
Such numbers help build our brand in China.
The huge 171,000 sq.m. shopping center Jinan Parc 66 is fully leased up. We achieved that six months ahead of the August 26, 2011 official opening. Even without factoring in sales rent which for a new facility should be minimal, the initial unleveraged gross return on invested capital will likely exceed all our previous experiences. For reasons explained in detail in my letter to shareholders a year ago, Shenyang Palace 66 barely matched the opening yield of our two Shanghai properties when they hit the market over a decade ago. I would not be surprised if Parc 66 will in the first year do 50% better. I will leave the explanation to after the new mall is opened and after actual numbers are in. Suffice it to say here that with all space leased at pleasing rents, the omen is auspicious indeed.
Some shareholders may remember that we have been working on a site in Changsha for over six years. For tactical reasons, we even announced the possible transaction back in 2006. However, in January this year the piece was auctioned by the municipal government and we lost it. To me it was a disappointing but not necessarily a sad outcome.
Firstly, the winning bid was obviously higher than what we were willing to pay. Another reason was that instead of the plot ratio we discussed with the city, it was eventually raised to a much higher level thus cramming a lot of buildable space onto the limited plot of land. Several office towers and perhaps a hotel will have to be built. The top location notwithstanding, it would have become more difficult to design a world class complex which could command the highest rent.
The fact that there are three existing high rise residential buildings on the island site is not ideal from a design perspective. However, we would have been willing to live with them if not for another uncertainty relating to the plot. It sits on what was the original city center when Changsha was founded some 2,500 years ago.
When its neighboring piece was developed some time ago, many valuable cultural relics were unearthed. It was a lot easier to deal with such an issue then, but not now. So all things considered, we exercised discipline in our bidding. The chapter is now closed.
This brings me to what I consider the most critical event of the past year. It relates to the serious change in the competitive landscape which I touched upon six months ago. Even more has happened since which may affect our business for years to come.
If the change of Managing Directorship exercised my mind the most a year ago, this new market reality has had the same effect in the past 12 months. The fortunate thing is that my previous problem was most satisfactorily resolved through the coming on board of Mr. Philip Chen. I trust that the present difficulty will also in time be overcome.
Once Philip decided to join, I told him that his most critical task was to buy land on the Mainland. Over a year has passed and my views have evolved. It now seems possible that we may not do that for another year or two. I may be proven wrong (and it will not be the first time) for the market may yet change suddenly.
Irrespectively, we will still push ahead on many potential land acquisitions. If we do not, there will be no possibility to conclude transactions once the market becomes favorable again. That was exactly our experience in early 2009 - - two plots we had been negotiating for some time suddenly came to fruition once liquidity dried up for our competitors and perhaps also for the sellers, i.e.

In the past I had written about Mainland home builders invading the space of commercial real estate. Many reasons were presented which I will not repeat here. Suffice it to say that a good number of developers have apparently come around to our views regarding the residential sector - - volatile markets, lack of recurrent income, government intervention, and high taxes, just to name a few.
It is said that contributing to the shift, albeit in a very small way, is the so called Hang Lung Phenomenon. Many developers on the Mainland have in the past years noticed our achievements and tried to emulate them. Our assessment that few will succeed will not stop them. Property arms of huge state-owned enterprises as well as large non-government owned real estate companies are entering the fray to supplement their residential projects. A few Hong Kong players have recently turned aggressive in the same space thus further crowding the field.
Then came the game changer. In February this year, the Central Government announced the building of 36 million units of subsidized or social housing for sale or rent over the next five years. In 2011 alone, 10 million apartments must begin construction. After years of managing demand and failing, Beijing now feels obliged to address the supply side as well. It is one thing to provide a massive amount of land for the private sector to build apartments whose sales prices are restricted by land lease from the government; it is quite another for the municipalities to build and sell themselves. Their respective effects on the market are very different.
Even if the government does not accomplish all it sets out to do, there is no denying that to a residential developer, this equates to a serious shrinkage of the pie. In 2010, the entire new stock of commercially built residential units numbered 9.3 million, but next year alone, the government may complete 10 million apartments, 40% of which could be for lease. Given present statistics of slightly over three people to a dwelling, 36 million units in the next five years mean that they will house over 110 million residents.
This is some 17% of all city dwellers on the Mainland! No wonder so many home builders are moving into the commercial property 
This will undoubtedly drive up commercial land prices. A country already full of substandard malls and offices will see even more of the same. Many will eventually fail but that will not deter developers. Due partly to their weak financial positions as well as a desire to churn their capital, almost all such buildings will be cut up into small units and sold, often before completion. History everywhere shows that once condominiumized, the condition of such already poorly designed facilities can only quickly deteriorate.
China will inevitably become - - if it has not already become so - - a country of junk malls and junk offices. This is a tremendous waste of resources, land and building materials, and will condemn Chinese cities and their citizens to such visual pollution.
In a later section, I will discuss Hang Lung s response to this new 
At mid-year, I wrote about two events that took place during the first half of the fiscal year - - breaking ground at Dalian Olympia 66 last September and the share placement last November.
Rationale for the latter was clearly enunciated and I will not repeat it here. There is however one other development which bears 
Since the rule changed exactly a year ago, we began to accumulate Renminbi. So far we have bought about RMB20 billion worth. At times we were one of the biggest purchasers in the open market. None of this is for speculation; we never do that. Rather the acquisitions are for capital expenditure needs.
In the coming three years, we will spend approximately RMB15 billion in construction on the Mainland. This does not take into consideration land that we may purchase. Judging from recent transactions, to spend RMB5 billion in a day for that is rather easy! Moreover, we always hold on to our completed projects for long term rent rather than for a quick sale. That means returns will come in slowly though surely. Yet construction must be paid for upfront in sums far exceeding the annual rent intake. This is especially true in the earlier years of a completed complex. So although strictly speaking we do not have a currency mismatch - - both outgoings and rents received are in Renminbi - - there is a time gap. Consequently, management with blessing from your Board decided to buy now what we need. After all, most people believe that at least in the coming year or so, the chance of that currency going up is greater than the chance of its fall. Interest from Renminbi deposits is also higher than for Hong Kong dollars.
One argument against acting so is that present regulations on the Mainland make transmitting offshore Renminbi onshore difficult if not impossible. But even in the worst case scenario where we have to reconvert Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars before sending into the Mainland, we are still ahead because of the deposit rate differential. What we may gain in currency appreciation will be a 
This is not to mention our belief that Renminbi deregulation is ongoing. China now has perhaps too much foreign currency and Beijing does not like to see its own rise too fast. Consequently, it is plausible that one day soon, outside companies will be allowed to directly wire in Renminbi. As it so happened, in one of our projects permission to do just that was recently granted. This is not yet a national phenomenon, but that possibility is definitely there.
As I told shareholders when we went through management succession a year ago, the Company was undergoing a major shift. We are moving from a two city operation to a national one with multiple locations. We were never an operation intensive company, but with the construction of two million square meters of high end commercial complexes in the coming decade or so, the orientation of management will by necessity change. For years we prided ourselves as being a lean company with one of the highest per staff profits - - last year on average each employee contributed about HK$10 million to the bottom line of over HK$23 billion. Now our staff count will increase by 10-20% per annum for the coming few years.
The first step to prepare for the change is to find a leader who is strong in operational management. That is the single most critical decision and we are fortunate to have secured the service of Philip. After his first full year as Managing Director, I am pleased to report that we have found the right person.
Philip has quickly picked up the real estate industry specific knowledge which frankly is not difficult. He has worked expeditiously to build out a stronger management team. At the top, so far we have five Executive Directors (ED s) including the Chairman and the Managing Director. Two were promoted internally in 2010 - - one before Philip joined and one after.
Of the six original Assistant Directors (AD s), two were elevated as mentioned and one resigned. Adding to the three remaining AD s, three were promoted from within and we hired four from the outside making a total of ten. To round out the leadership team, we need one more ED and candidates are being interviewed.
Once appointed, he or she will be the only ED, not counting our Managing Director, who is not home-grown. Whatever the case, by that time the six ED s plus ten AD s will together form the very heart of the organization who should be able to continue delivering satisfactory results to shareholders.
As reported in previous letters to shareholders, we have been hiring many senior managers and managers to meet the varied needs of the expanding business. Like ED s and AD s, they are all stock option holders of the Company. We started with thirty- eight when we first bought land outside of Shanghai in early 2005; now the number stands at ninety-eight. I present a few statistics just to give some indication of what changes have taken place.
Beyond mere numbers, much is being done to shape and coalesce the team to make it even more effective.
Management system wise, many improvements and adjustments are being made. Weaknesses have been identified and measures to augment or even alter have been put in place or set in motion.
For example, we now have - - or in some cases, soon will have - - better systems in internal auditing, budgeting and review, IT, and corporate communications, just to name a few. In many respects, we are now a better Company than we were a year ago.
With a new leader, we also benefit from a set of unbiased eyes. Things that have always been may need reexamination.
Questioning long traditions and challenging existing concepts, precepts and procedures can bring desirable changes. All in all, Philip s many contributions are already bearing tangible fruits.
Much more needs to be done and we will take advantage of the next year or two to complete the tasks.
I recognize that management issues are not of immediate concern to many investors. Rather, one could not but notice that in the past, every time we bought land on the Mainland, our share price went up. However, we will never pander to such short term desires of some. We are here to maximize sustainable, longer term, risk-adjusted returns to shareholders. With that objective, all management improvements make sense.
Some may even sell our shares upon hearing my assessment that the likelihood of land acquisition is not high for the next year or two. My response is of course: go right ahead. We cannot stop such action anyway. However, we really do not mind because when our share price reaches certain lower limits, our parent Hang Lung Group always buys. In fact, in recent months it started to do just that as evidenced in a public filing.

To know how to respond to the new competitive environment, we need to learn from history. A good place to begin is fourteen years ago at the onset of the Asian Financial Crisis which coincided with Hong Kong s return to her Motherland.
If one were to use 2010 year-end share prices of all major publicly listed local Hong Kong property companies and work backwards for four to fourteen years inclusive, our total return (share price performance plus dividend paid) or that of our parent Hang Lung Group has been the best in all but one year. That time we came in a close second. (In the past three years, we have done acceptably though not as stellarly as a few others.) It s even more impressive if one uses the market peak of 1997 say June 30 as a base and moves forward until June 30 this year. In all but one year, your Company has been the top performer in total return. More often than not, Hang Lung Group came in second. We achieved all this while already being among the biggest players.
The question is: how did we achieve that? The answer should shed light on the path forward. A critical success factor is I believe our timing the market as well as anyone. In fact we are religious in acting only according to what the market tells us. If you will, we respect the market more than most if not all - - we only buy when we think the market is down and we only sell when we think the market is high. Yes, a year ago I wrote that unlike many of our competitors, the Hang Lung way to grow and so being our corporate mindset is always to rely on knowhow, experience and hard work. We do not merely count on price movements to make money. That is true, but it is also true that we time the market and time it well. Our past shows that we are extraordinarily disciplined about it. Consider the following historic fact which even the most sophisticated of our investors may find surprising.
In the past twenty years, our ability to deliberately stay out of the market was uncanny. (For ease of communication, all the dates presented below are approximations.) For the three years between 1992 and 1994, we purchased many properties in Hong Kong and Shanghai. As our home market heated up ahead of the City s return to China, we for the next four years from 1995 to 1998 refrained from buying. That was one of several ways we prepared ourselves so well ahead of the Asian Financial Crisis. (In the past, I had written this to shareholders in some detail.) Even after the trouble started in July 1997, we still kept ourselves away for another twenty-one months. Once the time we deemed appropriate arrived, we acquired land. We did it in the absence of competition throughout 1999 and 2000. Then we stopped for another four years from 2001 to 2004. Between 2005 and 2006, we quietly snapped up large tracts of top located commercial land in second tier Mainland cities when no one was looking. When that market heated up, we stopped for two years. That was in 2007 and 2008. As I often say, thank God for the global economic tsunami which began in 2008. It provided us with an excellent opportunity to acquire land in 2009. From the last purchase made in May that year, it has now been another two plus years in which we bought nothing.
It is highly doubtful that there is another real estate company anywhere that is like us - - buying for three years, stopping for four years, buying for two, stopping for four, buying for two, stopping for two, buying for one and having stopped again now for over two years. As I have said to some institutional investors, many years shareholders pay me a salary for doing nothing - - in terms of not acquiring new material for our business. But it is precisely by knowing when not to buy that one will know when to buy. It is after all not the acquisition of land that brings shareholders return; it is purchasing the right plot at the right time and at the right price 
We do not only time our market entrance, i.e. acquisitions, we also time our market exits, i.e. when to sell. Those familiar with our history know that in the market peak of 1997, we parted with certain investment properties at great profit. In more recent years, we have also been known to hold on to our completed Hong Kong apartments selling only at very hot market conditions to maximize profit. So far we have repeatedly called the market correctly.
I firmly believe that it is this disciplined approach to reading the cycles - - or respecting the market, if you will - - that is a major factor for our past successes. Recognizing the immutable nature of real estate cycles, there is no reason to change. We will continue to do the only sensible thing - - buy low and sell high.
It is important to mention here that Hang Lung is in the business for the long term. The industry demands that orientation, for real estate cycles are relatively long. Only with such a mindset will a practitioner allow himself or herself the time to capitalize on market movements. Cycles can bankrupt players, usually those with a short term outlook, and yet the same cycles are precisely what make others successful.
Because property cycles are in general long, getting them correct or not may not be obvious to all in the short run, but time will surely tell. Similarly, buying land expensively does not necessarily mean that one will lose money, for prices may continue to climb for some time. Nevertheless, the risks that are assumed may not make the acquisition prudent. There will be little or no cushion when prices eventually fall.
There is of course the possibility that since China is on a systemic up swing, even future market corrections may not see property prices fall to one s entry cost. That is however a dangerous assumption. Japan s land prices for example had been basically rising for four decades until 1989. However, there were still sizable fluctuations within that mega growth trend. The early 1970 s for example saw property prices drop significantly.
Moreover, China today is very different from Japan of the post- World War II era. The geopolitical condition then was unlike that of nowadays. The present prevailing global economic condition is as well much more complicated and fragile than in the decades past, as modern finance continues to wreak havoc on the system. Then somewhat unique to China, these days there are considerable uncertainties within that society which cause serious concerns. All that tends to make cycle amplitudes shorter than before and magnitudes greater than before. If so, then buying opportunities may sooner rather than later appear.
One argument against our not chasing prices is that given Hang Lung s strategy of only buying the best located commercial land, some such plots will practically be alienated from us forever.
My answer is as follows: the consequences of being stuck with expensive land are far worse than missing a few good pieces.
After all, China is huge with many economically dynamic cities in which we can play. Moreover, by keeping our powder dry, we should be able to purchase much more when the market falls. That was the case in Hong Kong in 1999-2000 and on the Mainland in 2009.
As all experienced business executives know, some mistakes are especially expensive and must be avoided at all costs. Since land is such a major element in the real estate business, its prudent acquisition can make or break a company. History is full of such incidents, and we in Hong Kong should know it particularly well.
Even if a firm is not broken, its future prospects can be seriously dampened. Let me illustrate by drawing from Hang Lung s past.
Throughout the 1960 s, we were perhaps the fastest growing real estate company in Hong Kong. By some measures, we might even have been the second largest by the middle of the decade.
Yet we totally misread the market in the 1970 s. When buying land aggressively was the right thing to do, we did almost nothing. By 1981-82, management tried to catch up and bought much land only to be caught out by the precipitous fall of 1983-84. Like anyone who has survived an ordeal with extreme difficulties - - such as reaching the brink of bankruptcy - - we were psychologically unprepared if not financially unable to grab opportunities that accompanied market recovery starting in the mid 1980 s. Thus we missed the twenty golden years of Hong Kong real estate. We fell from being one of the largest in the 1960 s to an also-ran when I took over the Company in 1991.
What has happened since makes for a meaningful case study and it encourages us to stay the course in face of today s new 
Using year-end share prices for market capitalization calculations and starting in 1994 with Hong Kong s nine largest listed property counters--that year Hang Lung Group ranked number ten - - your Company has advanced consistently. Properly timing the market is again a key success factor. Before 1997, we were basically the eighth in market size. Between 1997 and 1999, we were number seven. Then for six years we occupied the sixth spot. In 2006 we rose to number five, in 2007 to number four and since 2008 to number three until the last week of 2010. (A company overtook us at 2010 year-end.) Comparing ourselves to the three largest property players of the 1990 s also yields interesting findings. The biggest distance between us and each of them came in 19992000. At that point, the investing public apparently began to recognize our series of correct decisions in the previous decade. Since then, the gaps between us have consistently narrowed. Whereas they were respectively 12 times, 10 times and 4.5 times our size then, now they are 1.7 times, 2 times and 0.7 times our size. All three of them have grown nicely since 2000, but we have grown much faster. Putting it in graphic terms, our growth curve was far 
Will the gap with the two players consistently larger than us continue to shrink? It will depend on how steep our growth curves are. What will also make a real difference is if one makes a serious blunder. The law of compounding dictates that to then catch up will be doubly difficult. But even without major mistakes, the gradient of the curve is significant. It seems innocuous enough but if the differential between two players is wide yet the gradient is consistently in favor of the smaller one, then over time the gap will close, as illustrated by our past experience.
To have a steadily steeper climb, one must do the right thing at all times. Buying land at high prices may flatten the curve. This is why we unlike certain competitors do not chase prices. They may well make money but we prefer to wait for better opportunities.
Cycles are inevitable and we keep our nerves steady. We try not to jump the market prematurely. The patient will in the end win.
To be sure, the mindset of your management is never to compete with other players. We only respond to the market and not so much to what others may or may not be doing. Strive to always do the right thing vis--vis the market and it will eventually reward you.
Our history of catching up in the past two decades attests to that.
I suspect that many people conceptually agree with our modus operandi. However, how few there are who actually practice it! And the fewer there are who do, the tougher it is to stick to it. It is a lonely road. Unspokenly, almost all of us like to follow the crowd; it is uncomfortable to be different.
There will also be many controversial views from the investing public. One who dares to practice what we do is liable of being accused of many things, the most benign of which will be to have missed opportunities. That we are accustomed to hearing. From 1995 to mid 1997, many international institutional investors faulted us for being conservative. Eventually, one of the world s biggest investment management companies told people that I was plain lazy. But lazy we were not, for to not act (such as not buying land) can be - - and in our case, is - - in itself a most deliberate act! It is not brainless inaction; it is a calculated course of action.
It turned out that back in 1995 to mid 1997, we in fact did a lot.
The only thing we did not do was to buy land. Instead we sold matured investment properties; we traded shorter dated debt with longer ones; and we tapped the capital market to raise equity. All such actions went unnoticed; instead, many derided us for not acquiring land like our competitors. Our share price suffered and we became the laughing-stock of the market - - until the Asian Financial Crisis struck. All contempt ceased, and your management alone, it seemed, was smiling. By and by, we were joined by a few shrewd investors who stealthily collected our shares. We in turn ended up purchasing some of Hong Kong s best pieces of land for a song. Eventually these shareholders of ours made a lot of money and so did we. Even today we are still benefitting from the aftermath.
With hindsight, the Asian Financial Crisis gave us our biggest break; it was a turning point for our shares which have not looked back. The global economic tsunami of 2008 and 2009 provided us with a similar, albeit smaller, opportunity to buy Mainland land on the cheap. We should have been able to win much bigger but as I have explained before, a tactical decision on the part of the Chinese government prevented us. There is no doubt in my mind that in time, other opportunities will arise. We just have to be 
Some say that Hang Lung s strategy is countercyclical. I only agree to some extent, for there are times that we must go with the flow. For example, whereas we may hold back for some time from selling Hong Kong apartments, sooner or later we will join the crowd. Once the crescendo created by the competitors is loud enough, we will strike. It is just that we usually catch the apex of a trend, i.e. the end of an up cycle. As such, our courtship with the crowd is by definition short-lived. Most of the time the market does not even notice us. So be it, for we are happy to take our money and once again disappear from public sight. Back at home, preparation begins for the next assault, the timing of which we will not know beforehand. To the outside world, we do nothing again. We simply wait.
The fact is that it takes a lot to wait. Perhaps more courage is required for that than for action. Having a lot of cash on hand like we do is an easy way to make mistakes. Few can withstand the temptation, for it is all too easy for itchy hands to buy. Imagine what it is like to sit on your hands for four years. Our supporters say that it takes courage and self confidence which can only come 
The truth however is that we can never have enough conviction, for who but God knows about tomorrow! In fact, your management is full of self doubt rather than self confidence. We constantly debate internally if the external environment might not have changed so much that it calls for a different path. We engage our Non-Executive Directors in dialog, especially those who have operated on Mainland China. We strive to understand the many factors inside and outside of China which may alter the face of the country or of our industry.
As I sometimes think, I am neither the CEO, CFO, CRO (risk), CTO (technology) nor CMO (marketing) of the company but the CPO or Chief Political Officer. Here there are no experts; frankly there can be none. We can only do our best drawing upon observations, experiences and analyses and hope that we get it right. China is not exactly a purely market driven economy. Policy changes can come swiftly and unannounced. In face of such an environment, we all must be humble. There is no courage to speak of. We are driven as much by the fear of mistakes and failures as by the desire to succeed.
From the outside, we look good - - we have done well in the past two decades. Today we are sitting on a commercial land portfolio that is perhaps second to none - - some of the best pieces at the lowest unit cost. What is the real price of that? A tormented management which is full of self doubt. The environment is changing too fast for comfort. At the end, all we can rely on is our reading of human nature. As long as that does not change - - and it cannot change - - then whether in economics or politics, there will be cycles. For it is human nature - - particularly greed and fear - - which makes waves and cycles in the world. That is the ultimate conviction that we have. We do not only deem ourselves insignificant when confronting the market, even more so we consider ourselves helpless in face of human nature. Never fight the market or human nature; just try to understand them and go along with them. In the long run, only such will win, and only such will survive. I trust that Hang Lung will be one of them. After all, our Company name in Chinese means sustained prosperity. May it be so! From the perspective of catching cycles, an individual practitioner may only encounter six or seven sizable ones in one s entire career. Get those right and one will be highly successful. The rest of the time is mainly a waiting game. Those who are too smart and frequently jump in and out of the market will run the risk of being whacked by it. History tends to prove that it is far wiser to only try to capture the big movements. This is not unlike surfing - - much of the time is spent paddling against the tide and waiting for the big wave. Surfing every little one may cause you to miss the mega one. And at Hang Lung, we are patient and go for the kill.
For the past twenty years, we have done it well and it is truly fun.
While waiting, there is much that we should do; necessary activities fall into two categories. The first is to improve every aspect of management which will enable us to capitalize on the land that we have already purchased. The benefit will go beyond just the projects on hand. The second is to press ahead with land acquisition. It is useful to examine here the prevailing market environment and how we should respond to it.
Outside of Shanghai, so far we are expending about HK$50 billion to build seven projects (including Shenyang Palace 66). Financially speaking we can double that investment amount and still be quite comfortable. However, given the latest market conditions, an equal sum will likely buy a lot less buildable space than we were able to between 2005 and 2009. The relocation of existing tenants which is by far the biggest part of land price has escalated substantially. A plot of land with less buildable square footage than Shenyang Forum 66 can easily cost much more than the total land price we paid for the seven projects on hand. Given the magnitude of infrastructure works in the country, construction costs can also only move up. Thus the trend towards much more expensive developments now seems inevitable.
While we adjust mentally to this new reality, two issues should be kept in mind. The first is that China is not a monolithic place and huge differences exist from city to city. That gives us hope that we may be able to find superb pieces of land at acceptable prices. The second is that the Chinese economy will increasingly rely on domestic consumption as a growth engine (along with exports and public investments mainly in the form of infrastructure developments.) As Premier WEN Jiabao told the nation earlier this year, the average salary will increase by at least 13% per annum for the coming few years. Disposable income especially of city dwellers can only rise rapidly and citizens are encouraged to spend. For us, this should somehow compensate for the higher costs of new projects and hopefully still gives us a healthy return 
After much study, we have come to the conclusion that our Mainland strategy of the past two decades should still be the winning formula for the coming many years. What may need adjustment in response to periodic changes to the market is our tactic. That we will do. In fact we are already experimenting with a few models and I am hopeful that some pleasing results will follow.

There is no denying that in the past year we have turned even more cautious. Besides changes in the Mainland competitive environment as described earlier, there are other reasons to slow down land acquisition in the near term. In recent years, there have been social developments which have become increasingly worrisome. Anything can happen which means that there are considerable uncertainties in the system. So when in doubt, it is better to wait. That may just be simple prudence. Let us hope that nothing untoward will happen, but if it does, we will not be stuck with expensive land. Prices will likely fall and we should be able to pick up some good pieces on the cheap.
Both the domestic and international economies leave much to be desired. Continued weakness in the U.S. and Europe will sooner or later affect China s exports. Within its own border, inflation has been rampant; official figures do not begin to tell the true picture.
The rise in the price of food stuff is particularly alarming. Like everywhere else, economic woes have a way of being translated into societal troubles. The ubiquity of technology will almost ensure contagion. All these seem to indicate that the risks today may be greater than the potential reward.
There are also industry specific concerns. For years now the Central Government and the developers have had very different opinions regarding the effects of government regulations on the real estate market. So far the latter seem to have had the upper hand in that prices have continued to climb. However, societal voices of discontent on high prices together with serious inflation are forcing the powers that be to take increasingly stronger measures. A clear proof is the social housing scheme mentioned earlier. Unless there are drastic new developments, we do not see how the government will lightly let up the pressure, for stable prices are critical to maintaining the all important social harmony.
Two things then may happen to the property market.
In the fourteen months prior to this May, twenty-three Mainland developers alone borrowed over HK$120 billion from the debt market in Hong Kong. Two thirds are for five years or shorter and some as high as 14% per annum interest rates. This is but one source of debt creation and these borrowers are usually stronger companies since they are publicly listed and are regional if not national players. Many more local operators are struggling for funding at costs that are not sustainable, and frankly usurious.
Sooner or later some of these will be bought while others may be allowed to go bankrupt. The latter, especially if there is contagion, will have ripple effects on the entire industry. If so, then I wonder if this is the right time to acquire land.
The other scenario is less dramatic in the short run and will take some time to play out. Namely no firm goes bankrupt or if some do, contagion is contained. Then some of these surviving residential developers will speed up their migration to the commercial side thus intensifying competition in that arena. In some cities, a period of Warring States, to borrow a term from Chinese history, will ensue.
While most of the participants will operate in the space of lower end smaller projects, enough of them, including many subsidiaries of state-owned enterprises, will play in our league - - higher end large facilities in major cities. Whether big or small, there will be severe competition in certain cities. Eventually the weaker ones will be forced out and the sector will consolidate with a smaller number of stronger players remaining.
The determining factors for the battle will be financial strength as well as industry knowhow comprising knowledge and experience.
We are certainly among the strongest in all these areas.
Due to the size of the country - - almost 200 municipalities with a population of over one million - - huge differences exist between them in terms of the degree of development in commercial real estate. We still find excellent metropolises which are for various reasons overlooked by competitors. We will try to buy land there.
Frankly the number of cities with reasonably designed and built complexes is very limited, and fewer yet have severe competition.
Among the hotly contested markets, Shenyang may be the worst.
To be sure, we were among the first to buy top commercial land there but thereafter, local officials sold much more to those who cared to follow in our footsteps. Nevertheless, this will not be the first time that we face competition. When Grand Gateway 66 opened in Xuhui District in Shanghai a little over a decade ago, there were already five or six shopping centers or department stores of size in the immediate neighborhood. The fight was so fierce that one of them which had many locations across the nation threatened their tenants not to open in our facility. But in a few short years, by sheer superiority in product, i.e. design and size, and management, we beat back all competitors. Now players can be divided into two categories - - the winners and the losers. There are two in the former group with Grand Gateway 66 being the clear leader.
In all five cities where we have projects under construction - - Shenyang, Jinan, Wuxi, Tianjin and Dalian - - there is little doubt that we will be an ultimate winner. The only question is how big our win will be. In Shanghai, the score has been settled; it is frankly difficult to find a similar complex which yields half of our annual unleveraged return of about 35% and rising. Similarly in the other cities, our locations are among the very best yet our land costs are a fraction of what they would fetch today. Admittedly our construction is more expensive because we do not sell and are very conscientious about sustainability issues. All things considered, we believe that we should have a healthy return on 
By the time we complete all our Mainland rental properties of almost 2.7 million sq.m. (with Hang Lung Group owning another about 150,000 sq.m. in Grand Gateway 66), the portfolio can only be described as awesome. It should be among the highest yielding of anyone in China. We will be a prime beneficiary of the country s march towards becoming a global economic powerhouse.
While challenges will abound in the process of building out the remaining six projects (not counting Shenyang Palace 66), we may periodically benefit from some tailwind as the government continues to encourage domestic consumption. An earlier event may be the lowering of import duties for luxury goods. Right now approximately 56% of all such purchases are made outside of the Mainland and why should the country drive its citizens overseas to buy? Today a dominant language spoken in stores such as Louis Vuitton and Chanel in Hong Kong, Paris or New York City is already Mandarin Chinese. There may come a time when such import duties collected by China will not be worth the sales tax lost.
When that happens, we will be a key beneficiary.
There are other potentially pleasing developments of which we are less sure. One relates to how land is sold by Mainland municipalities. In the 1990 s, it was done in a most unregulated fashion. As a result, corruption abounded. (That was one of two main reasons why in 1992 we bought in Shanghai and not in certain other cities. It was then the cleanest major market. The other reason is our positive assessment of the city s economic 
Then Premier ZHU Rongji was forced to step in and regulated the land sales procedure. In a word, price is all that matters - - the highest bidder wins. That was a welcome development for it leveled the playing field for honest players like ourselves. But after practicing this for some years, a serious flaw began to surface.
A developer with a total disregard for the environment or little experience in low-carbon projects can beat someone like us if they are willing to pay a dollar more. All things being equal, such a company will always win because their construction will be cheaper, not being burdened by sustainability related expenses.
That means all our experience and extra efforts in this regard are not worth a dollar. This is obviously not reasonable.
Take another example which is less quantitative in nature. Each of our new Mainland projects has received design awards by reputable international organizations. Both the exteriors and interiors are aesthetically pleasing while maintaining excellent functionality. This is in stark contrast to many of our competitors especially those from within the Mainland. What value, if any, is attached to the superior design which usually costs more money and time? The answer is: none.
Frankly such land policies not only do not encourage sustainable development and excellent design; they plainly discourage them. Disincentives for good behavior must stop. Given how keen the Chinese government at least at senior levels is to protect the environment (although there are many constraints in implementation), it is possible that new directives from the top may soon be introduced.
Indeed some city leaders are beginning to recognize the problem and are taking steps to address it. Technically, such issues should be able to be satisfactorily resolved while balancing the needs for financial fairness and corruption prevention. This trend should be welcomed by quality developers like ourselves. Our hope is that changes will come sooner rather than later.
Two years ago I analyzed our recent twenty year history and divided it into three phases of seven years each - - Preparatory, Catch Up and Take Off. I further anticipated that beginning around 2012, we may well enter into a golden era. We will harvest the good efforts since 2005 when we ventured into cities beyond Hong Kong and Shanghai. My confidence was based on five factors - - an experienced team, the brand equity of the Hang Lung name especially on the Mainland, an unmatched track record in Shanghai, an extraordinarily strong balance sheet, and the superb pieces of land acquired between 2005 and 2009. The first four factors will enable us to capitalize on the last thus delivering pleasing financial results. These have also laid a solid foundation for us to succeed beyond the land that we have already purchased.
Looking back over the past two decades, it is abundantly clear that nothing goes in a straight line. Market fluctuations abound and one must react prudently to both peaks and troughs in order to win. So as the fourth 7-year period is about to dawn upon us, we apparently find ourselves in yet another tough market condition - - not in terms of fallen prices but in the abundance of uncertainties.
Such uncertainties come in three levels - - societal, economical and industry-specific, as I have to varying degrees written above.
It is obviously not up to us what the environment will be when we begin our next phase of seven years. But if we are at all worthy of shareholders confidence, then we should know how to act in different kinds of market conditions. I trust that our past has prepared us well for the future. As long as China s economy does not enter into a prolonged period of serious difficulties, we should thrive. But if it does, then we will assess how long it will take for the economy to recover. Whether long or short, in time there will be plenty of good opportunities to buy land for further developments. Speaking selfishly, an economic downturn would not be a bad outcome for our shareholders.
Returning to the immediate term, it is unclear whether we will be able to sell completed apartments in Hong Kong this fiscal year. Even if not, increases in rental income should yield a healthy growth in profit. As the market in Shanghai gradually matures, it is likely that things will slow down a little, but the addition of Shenyang Palace 66 and Jinan Parc 66 will greatly help the top line. In time, the bottom line will follow.
Ronnie C. Chan 
