Chairman front row: Mr. Ronnie Chichung Chan Executive Directors back row from right: Mr. Nelson Wai Leung Yuen, Mr. Wilfred Sai Leung Ho and Mr. Terry Sze Yuen Ng Chairman s Statement To Our Shareholders Results and Dividends For the fiscal year ended 30 June 2003, turnover decreased 10.1% to $2,142.5 million. Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders was $1,010.1 million, 16.3% lower than last year. Earnings per ordinary share was 35 cents, representing a decrease of 16.3% over last year.
Your Board recommends a final dividend of 29 cents per ordinary share and total dividends for the year will be 40 cents per ordinary share. Both are the same as last year.

In my letter to shareholders last year, I devoted considerable coverage to both my short term caution as well as longer term optimism for the real estate industry. At a time which was dark indeed, I suggested a ray of hope . Today I am more confident of that than a year ago. What I could not have anticipated then was that during the spring, Hong Kong, together with the rest of East Asia, would be hit with SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome).
The viral epidemic has further delayed recovery of the industry but is fortunately now behind us. Provided that the outbreak does not reoccur towards the end of the year as some health experts have warned, I believe the worst should be behind us as far as the property sector is concerned.
But for the past 12 months, things were still very difficult. On average, residential prices fell by almost 20%. During the SARS outbreak, property sales were virtually non-existent and rental income was hurt. Being owner of the retail complex right below the worst hit residential estate in Hong Kong, we had to grant free rents, incur expenses to combat the disease, and afterwards to revive the shopping mall. All these were done and done well.
Given market lethargy, we decided to hold back sales of all majority-owned new projects. With a healthy financial position, and unlike a good number of our competitors that have an abundance of money-losing developments, we are not in a hurry to sell. The resolve is further underpinned by our belief that prices should have bottomed, or are at least very close to it. Market trends of late have given us even greater hope.
Occupancy rate for our retail space in Hong Kong was 94.3% and for offices, 91.2%. Total rents collected as well as profit therefrom were both slightly above last year s levels. The picture in Shanghai was considerably more encouraging. It now accounts for about 15% of the group s total rental profit.
A year ago this month, we proposed to shareholders to acquire all the shares of Grand Hotel Holdings (GHH) which was a fellow publicly listed subsidiary of our parent Hang Lung Group. Two months later, the transaction was almost unanimously approved by independent (i.e. non Hang Lung Group) shareholders. On February 25, we completed compulsory acquisition of the remaining shares in GHH which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. On the same day, both A and B shares of GHH were withdrawn from being listed in the Hong Kong Stock 
The rationale for the acquisition was obvious it has always been our desire to expand our rental portfolio. The frustration over the past decade was that few high quality properties were for sale.
The essence of the present transaction was that we purchased at a reasonable price about 65,000 square meters of prime commercial space offices in the case of the former Grand Tower Hotel and service apartments in the case of Grand Plaza Hotel.
Moreover, we already owned the shopping malls at the podiums of the two hotels. The transaction gave us the opportunity to unify title of both buildings. This will facilitate future redevelopment or sale. Conversions from hotel rooms to their respective new usage are now underway.
Much has happened to our operations in Shanghai. In The Grand Gateway, our ownership interest is in the shopping center held for long term investment. Our parent Hang Lung Group on the other hand owns shares in the offices and the residential towers which are for sale.
About a year ago, we decided to build out the project. That entails two office towers totaling 124,000 square meters, the remaining residential block of 32,300 square meters, as well as a service apartment building of almost 20,000 square meters. These will complement our existing shopping mall and one residential tower, giving the entire complex a total floor area of about 310,000 square 
At Plaza 66, we have started to construct the second office block of 81,400 square meters. Once completed in about three years, we will have a total of almost 160,000 square meters of the best offices in Shanghai. Adding to it the retail center, the completed project will have 211,000 square meters.
All of our existing rental space in Shanghai are basically fully let.
We are gratified that both of our projects have become landmarks in that thriving commercial capital of mainland China. The Grand Gateway is not only the biggest but also likely the most frequented shopping center in all of Puxi, the crowded old part of the city where about 85% of its citizens live. The retail mall at Plaza 66 boasts the highest concentration of world renowned fashion brand names probably anywhere in the world. Our tenants are trading well, a fact which is important to both them and us. The office block above is of the highest quality in all of Shanghai and the tenant roster reads like who s-who of global business. Coupled with its prestigious location, rents received are among the highest in the city. In fact, unit rent is at present higher than comparable space in Hong Kong! Equally pleasing is the fact that the holding company of The Grand Gateway has basically locked in the sale of one of the two office towers being built. The purchaser is one of our former joint venture partners in the project. The consideration to be paid to the remaining shareholders is US$124 million cash which should be sufficient to complete the project. The departing partner had further yielded all of its shares in the joint venture company. As a result, our shareholding has risen from 47.25% to 66.28%. This last point means that your Company benefits from the extra rents collected from the shopping mall.
In the past year, we have also paid much attention to improving corporate governance and strengthening management. The Board has established a Nomination and Remuneration Committee in addition to the existing Executive Committee (comprising the four executive directors) and Audit Committee (comprising only non- executive directors). The Board has further decided to increase the number of non-executive directors, although finding appropriate people is not easy. The frequency of board meetings has also risen and will remain that way.
Last September, Mr. Terry S.Y. Ng, our executive director in charge of finance and administration has taken on added responsibility to oversee all rental activities. This was a move contemplated by top management when Terry first joined. I am pleased to welcome Ms. Estella Ng to our senior management team. Coming from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange where she was Senior Vice President, Listing Division, she is now our Assistant Director in charge of finance.
The Company s financial position remains healthy, as we take every opportunity not only to lower our average borrowing cost but also to lengthen loan maturity. We are positioning ourselves for the next round of growth.

Since mid-1997, we have had six tumultuous years. Although we have seen many economic downturns, few can be compared to the present one both in terms of severity and duration. Worse yet, the prolonged political turmoil has seldom been observed in Hong Kong. The only redeeming feature is that whereas Beijing has been disciplined not to meddle in local politics and policies, it is now much more willing to yield to our requests for better economic cooperation, as national leaders watch the weak economy compound our political problems.
For example, as part of the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (or CEPA), Chinese citizens from several wealthy cities and provinces who previously must join groups to visit Hong Kong as tourists, can now come as individuals. They can arrive anytime (for 7 days each trip), and as often as they like. The amount of cash they can bring has been doubled and more. As success of the mall at Plaza 66 in Shanghai testifies, there are many well- to-do mainlanders who can come and help boost our economy.
After only a few weeks of the new policy, Hong Kong is already feeling the impact. Retail in traditional shopping districts such as Mongkok and Causeway Bay where we have a strong presence are especially benefited. There are even rumors that some of the visitors are buying properties. I believe that regulations will have to be relaxed further before such a phenomenon can become 
Nevertheless, we can expect other legislations to be soon enacted which will be beneficial to our industry. Closer physical ties with the mainland will also help. For example, the construction of the first bridge linking our territory s northwest with Shekou in Shenzhen north of the border has just started. It will be completed by 2005. A second and much longer bridge connecting us to Macau and Zhuhai on the west bank of the Pearl River estuary may begin soon. Once completed possibly as early as 2008, it will only take around 20 minutes to cross it. All these are good for our economy as well as theirs.
Not all news, however, are agreeable. While we support most of the government s initiatives announced last November to lift the real estate market, considerable uncertainties have also been introduced. In particular, the decision to stop the sales of government land for 13 months until this December is problematic. Not only are the few of us not stuck with expensive inventory unable to replenish our land banks, longer term planning is also no longer possible. If the government can introduce such market-distorting measures with the stroke of a pen, it can with equal ease prolong them or add new ones. This has strengthened our leaning towards investing more in the mainland, and has contributed to our decision to build out both existing projects in Shanghai. Simultaneously starting three large office towers totaling 205,500 square meters as well as two residential blocks (one of which is a service apartment, as explained before) is not inconsequential. Once completed, we will have almost as much investment properties in Shanghai as in Hong Kong where we have labored for over four decades.
If Hong Kong government policies remain unpredictable, we may do even more in the mainland in the future. Every company has limited financial resources as well as appetite for risks. Once they are exhausted, time will be required to replenish them. This of course does not mean that we will be careless in the mainland or give up Hong Kong. Those who have read my past letters must know that I am extremely cautious in our motherland. We will remain so in the foreseeable future.
As I have written at length last year, management is cautiously optimistic about the longer term future of our industry in Hong Kong. We will as before be patient to wait for good opportunities and will not jump at every short lived market movement. As a result, there may be gaps in our profit from year to year, but hopefully our operations in the mainland will fill at least some of 
In the immediate term, we will concentrate on achieving best results in selling our Hong Kong projects. The next two to three years should be good ones as we hopefully sell into a rising market. In the past decade, few have read the market as accurately as we have, and we have every intention to continue that track record. According to one study, nine developers might have made losses totaling some $60-70 billion if all development projects on hand are sold at today s depressed prices. We are fortunate not to be part of that group. To be sure, we too have made mistakes but the magnitude is minuscule compared to others, and we have already written them off.
We are gratified that these facts have not been lost to the market.
Since the property market peaked in 1997, we have significantly outperformed every major real estate counter in terms of share price performance. We also consistently have one of the highest dividend yields of all major property companies second only to our parent Hang Lung Group, thus yielding the best total return.
All that should give our shareholders comfort that your management will make every effort to continue to create value for shareholders in the years to come.
Before closing, I would be remiss not to mention the heroic performance of our staffs during the SARS outbreak last spring.
As alluded to earlier, Amoy Gardens which was the hardest hit of any residentialretail complex in Hong Kong was managed by us, and we still own the shopping center. It was the convergence of several unfortunate events, none of which were specific to the design, construction or management of the place, which had caused the tragedy. Financial considerations were overshadowed by the all-consuming need to contain the epidemic and to learn why this property was particularly affected. Day after day and week after week, our staff from executive directors to the many cleaners and security guards labored on site under tremendous risks to life as well as mental duress.
Credit should also go to the relevant government officials. I will never forget that Sunday afternoon when, anticipating the spread of the problem at Amoy Gardens, Hong Kong s Chief Executive Mr. Tung Chee Hwa called me at home. Thereafter, my staff together with civil servants under the leadership of our Secretary for Health, Welfare and Food Dr. E.K. Yeoh worked hand in hand to identify the source of the problem.
By all accounts, our staffs have done an excellent job. External confirmation of their loyalty and competence came after the incidence when we received a warm letter of appreciation from the chairperson of Amoy Gardens Owners Committee. Ultimate gratification, however, was derived from the fact that none of our employees contracted the disease.
While mourning the victims, we should also thank the heroes and heroines. Some of them are recognized by the community and we laud them. Equally, we should salute the many unsung ones, a good number of whom are working in your Company. They may very well be ordinary folks (like you and me), but they have risen to the occasion and have shone when confronted with life threatening circumstances. I know that our shareholders will join me in paying them respect and gratitude.
Ronnie C. Chan 
