CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Ronnie C. Chan Chairman Results and Dividend Turnover for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2007 rose 20% to HK$?,389.? million while net profit attributable to shareholders grew ??.7% to HK$6,370.6 million. Earnings per share was 1?9.? cents, representing an increase of 33.8% over the year before. When excluding the revaluation gain and its deferred tax, the underlying net profit advanced by 2?.9% to HK$2,0?7.9 million and the underlying earnings per share by 16.3% to ?1.3 cents.
The Board recommends a final dividend of ?3 cents per share which is 13.2% higher than last year. If approved, total dividends for the full year will be ?6 cents per share, an increase of 9.8% compared to that of the year before.

As I have mentioned in the past, the two critical factors for success in mainland China real estate are strategy and execution. From what we can tell, few of our competitors have focused on them.
What worked so well in Hong Kong in the past decades is unlikely to apply to the much bigger and diverse markets of the mainland. A new paradigm must be forged. This perhaps explains why our share price has outperformed the market in the past few years.
Two years ago I wrote extensively about our strategy on the mainland which began implementation in 2003. I analyzed the market environment and outlined what we would do to take advantage of it. Last year, I went further by detailing how we were executing that strategy. Those two annual statements are critical to the understanding of the Company s future.
Since expanding beyond Shanghai into other mainland Chinese cities is new to us, and there are few successful models to emulate, we must be cautious. Our strategy will be adjusted over time as we learn more about the different markets and gain experience in places where we have initiated projects. Thus, our original plan to build only shopping centers and only one development in each new city has been refined. A year ago I informed shareholders that we planned to develop commercial complexes, some of which will entail a mix of malls, offices, hotels and even high-end residences. We may also do multiple projects in selected cities. The rationale for such refinements was explained in considerable detail.
Over the past year, our thinking has further evolved. Instead of doing twelve developments in eight to nine cities outside of Shanghai in the three years between 200? and 2007, we now plan to develop eighteen in ten or eleven cities. The number of cities may be even smaller if we undertake larger complexes.
Again by defining each project as requiring RMB2 to 2.? billion, our total investment will be around RMB?0 billion. We hope to buy land for all eighteen developments before the end of 2009.
The reasons for the refinement are the following. First, management is now confident that the original number of twelve projects is more than feasible. Two to three years ago we were uncertain if we could successfully buy land for them because of our discipline of strictly adhering to a set of stringent criteria. Now we are assured that we can do eighteen.
Secondly, team building efforts in recent years have born fruit.
We are confident that the enlarged number of projects is within our capability to execute.
Thirdly, opportunities are plentiful. There are so many economically vibrant cities in China that are ready to take off in the coming few years. If we do not enter those markets now and secure the best sites, promising opportunities may be lost forever.
Prices may run away from us, but far worse is the prospect that the best pieces will have been snapped up by others. As such, there is a considerable urgency to land acquisitions.
Fourthly, doing larger projects in fewer cities has several critical benefits. Property development on the mainland is management time intensive. Concentrating on a smaller number of cities will make managing easier, so we should be able to do a better job. Larger developments on the other hand will be phased which means that we are legally land banking. Over time, I expect Chinese real estate prices to rise, a phenomenon which is increasingly clear to all. That also implies that initiating eighteen projects will only see construction start in a fewer number of sites. Theoretically we can take on more than eighteen, but this is a decision we will only make later.
Finally, our financial position is very strong and we can easily handle more than twelve projects. Expected cash flow mainly from completed Hong Kong residential developments for sale should be able to pay for much of the new activities on the mainland.
Timing wise, inflow will likely take place within the coming three years while outflow will be stretched over a much longer period of time. The larger complexes will in fact take well over ten years to complete. Cash shortfall, if any, will be financed by bank loans and as appropriate, through capital markets. With the Company being basically debt free, our borrowing capacity is huge.
China s economic growth is monumental and history will show that it is the biggest commercial opportunity of the 21st century. The last time such a situation existed was probably between 1890 and 1910 when the western part of the United States was opening up. The difference is that today China has 1.3 billion people instead of the ?0 million or so a century ago in the U.S. Chinese people nowadays are all striving to improve their livelihoods and are taking advantage of the globalized economy. Wealth formation is tremendous perhaps more than any country at any time in history. This is true both in terms of the absolute amount gained as well as the speed of accumulation. All this wealth creation is happening in the absence of natural resources except brains and muscles. Neither did China resort to illegal seizure of its neighbors resources as Japan did in the last century and as the West did through colonization.
Given China s extraordinary economic growth, real estate must be an appealing business to be in. Frankly, I can think of few better opportunities at this unique historic juncture. Nevertheless, not all sectors of this industry are equally attractive, and we have deliberately chosen what we consider to be the best. With a wise strategy and careful execution, I am confident that we will be among the big winners.
In recent years, and especially since the beginning of 2007, our share price has outperformed the overall stock market and the real estate sector sub-index. Where will it lead is unbeknown to us, but what is true is that the amount of capital everywhere from the U.S. to Europe, and from the Middle East with its tremendous windfall in oil revenue to the accumulated wealth within China is mind boggling.
Many funds are looking to invest in China and there are limited attractive opportunities. Hang Lung is one of the very few real estate companies which is creating value in the form of building world-class commercial complexes. Being listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange gives foreign investors a healthy measure of confidence. An added impetus to share price movements is mainland Chinese money which will soon be allowed to invest directly in Hong Kong s public companies.
All these factors will impact our share price.
Several more points relating to our strategy and operation are worth mentioning. Many say buying land in China is easy and boast of their millions if not tens of millions of square meters. However, it all depends on the type of land one owns. Our strategy calls for the biggest piece in the best location in economically dynamic cities. We only buy in the busiest existing commercial districts.
By way of illustration, suppose we were to build in Manhattan using our criteria. We would only purchase land on Fifth Avenue between ?2nd Street and ?9th Street. Madison Avenue is good but too narrow; Park Avenue is excellent for offices but not for shops. Strict discipline in land acquisition makes the process difficult and unit land cost higher than most. In a sense, we boast owning what is perhaps the most expensive land portfolio among our competitors. But as we shall see, the plots we own produce the best value even if we do not pay the lowest unit price.
Nonetheless, we do not overpay. In fact, through shrewd operations, we have been able to buy top located land at very reasonable prices.
The 9.2 hectare Doumugong project in Shenyang is a case in point.
Purchased a year after the Zhongjie site in the same city, the unit land cost is only about 18% that of the earlier piece.
To assemble such plots is extremely difficult. Local planning regulations may not fit with our strategy of erecting world-class complexes. In such instances, we can only withdraw and go elsewhere. Fortunately we are finding sufficient opportunities in metropolises we like.
Our Shanghai experience shows that it makes economic sense to find top located plots of size and build the highest quality facilities.
We rigorously control costs but within limits. Our construction expenditures may be somewhat higher than those of our competitors, but we want to make sure that our quality is also among 
As the old adage goes: the proof of the pudding is in the eating.
Notwithstanding having one of the highest unit land prices and a slightly higher construction cost, who has a higher return on investment than we do on the mainland? I suspect not many. In fact investors have told us that they could not find another commercial real estate developer-cum-owner which excels in all five areas site selection, project planning and building design, construction quality, property and tenant management, and ultimately financial return. We constantly measure ourselves according to these five dimensions and want to ensure that we stay well ahead of our competitors.
Our leadership role in the first four areas is amply illustrated by the following. Four national organizations in Beijing recently chose China s top 100 office buildings. Our Shanghai Plaza 66 was picked as number one. Another institution in Shanghai ranked the city s best shopping centers. Our The Grand Gateway came in second while the mall at Plaza 66 was again number one. In recent years, both in Shanghai and in Hong Kong, several of our projects have been honored for design or technical excellence by renowned international organizations. We have for the first time listed some of these accolades in another section of this annual report. Such superior quality will ensure the competitiveness of our facilities for a long period of time. It is also a useful tool to help make us the land purchaser of choice to municipal leaders whose cities we are interested.
(It should be noted that in Asia, I have witnessed repeatedly that developers who sponsor conferences organized by certain international business magazines will soon find themselves recipients of one honor or another given by those magazines. We consider this practice a farce and refuse to participate in that game.) Our superior financial return should be viewed two ways in numerical terms and in the quality of income and return. Having approximately 18% unleveraged return on investment for our two Shanghai projects seven or eight years after their completion seems respectable. Annual returns have been growing at double digits from the beginning and are expected to continue for at least another two or three years.
Equally important is the quality of these numbers. They come from rental income which is recurrent. With tenants for our malls and offices reading like who s who in high fashion and in international business respectively, and given tenancies of two to three years or longer, we should be able to withstand most economic downturns 
Building to sell may in the short term yield a higher return than our rent-and-hold strategy. Paying much higher taxes is however but one negative of that strategy. Once they sell, they will have to find land for the next project. With unit land cost fast approaching if not already exceeding the unit sale price of the completed building, the ability of those developers to consistently turn out profit, let alone rich profit, is questionable. We do not have that problem. Our completed facilities for rent will bring us profit come rain or shine. Given our proven return on investment mentioned above, whatever most other developers can achieve in net return from selling properties can be duplicated by us in a few short years. Thereafter we will still own our income producing complexes while others will have to scramble to find new sources of income. This situation is at least theoretically more serious in places like China where according to regulations the government can take back land from owners if they do not start construction two years after acquisition. The fact that the government does not strictly enforce this rule today does not mean that it will not tomorrow. Our strategy avoids all those problems and gives more consistent quality 
Now let me turn to something which is somewhat altruistic. I do not see ourselves only as a real estate developer but also as a public educator. For about two hundred years, China has been a weak and struggling nation. Most citizens counted themselves fortunate if they found adequate food and shelter let alone proper healthcare and education. In such conditions, aesthetics are ignored. For a civilization with a long and glorious history in the arts from poetry to porcelain and from painting to calligraphy, this situation is sad. Now for the first time in over a century, the Chinese people are enjoying a relatively prolonged period of prosperity, but the sense of aesthetics will take longer to rebuild. As a property developer, I see ourselves as creator of public art in the form of superbly designed and constructed buildings. Over time, these structures will heighten the sense of beauty for millions of ordinary citizens who encounter them daily.
Gradually, a discernment for quality will result.
As expected, mainland Chinese cities like many in other developing economies are filled with inferior buildings, especially skyscrapers.
The sad thing is that once constructed, they will last for fifty if not a hundred years. The only silver lining is that it is easy to differentiate ourselves in such a landscape, with our two Shanghai projects easily winning top honors as an example. However, we do not want to be merely marginally better than the rest. We build world-class developments which will excel even if they are located in global metropolises such as New York City, London, Paris or Tokyo. Only in doing so will we adequately fulfill our desire to educate the general 
In the end, such efforts are beneficial to ourselves as well. Landmark buildings like ours are more desirable to tenants and potential tenants, and we have a waiting list of world-class companies for our offices and leading brands for our malls. Hang Lung itself is now a brand name on the mainland and the superior quality of all our coming developments will only strengthen that position. It is a win- 
A year ago I wrote briefly about energy conservation. Indeed the broader need for sustainable development has been our concern for some time. A while ago a staff team was formed to study and implement changes, and considerable achievements have since been attained. The initiative and its leadership however come from the very top of the Company the Executive Committee of the Board.
Why should we be concerned? First, such efforts make economic sense. For every dollar we spend operating our rental properties, approximately 22 cents goes toward electricity. The benefit is thus obvious. But there are other compelling reasons. China is short of oil and gas as well as water and forests. The country's top leaders are keenly aware of all the immense pollution problems in China.
Sustainable development targets are increasingly set and enforced.
In the past, local officials ruthlessly sought economic growth for their cities and provinces. It generated tax revenues as well as less immediate but equally tangible benefits like personal promotion.
Now the Central Government has adjusted the yardstick to measure success. Green development is gradually coming into the picture.
Beijing s top leaders know they cannot compromise their children s future by blindly seeking progress.
I have long believed that the government will soon clamp down on property developers and owners to conserve energy and limit pollutants. This is the right thing to do. In the U.S., buildings account for 38% of all energy consumption; the world s average is approximately 32% and the number for China is probably less.
Yet, China has 1.3 billion people and is undergoing the greatest urbanization the world has ever seen. Skyscrapers are going up everywhere. In May of this year, eight ministries jointly organized special inspection teams to go around the country checking on violations in energy-intensive and high-polluting industries. I was frankly surprised that our sector was not included, but that day will surely come. Public buildings are already coming under scrutiny and the private sector cannot expect to be exempted for too long.
On the other hand, given global trends many corporations around the world are setting self imposed green standards. The day will soon arrive when a potential tenant cannot sign a lease with a landlord unless the building meets certain environmental benchmarks. As a matter of principle, we welcome such standards. They will affect many of our local competitors who have inferior products.
In other words, pressure will pile up on developers from both directions government and tenants. Even putting aside personal interest on the subject, Hang Lung must for our own good cost savings or otherwise be a leader in this regard. For some time now we have been quietly making strides.
Our efforts have focused on two areas: retrofitting existing premises in Hong Kong and designing environmentally friendly new buildings on the mainland. In all, we are looking into several dozen programs.
Given readily available technology, considerable achievements have been made in retrofitting. They entail energy saving, water reduction, waste management, and air quality control among others. For our new mainland projects, we are studying many alternatives from the simple to the cutting edge. Such endeavors must become part of our corporate culture, and training and education should over time be extended to our tenants.
Needless to say, a balance needs to be struck between such green pursuits and economics. Up to a certain point, diminishing marginal return sets in. We also need to take into account building aesthetics and other business considerations. Whatever the case, we will always look for ways to maintain a high standard of sustainability. We are committed to creating a built environment which at once gives end-users quality of experience but without unnecessarily borrowing from the future.

Our efforts to purchase land in the mainland have continued to bear fruit. Within the fiscal year, we concluded three transactions which due to their size, are considered six projects. We have also broken ground on two sites.
In August 2006, we bought the Doumugong plot in Shenyang.
The present plan calls for about 800,000 square meters to be constructed on this 9.2 hectare piece. Total investment is estimated at RMB8 billion which means that it can be considered as three or four projects, using our definition. In this case, we will count it as three. The exceptionally favorable unit land cost is the direct result of our track record in the form of our two world-class Shanghai developments and of our management style in handling our first Shenyang project. To the credit of municipal leaders, such a huge site was cleared for construction within eight months from the signing of the land purchase agreement.
The location cannot be better. It is situated immediately south of the City Center Square within the Shenyang CBD along Qingnian Street, the city s main thoroughfare. To the west of the large square is the municipal government s headquarters which is housed in a historic building. To the east is the provincial museum and the opera house; to the north will be high-rise offices, beyond which is the city s main 
In December we concluded a global architecture competition for the Doumugong development. The winner is KPF of New York City, which beat out world renowned firms, one each from the two sides of the Atlantic. It is the same firm responsible for Plaza 66 in Shanghai and for planning the Zhongjie project. KPF s design for Tianjin Hang Lung Plaza won international recognition earlier this year.
The Doumugong masterplan is stunning with twin towers of over 300 meters each facing the City Center Square. There will be at least one other office block, a shopping center, a ?-star hotel, plus two or three other high-rise buildings. Depending on market conditions, they can be additional offices or a combination of office-cum-serviced 
We broke ground in April, a mere five months after the same ceremony was performed for the Zhongjie site in November 2006.
These are our first two projects to commence construction. It is reasonable to expect that the smaller of the two will become the first completed shopping mall owned by your Company on the mainland outside of Shanghai.
In December we concluded the acquisition of a 3.7 hectare piece in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province. Last year I indicated that we were searching for land in several cities along China s southern coast. This is a worthy answer to that effort. Besides a mall, there will be an office block and a hotel totaling some 2??,000 square meters. Land cost was about RMB68? million and anticipated total investment should be around RMB3.? billion. We consider it as two out of the eighteen new 
In February we finally concluded the land purchase of the development in Jinan, Shandong Province.
Besides the above six projects, in July 2006 we signed a preliminary agreement to purchase a top located piece in Changsha, Hunan Province. It is quite big and technical details are being worked out.
Not counting Changsha, we have so far purchased land for eight projects. That was the number I promised shareholders of our parent company Hang Lung Group twelve months ago. In the coming year, I hope to have more acquisitions to announce.
As expected, property leasing was once again the bright spot this past fiscal year. Overall rent revenue grew by 16% exceeding HK$3 billion. The Hong Kong portfolio improved by 10% and Shanghai by 31%. The latter was helped by the addition of the second office tower at Plaza 66 in the second half of the fiscal year. Excluding it, rent still rose by over 23% for the Shanghai properties. Two years ago Shanghai accounted for 23% of total rents collected; last year it was almost 28%, and now it 
Offices in Hong Kong have done well with rents rising 22% and retail moving up 6%. The shopping center in The Grand Gateway did 20% better than a year ago; the one in Plaza 66 saw an increase of 37%. Office rents at Plaza 66 shot up ?1% due to the new tower. Taking that out, the figure is still very respectable at 17%. Since occupancies for retail and offices in both cities have remained basically unchanged, i.e. full or nearly full, turnover increase came almost exclusively from upward 
In the past two years, our Hong Kong sales program mainly concentrated on the 1,616 unit AquaMarine which is now almost sold out. Its clientele has slightly higher incomes than the average middle class. All of our remaining residential projects are for the even more affluent where profit margins should be even better. I am confident that in all product categories, our margin is among the best in Hong Kong. It is especially true in the luxury sector such as The HarbourSide and The Long Beach.
?10 condos at AquaMarine were sold, an improvement of about 100 units from the year before. We parted with more since fiscal year end and are now left with only about 60. We also sold a smidgen of other properties left over in our portfolio from years past, the totality of which is insignificant.

In the past few years, your Company has been quietly buying centrally located land in economically vibrant Chinese cities.
Some transactions have been completed and more can be expected. I have repeatedly stated how difficult the process is, a point which cannot be overemphasized. One hears of our successes but behind them are countless frustrations and thwarted opportunities. To find a piece that meets our most stringent requirements is rare. Yet often after working on it for a year or two with increasing hopes of success, the deal suddenly dissipates for whatever reason such as a technicality.
So my colleagues and I are constantly exploring new markets as well as revisiting cities with the hope that new opportunities may have arisen. I can assure you that to purchase land from government auctions or to buy large tracts outside of the very heart of a city are far easier. We have never done either because we do not believe that the returns those projects can generate will come close to what we have achieved and can achieve. As explained in past annual statements to shareholders, there are other reasons why our strategy 
Management is left with no choice but to forge ahead on the course that we have chosen. We are encouraged by our successes eight projects so far with an anticipated total investment of RMB19 billion. The expectation remains that we will have eighteen by the end of 2009. We are at present working on several sizable pieces, the fruition of which will quickly bring us to that number. To win every case may be unrealistic, but once in a while, luck is with those who work hard and hard we work! We have of late seen reputable people bringing us what appear to be fine opportunities. Invariably they approach us because people know that we are perhaps the only group that has a track record.
Equally significant is that this record was achieved by the same team of professionals which created world-class developments excelling in all five areas of site selection, design, construction, property management, and financial return.
Previously we never entertained unsolicited approaches, believing that no good deal comes that way. But as a leading mainland real estate magazine editor told me recently, many industry players and watchers are now studying the Hang Lung Phenomenon. While this may in the long run attract copycats or even one day spawn worthy competitors, in the immediate term it may bring benefits in the form of unsolicited opportunities. If it is attractive enough, we may even consider having a partner. That will of course depend on who that entity is and their willingness to let us control the development process as well as ownership of the final product. We are not interested in taking a minority position while contributing our rather unique know-how.
There is a phenomenon worth noticing for it may impact our business. Namely, the amount of foreign money entering the China property market is increasing. Not unlike the ballooning of capital pouring into private equity vehicles in the West, real estate funds are mushrooming albeit in smaller amounts but growing just as fast. Sources are not limited to the U.S. and Western Europe but also include the Middle East, Australia and Southeast Asia, primarily Singapore. I would not be surprised if the Japanese soon jump in.
Consider the amount of money in the Middle East. The world is marveling at the new phenomenon of a wealthy China. 1.3 billion people toiled for 28 years since economic opening depositing US$2.3 trillion in savings in the banking system. On top of that are corporate savings and foreign reserves; the latter number US$1.3 trillion. Given government regulations, only a small percentage of individual savings will find their way into real estate investments other than home ownership. But in the Middle East, the windfall alone from high oil and gas prices of the past three years is said to approach US$3 trillion. Unlike the money in China, much of it will go into investments outside of the region, and China is a target. I would not be surprised if a good proportion of the billions of US dollars raised recently for Asian real estate by two New York City investment banks came from the Middle East.
These geographic and industry specific funds are to be invested either into listed property companies like ourselves, or directly into bricks and mortar. Previously property funds mainly did the former which was beneficial to us as a public company. The new capital will raise price-earning-ratios and narrow discounts to net asset values. It will also add liquidity to the market. Now with the latter, local developers with weak finances can link up with one or more of these funds. They will become our competitors. The fact that many of them produce inferior products is not all good news. While they will make our complexes stand out, in time some of those players will improve. But even before that time, increasing supply will bring down overall rents.
What is our response to this expected onslaught? Stick strictly to what we do but do it even better and faster. In particular, our target of buying land for eighteen commercial projects should not slip.
Your management has always had a keen sense of urgency and the new competitive landscape only further heightens that sense. The temptation is to lower our self-imposed standards for site selection.
That we will not do, but we may have to take on slightly more risks to get the job done on time. We will act swiftly, but we will also always act cautiously. By tying down the best plots (as defined by location, size and shape) in outstanding cities, our competitiveness becomes secure. Few can design as well as we can, and our quality in construction and in the management of tenants and of physical facilities is as good as any in the business. This means that in the markets which we have chosen to play, few if any can dislodge our leadership position.
What will help in this regard is brand building. Apparently few in our industry have so far focused on it. Without doubt, Hang Lung is today a top brand in China s real estate business, but this is something that we must constantly strengthen and renew.
Our property leasing business should again trade well this year.
Full year contribution of the second office tower in Plaza 66 should ensure that numbers from Shanghai will be particularly pleasing.
Even without the new space, rent increase alone should see double digit growth. That has been the case from the first day since we completed the two existing projects. Given the relative health of the Hong Kong economy, investment properties here should also do satisfactorily.
With AquaMarine almost sold out, we will focus on the even higher profit margin projects, namely The HarbourSide and The Long Beach. Sales activities in the former have picked up in the past two months and unit prices achieved have edged upward, reaching new heights. We will continue to manage that process to maximize profit. Hong Kong's tallest building of 118 storeys, the International Commerce Centre, housing offices and a ?-star hotel will soon be completed right next door, and the one million square feet shopping center called Elements behind us will soon commence operations. That was why we were not in a hurry to sell in the past few years. As the area matures, our units should become even more attractive to potential purchasers. So far almost 80% of the units have been held back from the market.
We may also begin marketing The Long Beach with 1,829 units located not far from The HarbourSide.
Expecting to sell more Hong Kong condos this year and barring unforeseen circumstances, underlying net profit should be even better than the twelve months under review.
Ronnie C. Chan 
