CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am pleased to present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) for the year ended 31st December, 2016 (the “Year”) to
the shareholders of the Company.
RESULTS
Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$6,360.3
million as compared to HK$7,727.2 million for last year. The decrease in
profit for the Year was mainly arising from (i) decrease in attributable net
rental income; (ii) decrease in fair value gain on investment properties;
(iii) decrease in share of results of associates; despite (iv) increase in
attributable property sales profit; (v) gains on disposals of subsidiaries
of the Company holding MassMutual Tower, Windsor House and Evergo
Tower in Shanghai; (vi) increase in net profit from the segment of the
listed investments held-for-trading and treasury products and dividend
income from listed equity investment at fair value through other
comprehensive income; and (vii) imputed interest income from deferred
consideration receivables which were included in investment income, net.
Earnings per share for the Year was HK$3.33 (2015: HK$4.05).
If the net gain on the major non-cash items of HK$577.5 million (2015:
HK$4,785.1 million) are excluded, but the net realised fair value loss
on disposals of investment properties from the Group and its associates
in current year recognised for the Year of HK$372.7 million (2015:
together with their respective deferred tax totaling HK$154.6 million) is
retained and the accumulated realised fair value gain together with their
respective deferred tax on disposals of investment properties and stock of
properties from the Group and its associates recognised in prior years of
HK$17,248.7 million (including those recognised in properties revaluation
reserve) (2015: disposals of investment properties of HK$13,843.7
million) is included, the Group will have a core profit attributable to
owners of the Company for the Year of HK$23,031.5 million (2015:
HK$16,785.8 million) and a core earnings per share of HK$12.07 (2015:
HK$8.80), which were both increased by 37.2% to those in the year
2015.
The major non-cash items represented the attributable unrealised fair
value gain on investment properties together with their respective
deferred tax from the Group and its associates of HK$577.5 million (2015:
HK$4,785.1 million).
DIVIDENDS
During the Year, the board of directors of the Company (the “Directors”
or the “Board”) had paid an interim dividend of HK1 cent per share
(payment date: 23rd September, 2016) (2015: HK30 cents per share)
and special interim dividends of (i) HK$2 per share (payment date:
20th January, 2016) (2015: HK$4 per share and HK$2.6 per share), (ii)
HK$2.1 per share (payment date: 11th August, 2016), and (iii) HK$3.23
per share (payment date: 1st September, 2016) (2015: HK$1.2 per
share). Subsequent to the Year, the Board had also declared a special
interim dividend of HK$1.36 per share for the Year and special interim
dividends of HK$0.46 per share and HK$0.18 per share respectively in
connection with the completion of the disposal transactions both occurred
in February 2017 (payment date: 10th February, 2017). As the Company
has paid substantial interim dividends during the Year, the Board has
recommended the payment of a nominal final dividend of HK1 cent per
share for the Year (the “Final Dividend”) (2015: HK1 cent per share).
Subject to shareholders’ approval at the forthcoming annual general
meeting of the Company to be held on 24th May, 2017 (the “2017
AGM”), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 12th June, 2017
to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on 1st June, 2017.
For the purpose of ascertaining the members’ eligibility to attend and vote
at the 2017 AGM, and entitlement to the recommended Final Dividend,
the register of members will be closed during the following periods
respectively:
To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2017 AGM, and to qualify for
the recommended Final Dividend, all properly completed share transfers
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
for registration with the Company’s Branch Registrar and Transfer Office in
Hong Kong, namely Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited,
at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than the respective latest time as
stated above.
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES
The Group is one of the leading property developers in Hong Kong and
its core businesses comprise property investments for rental and property
development for sale as well as securities investments.
The Group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment
properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment,
renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as
actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve
long-term sustainable growth.
The Group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential
properties in prime locations in Hong Kong; and enjoying profit
contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term
sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
In Mainland China, the Group invested in office properties, shopping
arcades and hotel business in the prestigious areas to generate stable and
recurrent rental income.
Other than property investment and development in Hong Kong and/
or Mainland China, the Group is actively grasping the opportunities for
acquiring properties in the United Kingdom.
The Group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property
developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and
beneficial to the Group’s development.
Apart from the aforesaid, the Group has conducted variety of securities
investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and
other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury
management.
The Group believes that the stable rental income from its investment
properties, together with the property development and trading as well as
securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows
the Group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
Hong Kong Property Investment
Rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major
sources of our income. The overall occupancy rate of the Group’s retail
portfolio was 94.84% during the Year. The high occupancy rate was
attributable to the prime locations of the Group’s retail properties.
The average occupancy rate of Windsor House shopping mall from
January to August 2016 (i.e. before disposal) was approximately 95.34%.
During the Year, the average occupancy rate of the shops of Causeway
Place was approximately 81.36%.
Olympian City 3 (25% interest), the retail mall in The Hermitage
residences in West Kowloon, all the shops were fully let out as at 31st
December, 2016.
Coronation Circle (15% interest), the retail mall in The Coronation
residences in West Kowloon, the average occupancy rate was
approximately 63.02% during the Year.
The occupancy rate for the Group’s office properties maintained at a high
level throughout the Year. During the Year, the average occupancy rates
of Harcourt House and Windsor House (for eight-month period before
disposal) were approximately 97.03% and 98.02% respectively, bring the
approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 97.64%.
In January 2016, the Group has disposed the company holding
MassMutual Tower (now known as China Evergrande Centre). In
September 2016, the Group has also disposed the companies holding
Windsor House.
Hong Kong Property Development
In general, the Group’s development projects have been progressing
satisfactorily and sales of trading properties has recorded a pleasing
results.
One South Lane is located in the Western District and enjoys close
proximity to the HKU MTR Station. It is a luxury residential/retail tower
with a total gross floor area of around 41,353 square feet which provides
92 residential units. The occupation permit was issued in July 2016. As
at 31st December, 2016, 92 residential units were contracted for sales,
representing 100% of total units, of which 90 individual purchasers had
completed their transactions.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
(Cont'd)
Hong Kong Property Development (Cont'd)
55 Conduit Road (70% interest) is a luxury residential development in
Mid-Levels West with total residential gross floor area of around 87,800
square feet which provides 35 residential units. As at 31st December,
2016, 33 units were contracted for sales, representing 94.29% of total
units, of which 29 individual purchasers had completed their transactions.
The Hermitage (25% interest) is one of the Group’s joint venture
development project in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower
blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties
with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. As at 31st
December, 2016, 99.79% of total units were sold.
The Coronation (15% interest) is another joint venture development
project of the Group in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower
blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties
with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. As at 31st
December, 2016, 99.86% of total units were sold.
Kwun Tong Town Centre Project (Development Areas 2 and 3) (10%
interest) is a joint venture development project of the Group awarded by
the Urban Renewal Authority. Its total site area is approximately 234,160
square feet. Total gross floor area of around 1,853,561 square feet will
be developed. Foundation work was completed. Excavation and lateral
support works and pile cap works are in progress and the whole project is
expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021.
In February 2017, the Group has disposed the companies holding the
property development situated at No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace.
Mainland China Property Investment
Hilton Beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate
was approximately 75.88% for the Year.
Oriental Place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to Hilton
Beijing, average occupancy rate was approximately 91.82% for the Year.
During the Year, the 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately
29,000 square feet in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen were fully let
out. The Group has disposed the companies holding such retail outlets in
February 2017.
In June 2016, the Group has disposed the company holding Evergo
Tower, an office and shopping complex in Shanghai.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
(Cont'd)
Overseas Property Investment
River Court is a Grade A freehold office building situated at 116-129
Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom. It provides a total net internal area
of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking
spaces. It was fully let out as at 31st December, 2016.
In April 2016, the Group acquired 14 St George Street, a Grade A freehold
office building located in London, United Kingdom. The building comprises
approximately 51,861 square feet of office accommodation arranged over
lower ground, ground and four upper floors. It was fully let out as at 31st
December, 2016.
In May 2016, the Group acquired a mixed use freehold building located
in 61-67 (odd) Oxford Street and 11-14 Soho Street, London, United
Kingdom, comprising approximately 55,162 square feet in aggregate. The
building provides retail, office and residential accommodation, occupying
approximately 33,850 square feet, 13,735 square feet and 7,577 square
feet respectively, over lower ground, ground and six upper floors. It was
fully let out as at 31st December, 2016.
Securities Investments
The Group’s strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for
treasury management. The Group’s primary objectives when managing
capital are to safeguard the abilities of the entities in the Group to
continue as a going concern, so that it can continue to provide returns for
shareholders of the Company. The Group’s strategy for future investments
is to invest in a diversified portfolio with attractive yield, good liquidity and
issuers from reputable entities, so as to maintain a healthy financial status
and grasp every good investment chance.
The gain recognised on securities investments for the Year was
HK$1,075.4 million. Details of the performance of securities investments
are disclosed under “Financial Operation Review” of this annual report.
The Group will continue to closely monitor its portfolio of securities
investments to achieve satisfactory returns.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER
THE REPORTING PERIOD
Disposal of a Subsidiary holding MassMutual Tower – Major
Transaction
The Group has on 12th November, 2015 entered into an equity and
debt transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company that ultimately held the commercial
property known as MassMutual Tower (now known as China Evergrande
Centre) located in Wanchai, Hong Kong to a subsidiary wholly-owned by
Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited (now known as China Evergrande
Group), an independent third party (the “Pioneer Time Disposal”). Pioneer
Time Disposal constituted a major transaction of the Company under the
Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”). Pioneer Time Disposal was completed
on 15th January, 2016 at the final consideration of approximately
HK$12,448.3 million. Details of Pioneer Time Disposal were set out in
the Company’s announcement dated 12th November, 2015 and circular
dated 3rd December, 2015.
Disposal of a Residential Unit of 55 Conduit Road – Connected
Transaction
As announced on 21st December, 2015, the Group accepted a tender
submitted by Ms. Amy Lau, Yuk-wai, a non-executive director (“NED”) of
the Company, to purchase a residential unit together with a car parking
space of the Group’s luxury residential development located in Mid-
Levels West, Hong Kong, namely 55 Conduit Road at the purchase price
of HK$124,118,000 (before cash rebate). The transaction constituted
a connected transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules.
Completion took place on 5th April, 2016.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER
THE REPORTING PERIOD  (Cont'd)
Disposal of Subsidiaries holding Windsor House – Major and
Connected Transactions
As announced on 23rd December, 2015, the Group has on 23rd
December, 2015 entered into sale and purchase agreements, in relation
to, inter alia, disposal of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company
that ultimately held the property known as Windsor House located in
Causeway Bay, Hong Kong to the companies wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph
Lau, Luen-hung (“Mr. Joseph Lau”), the then substantial shareholder
and controlling shareholder of the Company (the “Windsor Disposal”).
Windsor Disposal constituted major and connected transactions of the
Company under the Listing Rules and was approved by the independent
shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting of the
Company held on 2nd February, 2016. Windsor Disposal was completed
on 1st September, 2016 and the final considerations had been disclosed
in the announcement of the Company dated 5th October, 2016. Details
of Windsor Disposal were set out in the announcement of the Company
dated 23rd December, 2015 and the circular of the Company dated 15th
January, 2016.
Acquisition of a Property in the United Kingdom
In March 2016, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement
with an independent third party to acquire a freehold property situated
at 14 St George Street, London, United Kingdom at a consideration of
GBP121.7 million. Completion of the acquisition took place on 15th April,
2016.
Acquisition of a Property in the United Kingdom – Discloseable
Transaction
As announced on 21st March, 2016, the Group has on 21st March, 2016
entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third
party to acquire a freehold property situated at 61-67 (odd) Oxford Street
and 11-14 Soho Street, London, United Kingdom at a consideration of
GBP182.8 million (before rent top up and allowance for stamp duty land
tax of the United Kingdom). The acquisition constituted a discloseable
transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules. Completion of the
acquisition took place on 20th May, 2016.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER
THE REPORTING PERIOD  (Cont'd)
Acquisition of Equity Interest in Shengjing Bank Co., Ltd.
The Group has entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an
independent third party on 6th May, 2016, in relation to the acquisition of
577,180,500 H shares in Shengjing Bank Co., Ltd. (Stock Code: 2066), at
a consideration of approximately HK$6,926.2 million.
Disposal of a Subsidiary holding Evergo Tower, Shanghai
The Group has on 19th May, 2016 entered into an equity transfer
agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company that held the office and shopping complex known as
Evergo Tower located in Shanghai, the People’s Republic of China (the
“PRC”) to an independent third party, at the final consideration equivalent
to approximately HK$1,355.8 million. Completion of the disposal took
place in June 2016.
Change of Building Name of Principal Office
As announced on 30th November, 2016, the name of the building
where the Group’s head office and principal place of business in Hong
Kong are located has been changed from “MassMutual Tower” to “China
Evergrande Centre” with effect from 1st December, 2016.
Disposal of Subsidiaries holding the Property Development
situated at No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace and 79 Shops of Lowu
Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen – Major and Connected
Transactions
The Group has on 5th December, 2016 entered into sale and purchase
agreements, in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the wholly-owned
subsidiaries of the Company that ultimately held (i) the property
development situated at No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace, Mid-Levels East, Hong
Kong; and (ii) 79 shops of Lowu Commercial Plaza located in Shenzhen,
the PRC to the companies wholly-owned by (i) Ms. Chan, Hoi-wan, an
associate of Mr. Joseph Lau and an associate of Directors at the time of
entering into relevant sale and purchase agreement (the “HK Property
Transaction”); and (ii) Mr. Lau, Ming-wai, the Chairman of the Board and
a NED of the Company (the “PRC Properties Transaction”) respectively.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER
THE REPORTING PERIOD  (Cont'd)
Disposal of Subsidiaries holding the Property Development
situated at No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace and 79 Shops of Lowu
Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen – Major and Connected
Transactions (Cont'd)
HK Property Transaction and PRC Properties Transaction constituted major
and connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules and
each of them was approved by the independent shareholders of the
Company at the special general meeting of the Company held on 13th
January, 2017. HK Property Transaction and PRC Properties Transaction
were completed on 10th February, 2017 at the final consideration of
approximately HK$889.6 million and HK$352.2 million respectively.
Details of HK Property Transaction and PRC Properties Transaction were
set out in the announcement of the Company dated 5th December, 2016
and the circular of the Company dated 28th December, 2016.
Restructuring of Shareholding in the Company
On 1st March, 2017, after the distribution of all the shares in the Company
indirectly held under a discretionary trust (the “Share Trust”) founded
by Mr. Joseph Lau to certain eligible beneficiaries of the Share Trust, Mr.
Lau, Ming-wai and Ms. Chan, Hoi-wan (as trustee for her minor children)
indirectly hold shares representing approximately 24.97% and 50.02%
of the total issued share capital of the Company as at 1st March, 2017
respectively. Details of the restructuring of shareholding were set out in
the announcement of the Company dated 1st March, 2017.
INVESTOR RELATIONS
The Company is continuously committed to maintaining good
communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to
ensure their thorough understanding of the Group’s strategies and
business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor
relations.
The Company maintains a Company’s website (www.chineseestates.com)
to make the Company’s information available on the internet, including
the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to
facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important
information to the investing public on corporate governance structure,
policies and systems, profiles of the Directors and senior executives as
well as terms of reference of Board committees.
INVESTOR RELATIONS  (Cont'd)
The up-to-date information of the Group is available for public
access on the Company’s website. The Company encourages its
shareholders to take advantage of the Company’s website and welcomes
suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to
share their views and suggestions by contacting the Company at
investor.relations@chineseestates.com .
Shareholders can raise their enquiries to the Board or the company
secretary of the Company in writing by sending such written enquiries to
the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong at 26th Floor, China
Evergrande Centre, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email
at  investor.relations@chineseestates.com . Shareholders also have right to
raise questions at general meetings.
PROSPECTS
With the generally unexpected outcome of the presidential election of the
United States of America in early November 2016 as well as the potential
rise of economic or trade protectionism, the uncertainties surrounding
global markets have been intensified; whilst the Federal Reserve in the
United States of America decided to raise the target range for the federal
funds rate by a quarter percentage point to 0.5% to 0.75% in mid of
December 2016 and a further increase in 2017 is also anticipated. As a
result of such changes in the macro-environment, adverse impact seems
to be inevitable.
The residential property market in Hong Kong had been moving upwards
for over the past ten years. The Hong Kong government has introduced
new measures in November 2016 to curb and control the seemingly
overheated residential property market, whereby a new flat rate of 15%
for the ad valorem stamp duty is being imposed on second-home buyers.
Unless there is a substantial change on the housing policy by the Hong
Kong government upon election of the new Chief Executive, downturn
of the property market in Hong Kong is quite likely under the shadow of
increasing mortgage interest rate.
PROSPECTS  (Cont'd)
Subsequent to the disposal of the companies holding property
development situated at No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace in February 2017, total
assets and total liabilities of the Group are expected decreasing in the
year 2017. In addition, subsequent to the disposal of the companies
holding shops of Lowu Commercial Plaza in Shenzhen in February 2017,
contribution of rental income from this property to the Group in the year
2017 will be significantly lowered.
Notwithstanding the said changes, the foundation of the Group’s
investment properties is strong and the Group’s financial condition
is sound and stable. Our past performance proves that the Group’s
broad vision is conducive to carrying out businesses and its successful
development.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to monitor local and overseas
market conditions, endeavour to participate in land auctions and tenders
as well as to capture opportunities for acquiring local and overseas
premier investment properties with optimistic return in order to strengthen
its investment property portfolio. The Group will grasp every good
investment chance continuously in future.
APPRECIATION
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the
shareholders for their continuing support. I would also like to express
my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their
dedication and hard work.
Lau, Ming-wai
Chairman
Hong Kong, 9th March, 2017