Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2014 (the Year ) to the shareholders of the Company.

Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$8,744.9 million as compared to HK$6,317.7 million for last year. The increase in profit for the Year was mainly contributed from gain on disposal of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries that ultimately held Moon Ocean Ltd. (former owner of a piece of land in the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China ( Macau )) of HK$2,917.6 million. Earnings per share for the Year was HK$4.58 (2013: HK$3.31).
If the net gain on the major non-cash items of HK$3,877.4 million (2013: HK$2,917.6 million) are excluded, but the realised fair value loss on disposal of investment properties in current year recognised for the Year of HK$0.3 million (2013: realised fair value gain of HK$491.4 million) is retained and the accumulated realised fair value gain on disposals of investment properties recognised in prior years of HK$55.0 million (2013: HK$356.7 million) is included, the Group will have a core profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year of HK$4,922.5 million (2013: HK$3,756.8 million) and a core earnings per share of HK258.0 cents (2013: HK196.9 cents), an increase of 31.0% over last year.
The major non-cash items represented the attributable unrealised fair value gain on investment properties together with their respective deferred tax from the Group and its associates of HK$3,877.4 million (2013: 
The board of directors of the Company (the Directors or the Board ) had declared and paid an interim dividend of HK30 cents per share (payment date: 24th September, 2014) (2013: HK20 cents per share) and a special interim dividend of HK$2.55 per share (payment date: 31st October, 2014) (2013: HK$1.3 per share); and declared a special interim dividend of HK$4 per share (payment date: 13th January, 2015). The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1 cent per share for the Year (the Final Dividend ) (2013: HK50 cents per share).
Subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 19th May, 2015 (the 2015 AGM ), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 5th June, 2015 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 27th May, 2015.

As stated in the Company s circular dated 7th January, 2015, the Board may declare and pay one or more special interim dividend(s) in anticipation of the completion of the major and connected transaction regarding disposal of a subsidiary that ultimately held the property known as The ONE (which is scheduled to be on or before 31st December, 2015), subject to the then financial and cashflow position of the Group.
CLOSuRE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For the purpose of ascertaining the members eligibility to attend and vote at the 2015 AGM, and entitlement to the recommended Final Dividend, the register of members will be closed during the following periods 
To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2015 AGM, and to qualify for the recommended Final Dividend, all properly completed share transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong, namely Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than the respective latest time as 
BuSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES The Group is one of the leading property developers in Hong Kong and its core businesses comprise property investments for rental and property development for sale as well as securities investments.
The Group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
The Group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential properties in prime locations in Hong Kong; and enjoying profit contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
In Mainland China, development of mid to high-end residential properties with superb designs, construction and management services is our target.
The Group is developing a multipurpose complex for residential commercial properties in Chengdu, Mainland China, in which the Group will retain its interests in the retail, office and hotel portions after sale of residential units. Through maintenance of certain interests in retail, office and hotel portions, the Group would generate stable and recurrent rental 
The Group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and beneficial to the Group s development.
Apart from the aforesaid, the Group has conducted variety of securities investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury 
The Group believes that the stable rental income from its investment properties, together with the property development and trading as well as securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows the Group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS Hong Kong Property Investment Rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major sources of our income. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s retail portfolio was 99.20% during the Year. The high occupancy rate is attributable to the prime locations of the majority of the Group s retail 
The Group s attributable overall gross rental growth including the performance of non wholly-owned properties was 9.25% with rental income of HK$1,683.1 million for the Year as compared with last year.
The rental income from Hong Kong retail portion recorded steady growth of 8.58% while the non-retail portion showed an upward momentum with growth of 11.12%. Although Mainland China tourists spending and the local consumption demand were slightly weakened, the Group s retail properties located mainly in prime shopping areas were highly praised and appreciated by tenants, therefore retail rents were generally raised.
However, rental rates for certain retail business sectors have shown the sign of reaching the peak.
During the Year, the average occupancy rate of the shops of Causeway Place was approximately 85.95% excluding those disposed of.
The overall rental income of Windsor House was raised 6.71% for the Year as compared with last year. During the Year, its average occupancy rate was approximately 98.80%. Windsor House provides shoppers a cozy shopping environment with a diversified trade mix. Various marketing and promotion activities are held in Windsor House from time to time which boost shoppers flow and thus increase tenants business turnover.
As a result, Windsor House recorded satisfactory rental growth and high 
As for Silvercord, the overall rental income was raised 13.97% for the Year as compared with last year. All the shops were fully let out throughout the Year. The Group disposed of the companies holding Silvercord in January 
The ONE recorded 7.57% increase of its overall rental income for the Year as compared with last year. Its average occupancy rate was approximately 99.90% during the Year. In December 2014, the Group has entered into a disposal agreement to dispose the company holding The ONE. Such transaction is expected to be completed in 2015.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Investment (Cont'd) Olympian City 3 (25% interest), the retail mall in The Hermitage residences in West Kowloon, all the shops were fully let out as at 31st 
Coronation Circle (15% interest), the retail mall in The Coronation residences in West Kowloon, the average occupancy rate was approximately 64.74% during the Year.
The occupancy rate for the Group s office properties maintained at a high level throughout the Year. During the Year, the average occupancy rates of Windsor House, MassMutual Tower and Harcourt House were approximately 91.53%, 97.68% and 99.33% respectively, bringing the approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 95.60%.
Hong Kong Property Development In general, the Group s development projects have been progressing satisfactorily and the sales have been achieving pleasing results.
No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace, located in Mid-Levels East, is a traditional prestigious location for luxury residential project in Hong Kong. A luxury residential tower which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 40,726 square feet will be redeveloped. Superstructure work is in progress. Completion of the project is re-scheduled to the first quarter of 
One South Lane is located in the Western District and enjoys close proximity to the Hong Kong University MTR Station. It will be redeveloped into a luxury residentialretail tower with a total gross floor area of around 41,318 square feet and consists of 92 residential units. Superstructure work is in progress. Completion of the project is re-scheduled to the third quarter of 2016. Since its pre-sales commenced in September 2014, 88 units were presold up to 31st December, 2014, representing 95.65% of 
The Group has a two-phase redevelopment project in Wanchai (87.5% interest) undertaken with the Urban Renewal Authority. All residential units of The Zenith (Phase I project) were sold. One WanChai (Phase II project with preservation of the core elements of Wanchai Market) is a residentialcommercial complex development with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet which provides 237 residential units and retail properties. 236 units were sold and recognised up to 31st December, 2014, representing 99.58% of total units.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Development (Cont'd) No. 55 Conduit Road (70% interest), a residential site in Mid-Levels with site area of about 36,000 square feet which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 87,800 square feet. This site will be developed into a luxury residential project. Superstructure work is in progress.
Completion of the project is scheduled for the second quarter of 2015.
Launching of the project is re-scheduled to the third quarter of 2015.
The Hermitage (25% interest) is one of the Group s joint venture development projects in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. As at 31st December, 2014, 99.79% of total units were sold and recognised (2 units 
The Coronation (15% interest) is another joint venture development project of the Group in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. As at 31st December, 2014, 99.86% of total units were sold and recognised (1 unit 
In September 2014, the Group has been awarded the contract for the development of Kwun Tong Town Centre Project (Development Areas 2 and 3) by the Urban Renewal Authority (10% interest). The land has been handed over in December 2014. The total site area is approximately 234,160 square feet. Total gross floor area of around 1,853,561 square feet will be developed. Foundation work will be commenced in March 2015 and the whole project is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021.
Mainland China Property Investment The average occupancy rate of the 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately 29,000 square feet in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen was approximately 99.71% for the Year.
Evergo Tower, located at Central Huaihai Road in Shanghai, is a 21-storey office and shopping complex and has a gross floor area of around 263,708 square feet. The average occupancy rates of the office and retail spaces for the Year were approximately 78.02% and 94.05% respectively.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Investment (Cont'd) Platinum (50% interest), a 20-storey Grade A office building located at Taicang Road of Huangpu District in Shanghai, has a gross floor area of about 466,464 square feet. The average occupancy rate for the Year was 
Hilton Beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate was approximately 74.39% for the Year.
Oriental Place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to Hilton Beijing, average occupancy rate was approximately 93.75% for the Year.
Mainland China Property Development Splendid City is a residential and commercial project located at Yingbin Avenue of Jinniu District in Chengdu with a gross floor area of approximately 3.74 million square feet. It comprises two phases with 19 residential tower blocks and a 7-storey commercial building with gross floor area of approximately 272,740 square feet, namely Splendid City Commercial Building. Phase I provides 1,226 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet. Phase II provides 1,625 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet. As at 31st December, 2014, 1,215 units of Phase I were sold (representing 99.10% of total units) while 1,608 units of Phase II were sold (representing 98.95% of total units). As at 31st December, 2014, the average occupancy rate of Splendid City Commercial Building was 
The Metropolis is a residential project located at Yixue Lane and Tangba Street of Jinjiang District in Chengdu, with site area of approximately 194,336 square feet and corresponding gross floor area of approximately 1.65 million square feet. It will comprise 3 twin residential tower blocks and will be developed in phases. Tower 1 has been completed and provides 572 units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 704 square feet to 2,692 square feet. 471 units were sold up to 31st December, 2014 (representing 82.34% of total units). Tower 2 has been completed and provides 573 units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 735 square feet to 2,805 square feet.
Launching of Tower 2 is re-scheduled to late 2015. Construction work of Tower 3 will be commenced in the fourth quarter of 2015.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Development (Cont'd) Chinese Estates Plaza, a commercial and residential project at Tidu Street of Qingyang District in Chengdu, has a site area of about 404,110 square feet with a development scale of 3.2 million square feet. It comprises a Grade A 36-storey office building namely Chinese Estates Centre, a five- star hotel with 279 guest rooms namely The St. Regis Chengdu, a 6-storey shopping arcade with total area of approximately 917,000 square feet namely The ONE Chengdu and 4 residential tower blocks. Chinese Estates Centre has been completed and its leasing has been commenced in the second quarter of 2014 with occupancy rate of approximately 24.50% as at 31st December, 2014; The St. Regis Chengdu has been completed and its grand opening taken place in December 2014; The ONE Chengdu has been completed and will be opened within 2015; superstructure work of residential towers has been completed. Launching of the first residential tower is re-scheduled to late 2015.
The Coronation, a commercial and residential project at Huaxinjie Street of Jiangbei District in Chongqing (25% interest), has a site area of around 2,207,546 square feet and a gross floor area of approximately 11.09 million square feet. The project will be developed in four phases and Phase I will be divided into several zones. The construction work of Phase I is in progress. Completion of the first zone of Phase I is re-scheduled to the second quarter of 2015 and the entire Phase I is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2017. The first zone of Phase I has been launched in March 2014. 535 out of 851 units launched were pre-sold up to 31st December, 2014.
Overseas Property Investment River Court is a Grade A freehold office building situate at 116-129 Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom. It provides a total net internal area of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking spaces. It was fully let out as of 31st December, 2014.
MANAGEMENT DISCuSSION AND ANALYSIS 
The Group s strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for 
As announced in January 2015, the Group disposed certain securities investments with realised loss of approximately HK$110.0 million recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
Overall performance of securities investments are disclosed under Financial Operation Review of this annual report. The Group will continue to closely monitor its portfolio of securities investments to achieve 
OTHER INFORMATION AND EvENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD Contract for Services Continuing Connected Transactions On 31st October, 2014, the Group entered into a contract for services (the Contract ) with Mr. Joseph Lau, Luen-hung ( Mr. Joseph Lau ), a substantial shareholder and a controlling shareholder of the Company, whereby the Group agreed to provide to Mr. Joseph Lau leasing administration services, property management services, property administration services, asset management and maintenance services, rental services, advisory and consultancy services and other ordinary services for a term of 3 years commenced on 1st November, 2014. The Contract superseded all other existing contracts for services previously made between the Group and Mr. Joseph Lau. An announcement was made on 31st October, 2014.
As Mr. Joseph Lau, being a substantial shareholder and a controlling shareholder of the Company, is a connected person of the Company, the Contract and the transactions contemplated thereunder constituted continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ).
OTHER INFORMATION AND EvENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Disposal of Subsidiaries Major and Connected Transactions As announced on 2nd September, 2014, the Group has on 1st September, 2014 entered into sale and purchase agreements, in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiaries that ultimately held (i) Moon Ocean Ltd. (former owner of a piece of land in Macau) and (ii) certain floors and car parking spaces constituted part of the property known as Silvercord to the companies wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau at the final consideration of approximately HK$4,876.2 million and HK$7,656.1 million respectively (the Disposal Transactions ).
The Disposal Transactions constituted major and connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules and were subject to the approval of the independent shareholders of the Company (the Independent Shareholders ). The Disposal Transactions were subsequently approved by the Independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on 10th October, 2014 and were completed in October 2014 and January 2015 respectively. Details of the Disposal Transactions were set out in the circular of the Company dated 23rd September, 2014.
Disposal of a Subsidiary Major and Connected Transaction As announced on 12th December, 2014, the Group has on 12th December, 2014 entered into a sale and purchase agreement (the Disposal Agreement ), in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that ultimately held the property known as The ONE to the company wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau at a provisional consideration of approximately HK$7,781.4 million (if the bank loan has been fully repaid prior to or upon completion of the Disposal Agreement and such repayment is fully or partially financed by additional sale loan provided after the date of the Disposal Agreement) or HK$4,657.3 million (if the bank loan is still outstanding upon completion of the Disposal Agreement) (the Transaction ). The Transaction constituted major and connected transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules and was subject to the approval of the Independent Shareholders. The Transaction was subsequently approved by the Independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on 23rd January, 2015. Details of the Transaction were set out in the circular of the Company dated 7th January, 
ENvIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND 
Corporate social responsibility is becoming an important theme in the business community. The Company highlights four subject areas (workplace quality, environmental protection, operating practices and community involvement) undertaken by the Group in this part.

The Group considers its employees as its important asset and strives to attract and retain the best people for the sustainable growth of the Group.
The Group is committed to providing a fair and competitive compensation package in the form of basic salary, incentive pay (discretionary bonus), mandatory and voluntary provident funds, and other fringe benefits, such as healthcare benefits (including medical, personal accident and employee compensation), paid leave for various purposes (including annual leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave, sick leave, examination leave and compassionate leave), and education and training 
Besides, employees are encouraged to have a good balance among work, health and social activities which has been supported by adopting a five- day workweek and arranging early release from work for festivals.
Moreover, the Group s annual dinner is one of its most important functions where the management and employees can meet together in a relaxed circumstance. Employees who have completed at least 10 consecutive years of services will be given long service awards in recognition of their commitment and loyalty.
The head office of the Group is located at one of the prime sites in Wanchai with easy accessibility to work with well developed traffic network throughout. The office is the self-owned and self-managed property of the Group with rather spacious working environment that affords the employees a comfortable working place with good property management.
As the office is self-owned and self-managed, it avoids the frequent re- location of office which can help reduction of building wastes in short and 
The Group emphasizes to provide its employees a safety office for works all the time. Notices are displayed in all conspicuous positions in the workplace to highlight the action to be taken on discovering a fire.
ENvIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOvERNANCE ISSuES (Cont'd) 
The Group advocates environmental protection. The Group continued to support World Wide Fund s global and local conservation efforts. The Group played a part in its Earth Hour by switching off the exterior and billboard lighting of certain properties under the Group for an hour on the night of 29th March, 2014.
The Group is also committed to minimising the adverse impact that its operations may have on the environment. The Group encourages double- sided printing in office in order to save trees. The Group also convenes meetings for directorsmanagement stay overseas by mean of telephone conference in order to minimize the carbon footprint from frequent overseas travel. The Group encourages reduction of light pollution by switching off the unnecessary lights after its office and shopping malls are closed. During 2014, traditional high energy consumption lights at shopping malls were replaced by LED lightings. Over the recent years, the Group s properties have been designed andor constructed with green ideas and features by maximizing the use of natural renewable resources and recycledgreen building material, minimizing the consumption of energy, and reducing construction and demolition waste in development 
The Group has undertaken a redevelopment project in Wanchai with the Urban Renewal Authority aiming to preserve the Old Wan Chai Market (the Market ). The Market is a pre-war Bauhaus-style building constructed in 1937 and rated as a Grade III heritage building in Hong Kong. During the heritage conversion process, the Group adopted a core elements preservation strategy approved by local conservation bodies, which preserved the core and major components of the Market, including the entire exterior and facade, the interior structure, and part of its original appearance and successfully developed the site into a unique property development namely One WanChai, a residentialcommercial complex with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet. Towering above a significant historical landmark, One WanChai is the first such redevelopment in Hong Kong and is well known as an iconic blending of heritage and modern architecture.

The Group is committed to upholding high standards of business integrity, honesty and transparency in its business dealings and to respecting the rights and interests of customers.
The Group endeavours to comply with the newly launched Residential Properties (First-hand Sales) Ordinance to protect purchasers rights and interests all the time.
ENvIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOvERNANCE ISSuES (Cont'd) 
The Group is committed to making a positive contribution to the communities in which it operates for all the time. During the Year, the Group continued to actively support meaningful activities in the community, and to encourage and promote volunteerism throughout the 
The Company has formed a voluntary service team since 2007. The Group together with its staff andor voluntary service team had participated in various community programmes, charitable fundraising activities and volunteer services for helping the communities in need, suffering people and children with special needs from time to time during the Year. The Group had participated in (among others) The Great Chefs of Hong Kong and flag day organised by Heep Hong Society, circulation of flag bags within the Group organised by Hong Kong Alzheimer s Disease Association, Dress Pink Day organised by Hong Kong Cancer Fund, Pass-it-On organised by Hong Kong Red Cross, Oxfam Rice Event organised by Oxfam Hong Kong, Olympic Day cum Olympic Day Run organised by Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China, Dress Casual Day and The Community Chest Green Day organised by The Community Chest of Hong Kong, and Skip-A-Meal and Used Book Recycling Campaign organised by World Vision Hong Kong, for few years.
Moreover, the Group supports a barrier-free environment in the community. Certain premises of the Group (including shopping malls, commercial and residential properties) provide barrier-free access and facilities for people in need including persons with disabilities such as the provision of automatic door opening devices for the exit doors, wheelchair lending services and premises with disabled toilets.
In 2014, the Company was awarded as an Family-Friendly Employer in 2011 and 201314 and an Distinguished Family-Friendly Employer in 201314 by Family Council. The Company was also awarded as Caring Company , being the eighth consecutive year, by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service in recognition of our good corporate citizenship.

The Company is continuously committed to maintaining good communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to ensure their thorough understanding of the Group s strategies and business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor 
INvESTOR RELATIONS (Cont'd) The Company maintains a Company s website (www.chineseestates.com) to make the Company s information available on the internet, including the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important information to the investing public on corporate governance structure, policies and systems, profiles of the Directors and senior executives as well as terms of reference of Board committees.
The up-to-date information of the Group is available for public access on the Company s website. The Company encourages its shareholders to take advantage of the Company s website and welcomes suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to share their views and suggestions by contacting the Company at 
Shareholders can raise their enquiries to the Board or the company secretary of the Company in writing by sending such written enquiries to the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong at 26th Floor, MassMutual Tower, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email at investor.relations@chineseestates.com . Shareholders also have right to raise questions at general meetings.

The economic environment of the United States and the European countries are showing signs of recovery. It is hoped that the recent embarking of the unprecedented quantitative easing program by the European countries will further facilitate their economic recovery. It is expected that those loose monetary measures will be maintained in the foreseeable future and the global economy will continue to recover in the 
Our well-located retail investment properties in Hong Kong consistently recorded satisfactory rental growth and high occupancy rates during the Year. Rental rates of certain retail business sectors have shown indications of reaching their peaks. The Group will continue to refine its tenant mix and actively launch marketing and promotion activities to accommodate the ever changing consumption patterns. The Group remains cautiously optimistic in the rental income growth from its retail investment 
Subsequent to the disposal of the companies holding Silvercord in January 2015, contribution of rental income from Silvercord to the Group in year 2015 will be significantly lowered. It is expected that the disposal of the company holding The ONE will be completed in the year ending 31st December, 2015. As a result, rental contribution from The ONE to the Group in year 2015 will be reduced to extent that there will be rental contribution only until before completion of disposal. Essentially all sale proceeds from the disposal transaction of Silvercord has been distributed as special interim dividend, and it is expected that majority of the sale proceeds from the disposal of company holding The ONE will be declared as dividend. However, there will be no material corresponding income contribution to the Group from the sale proceeds from the disposal in respect of Silvercord and the expected sale proceeds from the disposal in respect of The ONE in year 2015.
The demand for quality commercial premises in key locations in Hong Kong remained solid during the Year. The Group s office investment properties situated in prime locations recorded good leasing performance.
It is expected that the Group s office investment properties will continue to lease well and will provide steady rental income.
The performance of the local residential property market improved during the Year. Amidst of stringent property-related policies by the Hong Kong Government, demand for local residential properties was strong, especially for small-to-medium sized units. The Group expects continuing demand for local housing and is optimistic in its property development business in 
With the recognition of the new norm in economic development as well as the implementation of macro-control measures to adjust the economic structure and alter the economic development trend by the Central Government, it is expected that the economy in Mainland China will maintain medium-to-high growth rate and relatively stable development within a reasonable range. As a result of the lowering of the benchmark interest rate and the required reserve ratio, the relaxation of the mortgage policy and the decrease in government intervention, the Group believes that the future development of the property market in Mainland China will become more stable and healthy.
The construction works of the Group s magnificent project in Chengdu Chinese Estates Plaza is completing. In particular, the Grade A office building, Chinese Estates Centre, had its leasing works commenced; while the five-star hotel The St. Regis Chengdu also had its grand opening taken place in December 2014, bringing further expansion to the hospitality business oPROSPECTS (Cont'd) River Court, the Group s investment property in London, will continue making contributions through stable return.
In summary, the Group remains confident in its core businesses. The Group will prudently monitor the property markets of Hong Kong, Mainland China and overseas, strive to expand its land bank and investment property portfolio to further strengthen the Group s value and achieve long-term sustainable growth.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their continuing support. I would also like to express my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their dedication and hard work.
f the Group in China.

Hong Kong, 19th March, 2015 