Chairman s Statement 
The directors of the Company (the Directors ) have resolved to recommend a final dividend of HK12 cents per share for the year ended 31st December, 2005 (2004: HK11 cents) and propose to give shareholders the option of receiving part or all of the final dividend in form of new shares ( scrip dividend ) in lieu of cash dividend. This scrip dividend proposal (the Proposal ) will be conditional on (i) the approval of the proposed final dividend at 2006 Annual General Meeting of the Company and (ii) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) granting a listing of and permission to deal in the shares to be issued pursuant to the Proposal.
Together with the interim dividend of HK9 cents (2004: HK8.5 cents) per share, the total distribution for 2005 will amount to HK21 cents per share (2004: 
The register of members will be closed from 29th May, 2006 to 1st June, 2006 both days inclusive and those persons whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 1st June, 2006 will be entitled to receive the proposed final dividend. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers must be lodged with the Company s Branch Share Registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712- 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on 26th May, 2006.
It is expected that the final dividend will be paid to those entitled on or around 30th June, 2006 subject to the shareholders approval at the 2006 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

Hong Kong Property Investment Rentals from investment properties remain the Group s main income contribution. During the period under review, the net rental income has increased by 3.5% to HK$688 million for the year ended 31st December, 2005, as compared with the corresponding period last year. The increase in net rental income is attributable to the uptrend of the rental rates as a result of the growth of tourist spending and local consumption during the year.
The overall occupancy rate for the Group s retail properties recorded a high level of 97%. Such sustainable high occupancy rate is attributable to the prime locations of the majority of the Group s retail properties. Retail rental renewals and new lettings have been very promising due to the growth of tourist spending as well as domestic spending during the year.
The occupancy rate for the Group s office properties maintained at a high level throughout the year. As at 31st December, 2005, the occupancy rates for Windsor House, MassMutual Tower and Harcourt House were 93%, 97% and 92% respectively, bringing the occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 
Occupancy rates and rentals are expected to further improve in Hong Kong s retail and office property markets.
In June 2005, the Group announced the redevelopment of Tung Ying Building in Tsim Sha Tsui. The building was vacant in December 2005 and its redevelopment has started early this year.
During the year, the Company carried out renovation works at basement of Silvercord Shopping Arcade in Tsim Sha Tsui (now known as VIM) and Laforet at Excelsior Plaza in Causeway Bay. VIM was opened in late 2005 and Laforet will be re-open soon.
BUSINESS REVIEW (cont d) Hong Kong Property Development In general, the Group s development projects have been making good progress and sales have been achieving pleasing results.
During the year, 62 houses of Miami Crescent (50% interest), 141 units of Mount Beacon (33 1 3 % interest), 19 units of Indihome (50% interest) and 71 units of Parc Palais (10% interest) were sold.
For the Tai Yuen Street redevelopment project undertaken with the Urban Renewal Authority (87.5% direct interest), the construction of Phase 1 of the project was completed and the pre-sale consent application was being processed. We expect that the pre-sale will be launched in the third quarter of 
In September 2005, a joint venture formed among the Group, Sino Land Company Limited and Nan Fung Development Limited has successfully bid two pieces of land located at Hoi Ting Road and the junction of Hoi Wang Road and Hoi Ting Road, West Kowloon Reclamation Area with a total gross floor area of 1,095,980 square feet which will be developed into residential and retail 
Macau Property Development In December 2005, the Group acquired 5 parcels of adjoining land in Taipa, Macau (70.01% interest). The acquisition was completed early 2006. The project will be divided into 4 phases with a total of 25 blocks comprising 24 residential blocks and one block of serviced apartments. The total gross floor area of the whole development is approximately 4.23 million square feet. The phase I of this project is expected to be launched within this year.
BUSINESS REVIEW (cont d) PRC Property Investment During the year, the Company acquired the remaining 50% equity interest in JadeField Limited which owns the unsold portion of Evergo Tower (formerly known as Peregrine Plaza). Evergo Tower, which is located at Central Huaihai Road, one of the most prestigious commercial districts in Shanghai, is a 23-storey officeshopping complex including a 2-storey basement and has a total gross floor area of 267,077 square feet. Apart from 3,369 square feet of office space being sold, the remaining portion of the property is for leasing purpose as a long- term investment. The averaged occupancy rates of the office and retail spaces stood high at 90% and 99% respectively for the year ended 31st December, 2005. On the other hand, the Company disposed its entire interest in Hong Kong New World Tower, Shanghai early 2006.
The averaged occupancy rate of the 79 retail outlets in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen (100% interest) was 98% .
Hilton Beijing (50% interest) maintained an averaged occupancy rate of 85%.
The renovation works for all its guest rooms were completed in August 2005.
Introduction of Internationally Renowned Investor In February 2006, The Children s Investment Fund Management (UK) LLP acquired 177,965,187 shares of the Company, representing 8.21% of the existing issued share capital of the Company. The Directors believed that the introduction of institutional investor would be in the long term interests of the 
The Group is optimistic with the property market of Hong Kong and Greater China Regions and will launch a series of property sales or presales which are of high quality and cater for the needs and tastes of different buyers.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to capture opportunities for acquiring premier investment properties. After the successful acquisition of the URA re- development project in Larch Street and the acquisition of Hoi Ting Road and Hoi Wang Road land (25% interest), the landbank of the Group has been replenished satisfactorily. The Group will also further enhance the value of its existing investment properties through continuous redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programs such as those of Tung Ying Building, Silvercord Shopping Arcade, Excelsior Plaza and Windsor House. At the same time, the Group has strived to focus on producing mid to high-end properties and identify lucrative business opportunities in the Mainland China and Macau, aiming at maximizing the shareholders value.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the shareholders for their continuing support and all the staff for their dedication and hard work.
On behalf of the Board Thomas Lau, Luen-hung 
Hong Kong, 11th April, 2006 