Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2015 (the Year ) to the shareholders of the Company.

Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$7,727.2 million as compared to HK$8,744.9 million for last year. The decrease in profit for the Year was mainly arising from decline in attributable net rental income as a result of the disposals of the Company s wholly- owned subsidiaries that ultimately held the properties known as Silvercord and The ONE in January 2015 and July 2015 respectively, decline in attributable property sale profit, no dividend income from the Group s investee company in respect of property development and trading and decline in net gain on disposals of subsidiaries, despite increase in gain recognised on securities investments, increase of fair value gain on investment properties and share of gain on disposal of subsidiaries by an associate. Earnings per share for the Year was HK$4.05 (2014: HK$4.58).
If the net gain on the major non-cash items of HK$4,785.1 million (2014: HK$3,877.4 million) are excluded, but the realised fair value changes together with their respective deferred tax on disposals of investment properties from the Group and its associates in current year recognised loss for the Year of HK$154.6 million (2014: HK$0.3 million) is retained and the accumulated realised fair value gain together with their respective deferred tax on disposals of investment properties from the Group and its associates recognised in prior years of HK$13,843.7 million (2014: HK$55.0 million) is included, the Group will have a core profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year of HK$16,785.8 million (2014: HK$4,922.5 million) and a core earnings per share of HK879.9 cents (2014: HK258.0 cents), which were both 3.4 times to those in the year of 
The major non-cash items represented the attributable unrealised fair value gain on investment properties together with their respective deferred tax from the Group and its associates of HK$4,785.1 million (2014: 
During the Year, the board of directors of the Company (the Directors or the Board ) had paid an interim dividend of HK30 cents per share (payment date: 14th September, 2015) (2014: HK30 cents per share) and special interim dividends of (i) HK$4 per share (payment date: 13th January, 2015), (ii) HK$2.6 per share (payment date: 15th July, 2015) and (iii) HK$1.2 per share (payment date: 14th September, 2015) (2014: HK$2.55 per share) and declared a conditional special interim dividend of HK$2 per share which was paid after completion of a disposal transaction occurred in January 2016 (payment date: 20th January, 2016). As the Company has paid substantial interim dividends during the Year, the Board has recommended the payment of a nominal final dividend of HK1 cent per share for the Year (the Final Dividend ) (2014: HK1 cent per share).
Subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 19th May, 2016 (the 2016 AGM ), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 6th June, 2016 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 26th May, 2016.
As stated in the Company s circular dated 15th January, 2016, the Board may declare and pay one or more special cash interim dividend(s) in anticipation of the completion of the major and connected transactions regarding, inter alia, disposal of wholly-owned subsidiaries that ultimately held the property known as Windsor House (which is scheduled to be on or before 31st December, 2016) subject to the then financial and cashflow position of the Group.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For the purpose of ascertaining the members eligibility to attend and vote at the 2016 AGM, and entitlement to the recommended Final Dividend, the register of members will be closed during the following periods 
To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2016 AGM, and to qualify for the recommended Final Dividend, all properly completed share transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong, namely Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than the respective latest time as 
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES The Group is one of the leading property developers in Hong Kong and its core businesses comprise property investments for rental and property development for sale as well as securities investments.
The Group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
The Group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential properties in prime locations in Hong Kong; and enjoying profit contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
In Mainland China, the Group invested in office properties, shopping arcades and hotel business in the prestigious areas to generate stable and recurrent rental income.
Other than property investment and development in Hong Kong and or Mainland China, the Group is actively grasping the opportunities for acquiring properties in the United Kingdom.
The Group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and beneficial to the Group s development.
Apart from the aforesaid, the Group has conducted variety of securities investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury 
The Group believes that the stable rental income from its investment properties, together with the property development and trading as well as securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows the Group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Hong Kong Property Investment Rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major sources of our income. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s retail portfolio was 97.42% during the Year. The high occupancy rate was attributable to the prime locations of the majority of the Group s retail 
The Group s attributable overall gross rental income from Hong Kong including the performance of non wholly-owned properties was HK$1,090.1 million for the Year, recorded a decrease of 35.23% as compared with last year. The rental income from retail portion recorded substantial decline of 50.80% while the non-retail portion recorded steady growth of 7.09%. The decline of rental income from retail portion was mainly due to the disposal of the companies holding Silvercord and The ONE in January 2015 and July 2015 respectively. Although Mainland China tourists spending in Hong Kong is yet to be recovered and the local consumption demand was still weak, as the Group s retail properties located mainly in prime shopping areas and were highly praised and appreciated by tenants, therefore retail rents were generally raised.
However, rental rates for certain retail business sectors have shown the indications of reaching their peaks.
During the Year, the average occupancy rate of the shops of Causeway Place was approximately 85.82% excluding those disposed of.
The overall rental income of Windsor House was raised 5.24% for the Year as compared with last year. During the Year, its average occupancy rate was approximately 93.85%. Windsor House provides shoppers a cozy shopping environment with a diversified trade mix. Various marketing and promotion activities are held in Windsor House from time to time which boost shoppers flow and thus increase tenants business turnover. As a result, Windsor House recorded steady rental growth and high occupancy 
Olympian City 3 (25% interest), the retail mall in The Hermitage residences in West Kowloon, the average occupancy rate was approximately 99.59% during the Year.
Coronation Circle (15% interest), the retail mall in The Coronation residences in West Kowloon, the average occupancy rate was approximately 60.37% during the Year.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Investment (Cont'd) The occupancy rate for the Group s office properties maintained at a high level throughout the Year. During the Year, the average occupancy rates of Windsor House, MassMutual Tower and Harcourt House were approximately 95.61%, 99.65% and 99.38% respectively, bringing the approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 97.93%.
In November 2015, the Group entered into a disposal agreement to dispose the company holding MassMutual Tower and the transaction was completed in January 2016. In December 2015, the Group entered into a disposal agreement to dispose the companies holding Windsor House, such transaction is expected to be completed in 2016.
Hong Kong Property Development In general, the Group s development projects have been progressing 
No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace, located in Mid-Levels East, is a traditional prestigious location for luxury residential project in Hong Kong. A luxury residential tower which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 40,726 square feet will be redeveloped. Superstructure work is in progress. Completion of the project is re-scheduled to the fourth quarter 
One South Lane is located in the Western District and enjoys close proximity to the HKU MTR Station. It will be redeveloped into a luxury residentialretail tower with a total gross floor area of around 41,353 square feet and consists of 92 residential units. Superstructure and fitting-out works are in progress. Completion of the project is tentatively scheduled for end of the second quarter of 2016. Since its pre-sales commenced in September 2014, 88 units were presold up to 31st December, 2015, representing 95.65% of total units.
The Group has a two-phase redevelopment project in Wanchai (87.5% interest) undertaken with the Urban Renewal Authority. All residential units of The Zenith (Phase I project) were sold. One WanChai (Phase II project with preservation of the core elements of Wanchai Market) is a residentialcommercial complex development with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet which provides 237 residential units and retail properties. As at 31st December, 2015, all residential units of One WanChai were sold.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Development (Cont'd) 55 Conduit Road (70% interest) is a luxury residential development in Mid-Levels West with total residential gross floor area of around 87,800 square feet which provides 35 residential units. The occupation permit and the certificate of compliance were issued in March 2015 and November 2015 respectively and it has been launched in December 2015. As at 31st December, 2015, 11 units were presold, representing 31.43% of total units.
The Hermitage (25% interest) is one of the Group s joint venture development projects in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. As at 31st December, 2015, 99.79% of total units were sold (2 units remaining).
The Coronation (15% interest) is another joint venture development project of the Group in West Kowloon. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. As at 31st December, 2015, 99.86% of total units were sold (1 unit remaining).
Kwun Tong Town Centre Project (Development Areas 2 and 3) (10% interest) is a joint venture development project of the Group awarded by the Urban Renewal Authority. Its total site area is approximately 234,160 square feet. Total gross floor area of around 1,853,561 square feet will be developed. Foundation work is in progress and the whole project is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2021.
Mainland China Property Investment During the Year, the 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately 29,000 square feet in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen were fully let 
Evergo Tower, located at Central Huaihai Road in Shanghai, is a 21-storey office and shopping complex and has a gross floor area of around 263,708 square feet. The average occupancy rates of the office and retail spaces for the Year were approximately 78.06% and 95.40% respectively.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Investment (Cont'd) Hilton Beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate was approximately 76.21% for the Year.
Oriental Place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to Hilton Beijing, average occupancy rate was approximately 97.88% for the Year.
In August 2015, an associate of the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to dispose the company holding Platinum (50% interest) in Shanghai and the transaction was completed in September 
Mainland China Property Development In July 2015, the Group disposed the companies holding the property projects known as Splendid City, The Metropolis and Chinese Estates Plaza, all located in Chengdu.
During the Year, the Group has disposed a company holding The Coronation (25% interest), a commercial and residential project located in Chongqing. Completion of the transaction occurred in October 2015.
Overseas Property Investment River Court is a Grade A freehold office building situate at 116-129 Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom. It provides a total net internal area of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking spaces. It was fully let out as of 31st December, 2015.

The Group s strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for 
The gain recognised on securities investments for the Year was HK$860.3 million. Details of the performance of securities investments are disclosed under Financial Operation Review of this annual report. The Group will continue to closely monitor its portfolio of securities investments to achieve satisfactory returns.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD Disposal of a Subsidiary holding The ONE Major and Connected 
The Group has on 12th December, 2014 entered into a sale and purchase agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company that ultimately held the property known as The ONE located in Tsimshatsui, Hong Kong to the company wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau, Luen-hung ( Mr. Joseph Lau ), a substantial shareholder and a controlling shareholder of the Company, at the final consideration of approximately HK$5,020.6 million ( The ONE Transaction ). The ONE Transaction constituted a major and connected transaction of the Company under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Listing Rules ) and was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company ( Independent Shareholders ) at the special general meeting of the Company held on 23rd January, 2015. The ONE Transaction was completed on 15th July, 2015. Details of the The ONE Transaction were set out in the Company s announcement dated 12th December, 2014; circular dated 7th January, 2015; and announcements dated 15th July, 2015 and 13th August, 2015.
Disposal of Gemstar Tower Car Parking Spaces On 23rd June, 2015, the Group entered into a provisional agreement for sale and purchase in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the roof and 50 car parking spaces at Gemstar Tower, Hung Hom, Hong Kong held by the Group to an independent third party at a consideration of HK$90.0 million. Completion of the disposal took place on 21st December, 2015.
Disposal of Subsidiaries holding Chengdu Projects Discloseable 
On 14th July, 2015, the Group entered into an equity and debt transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the Company s wholly- owned subsidiaries that ultimately held, inter alia, the property projects located at Chengdu, People s Republic of China ( PRC ) known as Splendid City, The Metropolis and Chinese Estates Plaza, together with an investment in a PRC partnership which was set up mainly for the purpose of long term capital investment, to an independent third party at a consideration of HK$6,500.0 million ( Chengdu Transaction ). Chengdu Transaction constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules. Details of Chengdu Transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 14th July, 2015. Completion of Chengdu Transaction took place on 30th July, 2015.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Disposal of a Company holding Platinum by an Associate An associate of the Group (50% interest) has on 7th August, 2015 entered into a sale and purchase agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a company that ultimately held the office building namely Platinum located at Shanghai, PRC to an independent third party of the Company at a final consideration of approximately US$322.5 million.
Completion of the disposal took place on 30th September, 2015.
Disposal of a Subsidiary holding Chongqing Project Discloseable 
On 19th October, 2015, the Group entered into an equity and debt receivable transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, which in turn owns 25% of the company that ultimately held the entire interests in the property project located at Chongqing, PRC known as The Coronation, to an independent third party at a consideration of HK$1,750.0 million ( Chongqing Transaction ). Chongqing Transaction constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules. Details of Chongqing Transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 19th October, 2015. Completion of Chongqing Transaction took place on 27th October, 
Disposal of a Subsidiary holding MassMutual Tower Major 
The Group has on 12th November, 2015 entered into an equity and debt transfer agreement in relation to, inter alia, disposal of a wholly- owned subsidiary of the Company that ultimately held the commercial property known as MassMutual Tower located in Wanchai, Hong Kong to an independent third party, at the final consideration of approximately HK$12,448.3 million ( MMT Transaction ). MMT Transaction constituted a major transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules. MMT Transaction was completed on 15th January, 2016. Details of MMT Transaction were set out in the Company s announcement dated 12th November, 2015; circular dated 3rd December, 2015; and announcement dated 15th January, 2016.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Disposal of a Residential Unit of 55 Conduit Road Connected 
As announced on 21st December, 2015, the Group accepted a tender submitted by Ms. Amy Lau, Yuk-wai, a non-executive director of the Company, to purchase a residential unit together with a car parking space of the Group s luxury residential development located in Mid-Levels West, Hong Kong, namely 55 Conduit Road at the purchase price of HK$124,118,000. The transaction constituted a connected transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules and is expected to be completed on or before 29th April, 2016.
Disposal of Subsidiaries holding Windsor House Major and 
As announced on 23rd December, 2015, the Group has on 23rd December, 2015 entered into sale and purchase agreements, in relation to, inter alia, disposal of the wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company that ultimately held the property known as Windsor House located in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong to the company wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau at a consideration capped at HK$12,010.0 million in total ( Windsor Transactions ). Windsor Transactions constituted major and connected transactions of the Company under the Listing Rules and were approved by the Independent Shareholders at the special general meeting of the Company held on 2nd February, 2016. Details of Windsor Transactions were set out in the announcement of the Company dated 23rd December, 2015 and the circular of the Company dated 15th January, 2016. Completion shall take place on or before 31st December, 2016.
Acquisition of a Property in the United Kingdom In March 2016, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party to acquire a freehold property situate at 1214 St. George Street, Mayfair, London at a consideration of GBP121.7 million. Completion of the acquisition shall take place on or before 15th 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND 
The Group is aware of the importance of corporate social responsibility and considers the fundamental success of corporate development is attaching to corporate social responsibility.
Employment and Staff Care The Group considers its employees as its important asset and strives to attract and retain the best people for the sustainable growth of the Group.
As a caring company, the Group provides equal opportunity to employees and prohibits discrimination on the basis of personal characteristic. In order to sustain a safe, fair and respectful environment to employees, the Group had established code of practices for employees.
The Group is committed to providing a fair and competitive remuneration package in the form of basic salary, incentive pay (discretionary bonus), mandatory and voluntary provident funds, and other fringe benefits, such as healthcare benefits (including medical insurance, personal accident insurance and employee compensation), paid leave for various purposes (including annual leave, maternity leave, paternity leave, marriage leave, sick leave, examination leave and compassionate leave), and education and training sponsorship.
Besides, employees are encouraged to have a good balance among work, health and social activities which has been supported by adopting a five- day workweek and arranging early release from work for festivals. During the Year, the Group arranged a parent-child activity relating to organic farming. The aims of the activity are to encourage parents and child to experience green life through organic agriculture, to encourage employees the participation of extracurricular activity with family members as well as to advance parent-child activity.
Moreover, the Group s annual dinner is one of its most important functions where the management and employees can meet together in a relaxed circumstance. During the annual dinner, employees who have completed at least 10 consecutive years of services will be given long service awards in recognition of their commitment and loyalty; employees who have participated the community services or volunteer activities for more than 10 hours in the Year will also be awarded by the Group in recognition of their commitment and contribution.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ISSUES (Cont'd) Health and Safety The head office of the Group is located at one of the prime sites in Wanchai with easy accessibility to work with well developed traffic network throughout. The office is the self-managed property of the Group with rather spacious working environment that affords the employees a comfortable working place with good property management.
The Group emphasises to provide its employees a safety office for works all the time. Notices are displayed in all conspicuous positions in the workplace to highlight the action to be taken on discovering a fire.
The Group alerts the importance of the prevention of influenza. Over the past years, free influenza vaccinations were arranged for employees.

The Group is committed to upholding high standards of business integrity, honesty and transparency in its business dealings and to respecting the rights and interests of customers.
The Group endeavours to comply with the Residential Properties (First- hand Sales) Ordinance, Chapter 621 of the laws of Hong Kong to protect purchasers rights and interests all the time.

The Group is committed to making a positive contribution to the communities in which it operates for all the time. During the Year, the Group continued to actively support meaningful activities in the community, and to encourage and promote volunteerism throughout the 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ISSUES (Cont'd) Community Involvement (Cont'd) The Company has formed a voluntary service team since 2007. The Group together with its staff andor voluntary service team had participated in various community programmes, charitable fundraising activities and volunteer services for helping the communities in need, suffering people and children with special needs from time to time during the Year. The Group continues to participate in (among others) circulation of flag bags within the Group organized by Hong Kong Alzheimer s Disease Association, Dress Pink Day organised by Hong Kong Cancer Fund, Pass-it-On organised by Hong Kong Red Cross, Oxfam Rice Event organised by Oxfam Hong Kong, Olympic Fun Run organised by Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China, Standard Chartered Hong Kong Marathon Run for Paralympians Charity Programme organised by Hong Kong Paralympic Committee & Sports Association for the Physically Disabled, Hong Kong and Kowloon Walk for Millions and Dress Casual Day organised by The Community Chest of Hong Kong, and Skip-A-Meal and Used Book Recycling Campaign organised by World Vision Hong Kong. During the Year, the Group had also participated in (among others) flag day organised by Ocean Park Conservation Foundation, Hong Kong and AVS Walk & Run for Volunteering 2015 organised by Agency for Volunteer Service.
Moreover, the Group supports a barrier-free environment in the community. Certain premises of the Group (including shopping malls, commercial and residential properties) provide barrier-free access and facilities for people in need including persons with disabilities such as the installation of automatic door opening devices for the exit doors, the provision of wheelchair lending services and premises with disabled 
The Company was awarded as Caring Company , being the ninth consecutive year, by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service in recognition of our good corporate citizenship.
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ISSUES (Cont'd) 
The Group advocates environmental protection. The Group continued to support World Wide Fund s global and local conservation efforts. The Group played a part in their Earth Hour by switching off the exterior and billboard lighting of certain properties under the Group for an hour on the night of 28th March, 2015.
The Group is also committed to minimising the adverse impact that its operations may have on the environment. The Group encourages double-sided printing in office in order to save trees. The Group also convenes meetings for directorsmanagement who stay overseas by mean of telephone conference in order to minimize the carbon footprint from frequent overseas travel. The Group encourages reduction of light pollution by switching off the unnecessary lights after its office and shopping malls are closed. Traditional high energy consumption lights at shopping malls were replaced by LED lightings since 2014. Over the recent years, the Group s properties have been designed and or constructed with green ideas and features by maximizing the use of natural renewable resources and recycledgreen building material, minimizing the consumption of energy, and reducing construction and demolition waste in development projects.
The Group has undertaken a redevelopment project in Wanchai with the Urban Renewal Authority aiming to preserve the Old Wan Chai Market (the Market ). The Market is a pre-war Bauhaus-style building constructed in 1937 and rated as a Grade III heritage building in Hong Kong. During the heritage conversion process, the Group adopted a core elements preservation strategy approved by local conservation bodies, which preserved the core and major components of the Market, including the entire exterior and facade, the interior structure, and part of its original appearance and successfully developed the site into a unique property development namely One WanChai, a residentialcommercial complex with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet. Towering above a significant historical landmark, One WanChai is the first such redevelopment in Hong Kong and is well known as an iconic blending of heritage and modern architecture.

The Company is continuously committed to maintaining good communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to ensure their thorough understanding of the Group s strategies and business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor 
The Company maintains a Company s website (www.chineseestates.com) to make the Company s information available on the internet, including the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important information to the investing public on corporate governance structure, policies and systems, profiles of the Directors and senior executives as well as terms of reference of Board committees.
The up-to-date information of the Group is available for public access on the Company s website. The Company encourages its shareholders to take advantage of the Company s website and welcomes suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to share their views and suggestions by contacting the Company at 
Shareholders can raise their enquiries to the Board or the company secretary of the Company in writing by sending such written enquiries to the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong at 26th Floor, MassMutual Tower, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email at investor.relations@chineseestates.com . Shareholders also have right to raise questions at general meetings.

The economic recovery in the United States continues to be modest with the support of strengthening housing and labour markets. With the modest interest rate increment, it is expected that the domestic demand in the United States will be on the right track of steadily growth.
Meanwhile, despite the unprecedented amounts of monetary stimulus, the economic recovery of the European countries is slowing and inflation is retreating. It is expected that stimulus will be expanded to counter the risk of low inflation in the European countries and it is hoped that the global economy will continue to recover in the times ahead.

The supply of residential units in Hong Kong is rising and it is inevitable that the local market price for the residential sector is under pressure.
The Group s properties under development held for sale are located at good hillside location. As the demand for certain local high-end housing sectors should remain solid, the Group believes that the pressure could be reduced and the Group is optimistic in its property development business in Hong Kong. On the other hand, the performance of certain retail business sectors has shown indications of reaching their peaks, especially the tourists-related businesses. Although the Group s well-located retail investment properties in Hong Kong leased well during the Year, the Group will continue to closely monitor the changes in local consumption patterns, refine its tenant mix, boost customer flow and spending for its retail investment properties by organising various marketing and promotional activities. The Group remains cautiously optimistic in the rental income growth from its retail investment properties.
Subsequent to the disposal of the company holding MassMutual Tower in January 2016, contribution of rental income from MassMutual Tower to the Group in year 2016 will be significantly lowered. Meanwhile, it is expected that the disposal of the companies holding Windsor House will be completed in year 2016. As a result, rental contribution from Windsor House to the Group in year 2016 will be maintained to such extent right up before completion of disposal. As announced, part of the sale proceeds from the disposal transaction of MassMutual Tower had been distributed as conditional special interim dividend, and it is expected that majority part of the sale proceeds from the disposal of companies holding Windsor House will be declared as dividend. The respective gainloss from the disposals of MassMutual Tower and Windsor House will be recorded in year 2016. With the sustained demand for quality commercial premises in key locations, especially from Mainland Chinese enterprises, the Group expects the leasing performance of remaining office investment properties will continue to grow.

With the implementation of economic transition, the economy in Mainland China is more reliant on household consumption and services. Domestic consumption s contribution to Mainland China s GDP and total retail sales of consumer goods has been increasing. Despite the economic growth has slowed down in Mainland China, the One Belt and One Road policy will promote economic growth and sustainable development. It is believed that the economy in Mainland China is making headway its transformation to a more sustainable growth model and the fundamentals of Mainland China s economy remain strong. The Group expects retail and office investment properties in Mainland China will continue to lease well and will provide steady rental income. The Group will consider realising its property interests in Mainland China if good opportunity arises.
River Court, the Group s investment property in London, will continue making contributions through stable return. The Group has in March 2016 entered into a contract to acquire another investment property in London.
The Group will remain skeptically proactive and continue to monitor the property markets of Hong Kong, Mainland China and overseas closely, and may replenish its land bank and identify potential acquisition targets to expand its investment property portfolio at opportune times.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their continuing support. I would also like to express my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their dedication and hard work.

Hong Kong, 15th March, 2016 