Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2013 (the Year ) to the shareholders of the Company.

Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$6,317.7 million as compared to HK$9,794.9 million for last year. The decrease in profit for the Year was mainly due to the decrease in fair value gain on investment properties and fair value loss of bonds was recorded for the Year as opposed to a fair value gain for last year. Earnings per share for the Year was HK$3.31 (2012: HK$5.14).
If the net gain on the major non-cash items of HK$2,917.6 million (2012: HK$5,815.8 million) are excluded, but the realised fair value gain on disposal of investment properties in current year recognised for the Year of HK$491.4 million and the accumulated realised fair value gain recognised in prior years of HK$356.7 million are included, the Group will have a core profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year of HK$3,756.8 million (2012: HK$3,979.1 million) and a core earnings per share of HK196.9 cents (2012: HK208.6 cents), both showed a decrease of 5.6% to last year.
The major non-cash items were unrealised fair value gain on investment properties together with their respective deferred tax of HK$2,917.6 million (2012: fair value gain on investment properties, gain on revaluation of stock of properties together with their respective deferred tax of HK$6,510.5 million and costs of development recognized in respect of property project in Macau of HK$694.7 million).

The board of directors of the Company (the Directors or the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK50 cents per share for the Year (the Final Dividend ) (2012: HK20 cents per share).
Subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 20th May, 2014 (the 2014 AGM ), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 6th June, 2014 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 27th May, 2014.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For the purpose of ascertaining the members eligibility to attend and vote at the 2014 AGM, and entitlement to the recommended Final Dividend, the register of members will be closed during the following periods 
To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2014 AGM, and to qualify for the recommended Final Dividend, all properly completed share transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong, namely Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than the respective latest time as 
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES The Group is one of the leading property developers in Hong Kong and its core businesses comprise of property investments for rental and property development for sale as well as securities investments.
The Group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
The Group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential properties in prime location in Hong Kong; and enjoying profit contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
In Mainland China, development of mid to high-end residential properties with superb designs, construction and management services is our target.
The Group is developing a multipurpose complex for residential commercial properties in Chengdu, Mainland China, in which the Group will retain its interests in the retail, office and hotel portions after sale of residential units. Through maintenance of certain interests in retail, office and hotel portions, the Group would generate stable and recurrent rental 
The Group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and beneficial to the Group s development.
Apart from the aforesaid, the Group has conducted variety of securities investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury 
The Group believes that the stable rental income from its investment properties, together with the property development and trading as well as securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows the Group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Hong Kong Property Investment Rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major sources of our income. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s retail portfolio was 98.87% during the Year. The high occupancy rate is attributable to the prime locations of the majority of the Group s retail 
The Group s overall gross rental growth including the performance of non wholly-owned properties was 7.86% with rental income of HK$1,540.6 million for the Year as compared with last year. The rental income from Hong Kong retail portion showed an upward momentum with 7.98% growth while the non-retail portion recorded steady growth of 7.55%.
Retail rents were generally raised due to the increase in tenants business turnover benefited from the continuous growth of Mainland China tourists spending and the improved local consumption.
The average occupancy rate of the shops of Causeway Place was approximately 85.55% during the Year. Certain shops have been disposed of during the Year.
The overall rental income of Windsor House was raised 7.91% for the Year as compared with last year. During the Year, its average occupancy rate was approximately 97.87%. Windsor House provides shoppers a cozy shopping environment with a diversified trade mix. Various marketing and promotion activities are held in Windsor House from time to time which boost shoppers traffic flow and thus increase tenants business turnover.
As a result, Windsor House recorded steady rental growth and high 
As for Silvercord, the overall rental income was raised 11.08% for the Year as compared with last year. All the shops were fully let out throughout the Year. Benefited from the prosperous shopping atmosphere of Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, as well as the introduction of several luxury and premium brands in the shopping mall, Silvercord s rental rate and property value are generally uplifted.
The tallest retail complex of its kind in Hong Kong, The ONE recorded 11.94% increase of its overall rental income for the Year as compared with last year. Its average occupancy rate was approximately 99.91% during the Year with many of the shops are popular fashion brands and 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Investment (Cont'd) Olympian City 3 (25% interest), the retail mall in The Hermitage residences in West Kowloon Reclamation Area, the average occupancy rate was approximately 99.89% during the Year.
Coronation Circle (15% interest), the retail mall in The Coronation residences in West Kowloon Reclamation Area, the occupancy rate was approximately 60.33% as at 31st December, 2013.
The occupancy rate for the Group s office properties maintained at a high level throughout the Year. During the Year, the average occupancy rates of Windsor House, MassMutual Tower and Harcourt House were approximately 94.64%, 99.47% and 98.19% respectively, bringing the approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 97.18%.
Hong Kong Property Development In general, the Group s development projects have been progressing satisfactorily and the sales have been achieving pleasing results.
No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace, located in Mid-Levels East, is a traditional prestigious location for luxury residential project in Hong Kong. A luxury residential tower which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 40,726 square feet will be redeveloped. Superstructure work is in progress. Completion of the project is scheduled for 2015.
No. 1 South Lane is located in the Western District and enjoys close proximity to the future Hong Kong University MTR Station. It will be redeveloped into a luxury residentialretail tower with a total gross floor area of around 41,350 square feet and consists of 92 residential units.
Foundation work is in progress. Completion of the project is scheduled for the second quarter of 2016 and it is expected to be launched in the second quarter of 2014.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Development (Cont'd) The Group has a two-phase redevelopment project in Wanchai (87.5% interest) undertaken with the Urban Renewal Authority. All residential units of The Zenith (Phase I project) were sold. One WanChai (Phase II project with preservation of the core elements of Wanchai Market) is a residentialcommercial complex development with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet which provides 237 residential units and retail properties. Certificate of compliance was issued in January 2013 and the residential units are being handed over to individual purchasers.
230 units were sold and recognised up to 31st December, 2013, representing 97.05% of total units.
No. 55 Conduit Road (70% interest), a residential site in Mid-Levels with site area of about 36,000 square feet which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 87,800 square feet. This site will be developed into a luxury residential project. Superstructure work is in progress.
Launching of the project is re-scheduled to the fourth quarter of 2014.
The Hermitage (25% interest) is one of the Group s joint venture development projects in West Kowloon Reclamation Area. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. As at 31st December, 2013, 962 units were sold and recognised, representing 99.79% of total units.
The Coronation (15% interest) is another joint venture development project of the Group in West Kowloon Reclamation Area. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. As at 31st December, 2013, 739 units were sold, representing 99.86% of total units.
Mainland China Property Investment The average occupancy rate of the 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately 29,000 square feet in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen was approximately 99.71% for the Year.
Evergo Tower, located at Central Huaihai Road in Shanghai, is a 21-storey office and shopping complex and has a gross floor area of around 263,708 square feet. The average occupancy rates of the office and retail spaces for the Year were approximately 92.11% and 75.02% respectively.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Investment (Cont'd) Platinum (50% interest), a 20-storey Grade A office building located at Taicang Road of Huangpu District in Shanghai, has a gross floor area of about 466,464 square feet. The average occupancy rate for the Year was 
Hilton Beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate was approximately 75.94% for the Year.
Oriental Place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to Hilton Beijing, average occupancy rate was approximately 85.41% for the Year.
Mainland China Property Development Splendid City is a residential and commercial project located at Yingbin Avenue of Jinniu District in Chengdu with a gross floor area of approximately 3.74 million square feet. It comprises two phases with 19 residential tower blocks and a commercial building. Phase I provides 1,226 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet and a commercial building with gross floor area of approximately 272,740 square feet. Phase II provides 1,625 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet. As at 31st December, 2013, 1,212 units of Phase I were sold (representing 98.86% of total units) while 1,565 units of Phase II were sold and 8 units were presold (representing 96.80% of total units).
The Metropolis is a residential project located at Yixue Lane and Tangba Street of Jinjiang District in Chengdu, with site area of approximately 194,411 square feet and corresponding gross floor area of approximately 1.65 million square feet. It will comprise 3 twin residential tower blocks and will be developed in phases. Tower 1 had been completed and provides 572 units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 704 square feet to 2,692 square feet. 372 units were sold (i.e. 65.03%) up to 31st December, 2013. Superstructure work of Tower 2 and the final interior fitting works to its common areas are substantially completed. Tower 2 will provide 573 units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 735 square feet to 2,805 square feet and will be launched in late 2014. Construction work of Tower 3 is scheduled to be commenced in late 2014.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Development (Cont'd) Chinese Estates Plaza, a commercial and residential project at Tidu Street of Qingyang District in Chengdu, has a site area of about 404,267 square feet with a development scale of 3.2 million square feet. It will comprise a Grade A office building, a five stars hotel, a shopping arcade and 4 residential tower blocks. Superstructure construction of the office building, shopping arcade and the hotel portion is substantially completed and fit- out works are in progress. Superstructure work of the residential towers is in progress. Completion of the office building and hotel is scheduled for the second quarter of 2014 whereas completion of the shopping arcade is scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2014. The first residential tower is expected to be launched by the fourth quarter of 2014.
The Coronation, a commercial and residential project at Huaxinjie Street of Jiangbei District in Chongqing (25% interest), has a site area of around 2,207,546 square feet and a gross floor area of approximately 11.08 million square feet. Its piling work and the associated substructure work are in progress. The project will be developed in four phases and Phase I will be divided into several zones. Completion of the first zone of Phase I is scheduled for the second quarter of 2014 and the entire Phase I is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Overseas Property Investment River Court is a Grade A freehold office building situate at 116-129 Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom. It provides a total net internal area of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking spaces. It was fully let out as of 31st December, 2013.

The Group s strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for 
As announced in January 2014, the Group disposed certain securities investments with realised gain of approximately HK$107.3 million recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.
The Group will continue to closely monitor its portfolio of securities investments to achieve satisfactory returns.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD Disposal of Chi Cheung Group As announced on 5th December, 2012, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party in relation to the disposal of 209,931,186 shares in Chi Cheung Investment Company, Limited (now known as LT Holdings Limited) ( Chi Cheung ), the then subsidiary of the Company whose shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ), representing (i) all the share interests of the Group in Chi Cheung; and (ii) approximately 61.96% of the entire issued share capital of Chi Cheung as at the date of the announcement, at a final consideration of approximately HK$559,199,000. The disposal was completed on 6th February, 2013.
Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by 
As set out in the Company s announcement dated 17th June, 2012, Moon Ocean Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Moon Ocean ), received a notice of preliminary hearing dated 15th June, 2012 (the Hearing Notice ) from the Land, Public Works and Transport Bureau (the LPWT ) of the Macau Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China ( Macau ) regarding the transfers of the rights deriving from the land concession for the five plots of land adjacent to the Macau International Airport (according to the Company s record, formerly known as Lots 1C; 2; 3; 4 and 5 (parcels 5A, 5B & C), Avenida Wai Long, Taipa, Macau, which registered in Macau Land Registry under Nos. 22993, 22991, 22995, 22990 and 22989 and later revised as Lots 1C1; 1C2; 1C3; 2a; 2b; 2d; 3; 4a; 4b; 5a1; 5a2; 5a3; 5b1; 5b2; 5b3; 5b4; 5b5; 5b6; A3a; A3b; A4a; A4b; E1a; E1b; E2 and E3 which registered in the Macau Land Registry under No. 22989 as per the 2011 Revision (as defined hereinafter)) (the Macau Land ) from five Macau companies to which the land concession was originally granted (the Original Owners ) to Moon Ocean (the Land Transfers ) and the amendment of the related land concession contracts.
It was stated in the Hearing Notice that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had approved the initiation of the procedures for declaring the act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the Land Transfers and the related amendments of the land concession contracts in March 2006 invalid and returning the Macau Land to the Original Owners (the Matter ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might make written submission regarding the Matter within 15 days from the receipt of the Hearing Notice.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government (Cont'd) The Group s Macau legal adviser made the submission which set out basis for opposing the Matter on 29th June, 2012 and as set out in the Company s announcement dated 14th August, 2012, Moon Ocean received a notice from the LPWT stating that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had declared the previous act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the Land Transfers and the related amendments of the land concession contracts in March 2006 invalid (the Decision ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might present objection to the Decision within 15 days from the gazetting of the Decision and might also appeal to the Court of Second Instance. The Decision was then published on the official bulletin of the Macau government dated 15th August, 2012.
As announced on 28th August, 2012, the Group s Macau legal adviser filed on behalf of Moon Ocean an objection to the Decision. As Moon Ocean had not received any reply from the Chief Executive of Macau regarding such objection, Moon Ocean and a promissory purchaser of La Scala jointly lodged an appeal to the Court of Second Instance against the Decision on 14th September, 2012 (the First Appeal ) as disclosed in the announcement published on the same date.
As set out in the Company s announcement dated 5th September, 2012, Moon Ocean received a notice of preliminary hearing (the Second Hearing Notice ) from the LPWT stating that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had approved the initiation of the procedures for declaring the act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the increase of residential gross floor area of the Macau Land from 392,505 to 537,560 square metres and an exchange of 9 small pieces of land with a total site area of approximately 1,282 square metres initially forming part of the Macau Land for 8 small pieces of adjacent land with a total site area of approximately 5,204 square metres on 9th March, 2011 (the 2011 Revision ) invalid (the Second Matter ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might make written submission on the issues regarding the subject matter of the above procedures within 15 days from the receipt of the Second 
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government (Cont'd) The Group s Macau legal adviser made the submission which set out basis for opposing the Second Matter on 19th September, 2012 and as set out in the Company s announcement dated 16th April, 2013, Moon Ocean received a notice from the LPWT stating that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had declared the previous act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the 2011 Revision invalid (the Second Decision ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might present objection to the Second Decision within 15 days from the gazetting of the Second Decision and might also appeal to the Court of Second Instance. The Second Decision was then published on the official bulletin of the Macau government dated 17th April, 2013.
As announced on 15th May, 2013, Moon Ocean and two promissory purchasers of La Scala jointly lodged an appeal to the Court of Second Instance against the Second Decision. Moon Ocean and such promissory purchasers also applied in the appeal to stay the appeal proceedings in relation to the Second Decision pending the final decision on the appeal lodged on 14th September, 2012 against the Decision.
On 11th October, 2013, the Court of Second Instance issued a notice of its decision made on 10th October, 2013 regarding the legitimacy of certain parties involved in the First Appeal (the Parties Rulings ). In the Parties Rulings, the Court of Second Instance has determined that each of (i) the promissory purchaser of La Scala who has joined Moon Ocean as a co-appellant of the First Appeal; and (ii) the Macau Special Administrative Region, which Moon Ocean has identified as a counter-interested party in the Macau Special Administrative Region s capacity as a shareholder of four of the Original Owners which were dissolved, is not a legitimate party in the proceedings. As a result, the Court of Second Instance has acquitted (i) the Chief Executive of Macau of the appeal filed by the promissory purchaser of La Scala on 14th September, 2012; and (ii) Macau Special Administrative Region as a counter-interested party of the First Appeal. The Company has made the relevant announcement on 15th October, 2013.
The Group continues seeking legal advice for appropriate legal actions on the above matters. The outcome of the Matter and the Second Matter are thus pending for any subsequent decision(s) of the Chief Executive of Macau or judgment(s) from the court of Macau.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont'd) Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government (Cont'd) In case of the Decision and the Second Decision becoming final, the Group will seek legal advice for appropriate actions to be taken in respect of La Scala project. The Group is determined to pursue claims it may have against the Macau government andor the Original Owners for compensation for the losses of the Group.
Disposal of Property Connected Transaction As announced on 19th February, 2014, the associates of Ms. Lui, Lai-kwan (an Executive Director of the Company and an associate of Mr. Joseph Lau, Luen-hung*, an Executive Director, the chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer and controlling shareholder of the Company) entered into a preliminary sale and purchase agreement to purchase a unit together with a car parking space and a motorcycle parking space of the Group s residential property, namely One WanChai. The transaction constituted a connected transaction of the Company under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange.

* Resigned as Executive Director, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer after date of this annual report (with effect from 14th March, 2014).

The Group is committed to making contribution to the communities in which it operates for all the time. During the Year, the Group continued to actively support meaningful activities in the community, and to encourage and promote volunteerism throughout the Group.
The Group together with its staff had participated in various community programmes, charitable fundraising activities and volunteer services for helping the communities in need, suffering people and children with special needs from time to time during the Year. The Group had participated in (among others) Hong Kong Island Flag Day organized by Heep Hong Society, Red Dcor Day organized by Hong Kong Red Cross, Oxfam Rice Sale organized by Oxfam Hong Kong, Love Teeth Day organized by The Community Chest of Hong Kong and Used Book Recycling Campaign organized by World Vision Hong Kong, for 
COMMUNITY RELATIONS (Cont'd) Moreover, the Group continued to support World Wide Fund s Earth Hour lights-out event by switching off the exterior and billboard lighting of certain properties under the Group for an hour on the night of 23rd March, 2013. The Company joined their Corporate Membership Programme as Gold Member in 201314.
In addition, the Company was awarded the Friend of Social Enterprise 2013 by Home Affairs Department, Government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region. It has been recognised as Caring Company for seven consecutive years and awarded the 5 Years Plus Caring Company Logo by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service in recognition of its good corporate citizenship.
In 2013, the Group donated a sum of HK$33 million to the Community Care Fund which is established to provide assistance to the underprivileged in the community.

The Company is continuously committed to maintaining good communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to ensure their thorough understanding of the Group s strategies and business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor 
The Company maintains a Company s website (www.chineseestates.com) to make the Company s information available on the internet, including the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important information to the investing public on corporate governance structure, policies and systems, profiles of the Directors and senior executives as well as terms of reference of Board committees.
The up-to-date information of the Group is available for public access on the Company s website. The Company encourages its shareholders to take advantage of the Company s website and welcomes suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to share their views and suggestions by contacting the Company at 
Shareholders can raise their enquiries to the Board or the company secretary of the Company in writing by sending such written enquiries to the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong at 26th Floor, MassMutual Tower, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email at investor.relations@chineseestates.com . Shareholders also have right to raise questions at general meetings.

Although at rather slow paces, the signs of recovery for both the United States and European economies are enhancing. Low interest rate environments are likely to continue, helping to ensure that these economies will continue on their recovery paths. The economic growth for Mainland China is also healthily maintained, and its structure is on her track to a more sustainable growth in mid to long term. As a result, after a few years of turbulence, it is hopeful that a more stable global economic environment will be seen this year.
The Group s retail investment properties continued to perform well during the Year. With continued increases in Mainland visitors and local consumption, our prime shopping malls like The ONE, Silvercord and Windsor House have all recorded satisfactory rental growth at 11.56%, 11.09% and 8.73% respectively for the Year. We will continue to enhance the attractiveness for our shopping malls to boost customer flow and spending by introducing new elements, providing cozy shopping environment and securing the optimal tenant mix.
The office investment properties of the Group continued to lease well during the Year. The overall occupancy rate of our commercial premises, including MassMutual Tower, Harcourt House and Windsor House had been well upheld, remaining high at 97.18% throughout the Year. Amidst improving business environments, we are confident in seeing growing rental income in these quality commercial premises in the coming years.
For the residential property market, the implementations of various stamp duties have not only dampened the sales volume and selling prices of the residential properties but also affected its demand in a short run. It is expected that the residential property market in Hong Kong will continue to face challenges in the foreseeable future and influenced by the cooling measures, particularly in sub-urban areas and new towns, where there are abundant future supply. On the other hand, well located properties, such as those on the Hong Kong Island, are well sheltered by limited supply.
The Group is very confident therefore, that our sumptuousness residential projects situated in prestigious locations like One WanChai, No.1 South Lane, No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace and No. 55 Conduit Road will continue to be hot sellers.

During the Year, the Central Government was keen in establishing an effective and long-term mechanism to maintain the stability of macro- control measures for the steady development of the property markets in Mainland China. A market based mechanism will follow in future, as the reforms for land, fiscal and tax are implemented; and as the policy for housing supply system are executed by the Central Government. The Group believes that the mid to long-term property policies in Mainland China are becoming clear, which will be helpful for the country s macro- economy and property markets to grow in a more healthy manner.
The Group achieved good sales performance for The Metropolis and Splendid City, which are located in Chengdu, a core city in the western China. In particular, Splendid City is nearly fully sold out. Given the prime locations and superb quality, the Group believes that The Metropolis and the ready-for-launch mixed use development, Chinese Estates Plaza, will continue gaining market recognition and be well sought after; and that the sales of these projects will perform well in 2014.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to manage its businesses in a prudent manner and will strive for developing recurrent income streams so as to provide long-term sustainable growth for the benefit of the Group and its shareholders as a whole.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their continuing support. I would also like to express my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their dedication and hard work.
Joseph Lau, Luen-hung 
Hong Kong, 6th March, 2014 