Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31st December, 2012 (the Year ) to the shareholders of the Company.

Profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$9,794.9 million as compared to HK$3,497.8 million for last year. The increase in profit for the Year was mainly due to (i) the increase in fair value gain on investment properties; (ii) fair value gain of bonds as opposed to a fair value loss for last year; (iii) the decrease in loss of sale of listed investments held-for-trading; and (iv) the increase in interest income from bonds.
Earnings per share for the Year was HK$5.14 (2011: HK$1.83).
If the net gain on the major non-cash items of HK$5,815.8 million (2011: HK$3,283.3 million) are excluded, the Group will have a core profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year of HK$3,979.1 million (2011: HK$214.5 million) and a core earnings per share of HK208.6 cents (2011: HK11.2 cents), which were both 18.6 times to those of 
The major non-cash items were fair value gain on investment properties, gain on revaluation of stock of properties together with their respective deferred tax and costs of development recognised in respect of property project in Macau totaling HK$5,815.8 million (2011: HK$3,283.3 million).

The board of directors of the Company (the Directors or the Board ) has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK20 cents per share for the Year (the Final Dividend ) (2011: HK1 cent per share).
Subject to shareholders approval at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 23rd May, 2013 (the 2013 AGM ), dividend warrants will be posted on or about 10th June, 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 30th May, 2013.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS For the purpose of ascertaining the members eligibility to attend and vote at the 2013 AGM, and entitlement to the recommended Final Dividend, the register of members will be closed during the following 
To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2013 AGM, and to qualify for the recommended Final Dividend, all properly completed share transfers documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar and Transfer Office in Hong Kong, namely Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than the respective latest time as 
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES The Group is one of the leading property developers in Hong Kong and its core businesses comprise of property investments for rental and property development for sale as well as securities investments.
The Group aims at enhancing value and recurrent revenue of investment properties through conceptualising and implementing redevelopment, renovation works and repackaging programmes for properties as well as actively managing a balanced tenant mix for retail properties to achieve long-term sustainable growth.
BUSINESS MODEL AND STRATEGIES (Cont d) The Group specialises in developing high-end and luxury residential properties in prime location in Hong Kong; and enjoying profit contribution and cash inflow from property sales to achieve long-term sustainable growth and developing a brand name in the market.
In Mainland China, development of mid to high-end residential properties with superb designs, construction and management services is our target, as the demand for housing remains very strong resulting from sustained 
The Group plans to develop a multipurpose complex for residential commercial properties in Chengdu, Mainland China, in which the Group will retain its interests in the retail, office and hotel portions after sale of residential units. Through maintenance of certain interests in retail, office and hotel portions, the Group would generate stable and recurrent rental 
The Group continues its strategy in quality partnerships with property developers or other parties to the extent commercially feasible and beneficial to the Group s development.
Apart from the aforesaid, the Group has conducted variety of securities investment business, such as equity investments, debt investments and other treasury products, with the aim to yield enhancement for treasury 
The Group believes that the stable rental income from its investment properties, together with the property development and trading as well as securities investment, forms a diversified cash flow stream which allows the Group to weather the cyclicality of the property business.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS Hong Kong Property Investment Rentals from investment properties continued to be one of the major sources of our income. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s retail portfolio was 98.96% during the Year. The occupancy rate achieved 99.43% if non-core properties are excluded. The high occupancy rate is attributable to the prime locations of the majority of the Group s retail 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Investment (Cont d) The Group s overall gross rental growth was 11.70% with rental income of HK$1,383.9 million for the Year as compared with last year. The rental income from Hong Kong retail portion showed an upward momentum with 15.36% growth while the non-retail portion maintained stable performance with rental growth of 2.18%. The increase in gross rental income is mainly attributable to the fully let out of Silvercord and high reversionary rental rate of retail properties. Retail rents were generally raised due to the increase in tenants business turnover benefited from the continuous growth of Mainland China tourists spending and the improved local consumption.
The average occupancy rate of the shops of Causeway Place was approximately 91.45% during the Year.
The overall rental income of Windsor House was raised 6.71% for the Year as compared with last year. During the Year, its average occupancy rate was increased to approximately 99.29%, representing 3.27% increase over last year. Windsor House provides shoppers a cozy shopping environment with a diversified trade mix. Various marketing and promotion activities are held in Windsor House from time to time which boost shoppers traffic flow and thus increases tenants business turnover. As a result, Windsor House recorded steady rental growth and high occupancy rate.
As for Silvercord, the overall rental income was raised 31.99% for the Year as compared with last year. All the shops were fully let out throughout the Year. Benefited from the prosperous shopping atmosphere of Canton Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, as well as the introduction of several luxury and premium brands in the shopping mall, Silvercord s rental rate and property value are generally uplifted.
The tallest retail complex of its kind in Hong Kong, The ONE recorded 8.48% increase of its overall rental income for the Year as compared with last year. Its average occupancy rate was approximately 99.89% during the Year with many of the shops are popular fashion brands and well- 
The occupancy rate for the Group s office properties maintained at a high level throughout the Year. During the Year, the average occupancy rates of Windsor House, MassMutual Tower and Harcourt House were approximately 96.01%, 100% and 99.33% respectively, bringing the approximate occupancy rate of the overall office portfolio to 98.21%.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Development In general, the Group s development projects have been progressing satisfactorily and the sales have been achieving pleasing results.
No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace, located in Mid-Levels East, is a traditional prestigious location for luxury residential project in Hong Kong. A luxury residential tower which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 41,020 square feet will be redeveloped. Superstructure work is in progress.
Completion of the project is scheduled for mid 2013 and it is expected to be launched in the first quarter of 2014.
No. 1 South Lane and No. 34 Hill Road, is located in the Western District and enjoys close proximity to the future Hong Kong University MTR Station.
It will be redeveloped into a luxury residentialretail tower with a total gross floor area of around 41,966 square feet and consists of 92 residential units.
Demolition work is in progress. Completion of the project is scheduled for mid 2015 and it is expected to be launched in the third quarter of 2013.
The Group has a two-phase redevelopment project in Wanchai (87.5% interest) undertaken with the Urban Renewal Authority. All residential units of The Zenith (Phase I project) were sold. One WanChai (Phase II project with preservation of the core elements of Wanchai Market) is a residential commercial complex development with total gross floor area of approximately 159,700 square feet which provides 237 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 420 square feet to 1,200 square feet and retail properties. Certificate of compliance was issued in January 2013 and the residential units are being handed over to individual purchasers. 193 units were presold up to 31st December, 2012, representing 81.43% of total units.
No. 55 Conduit Road (70% interest), a residential site in Mid-Levels with site area of about 36,000 square feet which provides a total residential gross floor area of around 87,800 square feet. This site will be developed into a luxury residential project. Superstructure work is in progress.
Launching of the project is scheduled for mid 2014.
The Hermitage (25% interest), is one of the Group s joint venture development projects in West Kowloon Reclamation Area. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 964 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 1,095,980 square feet. Certificate of compliance was issued in March 2011 and the residential units had been handed over to individual purchasers. As at 31st December, 2012, 962 units were sold and recognised, representing 99.79% of total units.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Hong Kong Property Development (Cont d) The Coronation (15% interest), is another joint venture development project of the Group in West Kowloon Reclamation Area. It comprises 6 residential tower blocks and provides in aggregate 740 residential units and retail properties with a total gross floor area of around 650,600 square feet. Certificate of compliance was issued in December 2012 and the residential units are being handed over to individual purchasers. 738 units (i.e. 99.73%) were presold up to 31st December, 2012.
Macau Property Development La Scala is a high-end residential project located in Avenida Wai Long, Taipa, Macau with a total residential gross floor area of approximately 5,786,296 square feet (excluding car park area and outdoor facilities area).
It will comprise 26 residential tower blocks and will be developed in phases.
Phase I development will comprise 9 residential tower blocks and provide in aggregate 899 residential units. Site formation work and the first stage excavation works for the Phase I development have been completed. Next stage construction works and the presale of the Phase I development are 
Mainland China Property Investment The 79 retail outlets with a total area of approximately 29,000 square feet in Lowu Commercial Plaza, Shenzhen were fully let out throughout the 
Evergo Tower, located at Central Huaihai Road in Shanghai, is a 21-storey office and shopping complex and has a gross floor area of around 263,708 square feet. The average occupancy rates of the office and retail spaces for the Year were approximately 99.14% and 64.86% respectively.
Platinum (50% interest), a 20-storey Grade A office building located at Taicang Road of Huangpu District in Shanghai, has a gross floor area of about 466,464 square feet. The average occupancy rate for the Year was 
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Investment (Cont d) Hilton Beijing (50% interest), having 503 rooms, average occupancy rate was approximately 76.38% for the Year.
Oriental Place (50% interest), a 10-storey office building next to Hilton Beijing, was fully let out during the Year.
Mainland China Property Development Splendid City, a residential and commercial project located at Yingbin Avenue of Jinniu District in Chengdu, has a site area of approximately 795,625 square feet and a corresponding gross floor area of approximately 3.74 million square feet. It will comprise 19 residential tower blocks with a commercial building and will be developed in two phases. Phase I of Splendid City provides in aggregate 1,226 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet and a commercial building with gross floor area of approximately 272,740 square feet. Phase I had been completed in November 2010 and the residential units had been handed over to individual purchasers. As at 31st December, 2012, 1,212 units of Phase I were sold, representing 98.86% of total units. Phase II of Splendid City provides 1,625 residential units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 854 square feet to 1,812 square feet. It had been completed in December 2012 and some of the residential units are being handed over to individual purchasers. 281 units were sold and 486 units were presold out of 880 units launched (i.e. 87.16%) up to 31st December, 
The Metropolis is a residential project located at Yixue Lane and Tangba Street of Jinjiang District in Chengdu, with site area of approximately 194,411 square feet and corresponding gross floor area of approximately 1.65 million square feet. It will comprise 3 twin residential tower blocks and will be developed in phases. Tower 1 provides 572 units with flat size ranging from gross floor area of approximately 704 square feet to 2,692 square feet. Tower 1 had been completed in December 2012 and the residential units are being handed over to individual purchasers. Since its first batch sales launch of 286 units in Tower 1, 223 units (i.e. 77.97%) were sold up to 31st December, 2012. Another batch of 286 units in Tower 1 is expected to be launched in the second quarter of 2013. Final interior fitting work of Tower 2 is in progress and expected to be completed in mid 2013. Tower 3 is under planning and at design stage.
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
Mainland China Property Development (Cont d) Chinese Estates Plaza, a commercial and residential project at Tidu Street of Qingyang District in Chengdu, has a site area of about 404,267 square feet with a development scale of 3.2 million square feet. It will comprise a Grade A office building, a five stars hotel, a shopping centre and 4 residential tower blocks. Superstructure construction and fit-out works are in progress. Completion of the commercial and residential portions are scheduled for end 2013 and end 2014 respectively. Residential portion is expected to be launched by the third quarter of 2013.
The commercial and residential project at Huaxinjie Street of Jiangbei District in Chongqing (25% interest), has a site area of around 2,207,546 square feet and a gross floor area of approximately 11.08 million square feet. Its piling work and the associated substructure work are in progress.
The project will be developed in four phases and Phase I will be divided into several zones. The first zone of Phase I is scheduled to be completed in the third quarter of 2014 and the overall Phase I is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2016.
Overseas Property Investment River Court is a Grade A freehold office building situate at 116-129 Fleet Street, London, United Kingdom. It provides a total net internal area of approximately 431,324 square feet, together with certain car parking spaces. It was fully let out as of 31st December, 2012.

The Group s strategy is to maintain securities investment portfolio for 
As announced in January 2013, the Group disposed certain securities investments with realised gain of approximately HK$266.5 million recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. An unrealised gain of approximately HK$1,307.3 million on fair value changes of listed securities investments also recorded in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income. The Group will continue to closely monitor the portfolio of the securities investments to achieve satisfactory returns.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD Disposal of G-Prop Group Connected Transaction As announced on 17th June, 2012, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the First Vendor ) and a company indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau, Luen-hung ( Mr. Joseph Lau ) (an Executive Director, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and a substantial shareholder of the Company) (the Second Vendor ) had on 16th June, 2012 entered into a sale and purchase agreement with (among other parties) an independent third party (the Purchaser ) in relation to the disposal of 1,018,380,590 shares and 493,678,883 shares owned by the First Vendor and the Second Vendor respectively in G-Prop (Holdings) Limited ( G-Prop ), the then subsidiary of the Company whose shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ), representing (i) all the share interests of the First Vendor and the Second Vendor in G-Prop; and (ii) approximately 62.26% of the entire issued share capital of G-Prop (with approximately 41.93% and 20.33% held by the First Vendor and the Second Vendor respectively) as at the date of the announcement, at a total consideration of HK$423,660,973 (of which HK$285,338,057 was payable to the First Vendor and HK$138,322,916 was payable to the Second Vendor).
Completion of the disposal took place on 6th August, 2012. The Purchaser had also entered into the security agreement with the First Vendor on 6th August, 2012, pursuant to which 1,512,059,473 shares of G-Prop had been charged in favour of the First Vendor (the Charged Shares ), for the purpose of securing the Purchaser s obligations to repay the total principal amount under the promissory note(s) or any part thereof. The Purchaser had fulfilled its obligations for the repayment of all promissory note(s) in December 2012 and thereafter, the Charged Shares were fully released and discharged on 17th December, 2012.
As the Second Vendor was indirectly wholly-owned by Mr. Joseph Lau, the Second Vendor, being a substantial shareholder of G-Prop, was an associate of a controller of the Company for the purpose of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the Listing Rules ). Therefore, the disposal constituted a connected transaction for the Company for the purpose of the Listing Rules. As the applicable ratios in respect of the disposal were more than 0.1% but less than 5%, the disposal was subject to the reporting and announcement requirements and exempted from the independent shareholders approval requirement under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont d) Disposal of Grandday Group Limited The Group had on 5th September, 2012 entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party, to dispose 49 shares in Grandday Group Limited ( Grandday ), representing 49% of the entire issued share capital of Grandday, which indirectly owns the property development project at the southeast exterior of Yin Xing Ken District, Yinyang Town, Qidong, Jiangsu Province, the People s Republic of China (the PRC ), at a consideration of US$500 million (equivalent to approximately HK$3,878.45 million). Relevant announcement had been made on 5th September, 2012. The disposal constituted a discloseable transaction of the Company under the Listing Rules. The disposal was completed on 7th September, 2012.
Disposal of Chi Cheung Group As announced on 5th December, 2012, the Group had entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third party (the Agreement ) in relation to the disposal of 209,931,186 shares in Chi Cheung Investment Company, Limited ( Chi Cheung ), the then subsidiary of the Company whose shares are listed on the Stock Exchange, representing (i) all the share interests of the Group in Chi Cheung; and (ii) approximately 61.96% of the entire issued share capital of Chi Cheung as at the date of the announcement, at a consideration of HK$560,532,475 (subject to downward adjustment under the terms of the Agreement).
Completion of the disposal took place on 6th February, 2013.
Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government As set out in the Company s announcement dated 17th June, 2012, Moon Ocean Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ( Moon Ocean ), received a notice of preliminary hearing dated 15th June, 2012 (the Hearing Notice ) from the Land, Public Works and Transport Bureau (the LPWT ) of the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC ( Macau ) regarding the transfers of the rights deriving from the land concession for the five plots of land adjacent to the Macau International Airport (according to the Company s record, formerly known as Lots 1C; 2; 3; 4 and 5 (parcels 5A & 5B), Avenida Wai Long, Taipa, Macau, and registered in Macau Land Registry under Nos. 22993, 22991, 22995, 22990 and 22989 and now known as Lots 1C1; 1C2; 1C3; 2a; 2b; 2d; 3; 4a; 4b; 5a1; 5a2; 5a3; 5b1; 5b2; 5b3; 5b4; 5b5; 5b6; A3a; A3b; A4a; A4b; E1a; E1b; E2 and E3 and registered in the Macau Land Registry under No. 22989) (the Macau Land ) from five Macau companies to which the land concession was originally granted (the Original Owners ) to Moon Ocean (the Land Transfers ) and the amendment of the related land concession contracts.
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont d) Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government (Cont d) It was stated in the Hearing Notice that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had approved the initiation of the procedures for declaring the act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the Land Transfers and the related amendments of the land concession contracts in March 2006 invalid and returning the Macau Land to the Original Owners (the Matter ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might make written submission regarding the Matter within 15 days from the receipt of the Hearing Notice.
The Group s Macau legal adviser made the submission which set out basis for opposing the Matter on 29th June, 2012 and as set out in the Company s announcement dated 14th August, 2012, Moon Ocean received a notice from the LPWT stating that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had declared the previous act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the Land Transfers and the related amendments of the land concession contracts in March 2006 invalid (the Decision ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might present objection to the Decision within 15 days from the gazetting of the Decision and might also appeal to the Court of Second Instance. The Decision was then published on the official bulletin of the Macau government dated 15th August, 2012.
As announced on 28th August, 2012, the Group s Macau legal adviser filed on behalf of Moon Ocean an objection to the Decision. As Moon Ocean had not received any reply from the Chief Executive of Macau regarding such objection, Moon Ocean and a purchaser of La Scala jointly lodged an appeal to the Court of Second Instance of Macau against the Decision on 14th September, 2012 as disclosed in the announcement published on the same date.
As set out in the Company s announcement dated 5th September, 2012, Moon Ocean received a notice of preliminary hearing (the Second Hearing Notice ) from the LPWT regarding certain revision of the terms of the land concession for the Macau Land and exchange of land approved by the Chief Executive of Macau in March 2011 (the 2011 Revision ).
OTHER INFORMATION AND EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Cont d) Administrative Procedures for Repossession of Land in Macau by Macau Government (Cont d) It was stated in the Second Hearing Notice that (i) the Chief Executive of Macau had approved the initiation of the procedures for declaring the act of the Chief Executive of Macau in confirming the approval of the 2011 Revision on 9th March, 2011 invalid (the Second Matter ); and (ii) Moon Ocean might make written submission on the issues regarding the subject matter of the above procedures within 15 days from the receipt of the Second Hearing Notice.
The 2011 Revision mainly involved an increase of residential gross floor area of the Macau Land from 392,505 to 537,560 square metres and an exchange of 9 small pieces of land with a total site area of approximately 1,282 square metres initially forming part of the Macau Land for 8 small pieces of adjacent land with a total site area of approximately 5,204 square metres. Moon Ocean had paid a premium of approximately MOP642 million (equivalent to approximately HK$624 million) in consideration of the 2011 Revision.
The Group s Macau legal adviser made the submission which set out basis for opposing the Second Matter on 19th September, 2012.
The Group continues seeking legal advice for appropriate legal actions on the above matters. The outcome of the Matter and the Second Matter are thus pending for any subsequent decision(s) of the Chief Executive of Macau or judgment(s) from the court of Macau.
In case of the Decision becoming final, the Group will seek legal advice for appropriate actions to be taken in respect of La Scala project. The Group is determined to pursue claims it may have against the Macau government andor the Original Owners for compensation for the losses of the Group.

The Group continued to support meaningful activities in the community, and to encourage and promote volunteerism throughout the Group.
During the Year, the Group had participated in, among others, the following community programmes, charitable fundraising activities and voluntary services, for helping the communities in need, suffering people and children with special needs: " AVS Charity Walk & Run for Volunteering of Agency for Volunteer 
" Dress Casual Day, Love Teeth Day, New Territories Walk for Millions and The Community Chest Green Day of The Community Chest of 
" Dress Pink Day of Hong Kong Cancer Fund " Hong Kong Island Flag Day and The 21st Great Chefs of Hong Kong of Heep Hong Society " Kowloon Flag Day (in-house circulation of flag bags) of Hong Kong Alzheimer s Disease Association " Mai Po Nature Reserve volunteering activity of World Wide Fund 
" Olympic Day cum Olympic Day Run of Sports Federation & Olympic Committee of Hong Kong, China " Oxfam Rice Sale of Oxfam Hong Kong " Pass-it-On and Red Dcor Day of Hong Kong Red Cross " Promotion activity of Hong Kong Spirit Ambassadors Limited " Used Book Recycling Campaign and Skip-A-Meal of World Vision 
Moreover, the Group continued to support the Earth Hour of World Wide Fund Hong Kong by temporarily switched off the exterior and billboard lighting of certain properties under the Group, including The ONE, MassMutual Tower, Harcourt House, Windsor House, Causeway Place and Gemstar Tower for an hour on the night of 31st March, 2012. To support global and local conservation efforts of World Wide Fund Hong Kong, the Company also joined Corporate Membership Programme in 2012 as a Gold Member.
COMMUNITY RELATIONS (Cont d) The Company was awarded as Caring Company in 201213, being the sixth consecutive year, by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service in recognition of our good corporate citizenship. The Group will continue to actively participate in various community programmes, charitable activities and voluntary services.
The Group donated a sum of HK$33 million to the Community Care Fund (the Fund ) which is established to provide assistance to the underprivileged in the community in 2012 and will further donate a sum of HK$33 million to the Fund in 2013.

The Company is continuously committed to maintaining good communication with shareholders, investors and analysts in order to ensure their thorough understanding of the Group s strategies and business development, thereby enhancing transparency and investor relations.
The Company maintains a Company s website (www.chineseestates.com) to make the Company s information available on the internet, including the dissemination of statutory announcements and circulars etc., to facilitate its communication with shareholders and to provide important information to the investing public on corporate governance structure, policies and systems, profiles of the Directors and senior executives as well as terms of reference of Board committees.
The up-to-date information of the Group is available for public access on the Company s website. The Company encourages its shareholders to take advantage of the Company s website and welcomes suggestions from investors and shareholders, and invites them to share their views and suggestions by contacting the Company at 
Shareholders can raise their enquiries to the Board or the company secretary of the Company in writing by sending such written enquiries to the principal office of the Company in Hong Kong at 26th Floor, MassMutual Tower, 38 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong or by email at investor.relations@chineseestates.com. Shareholders also have right to raise questions at general meetings.

As the worries on the sovereign debts position in Europe and the fiscal cliff in the United States have both eased, the global market sentiments have improved since the start of the year. In addition, with the new leaders of the Mainland China elected towards the end of last year, it is generally expected that the economy will open into a new and bright chapter. As a result of these positive signs, it is anticipated that this year, the economic growth will be better than last year for Hong Kong, providing good foothold 
Our shopping malls, including The ONE, Silvercord and Windsor House, have all reported an influx of customers, bringing strong sales over the Lunar New Year. Although retail sales slowed in the second half of last year, it is greatly restored over the last two months, and is expected to grow over the coming months. Already established as landmarks for locals and tourists, we expect that our shopping malls will see strong rental income growth this year.
Meanwhile, our portfolio of offices, including MassMutual Tower, Harcourt House and Windsor House, has lifted overall occupancy to about 98%. As the overall economic environment improves, we expect that office demands will increase, benefiting our office portfolio, leading towards full occupancy and resulting in surging rental income.
Although the government may continue to increase land supplies and put forward policies to curb demand, in short to medium term, we are optimistic that under improved market and low interest rate environments, price growth for residential properties will be on the positive territory. Our residential projects, One WanChai, No. 1 South Lane and No. 34 Hill Road, No. 12 Shiu Fai Terrace and No. 55 Conduit Road are all located on Hong Kong Island, which is most sought after by buyers.
As for the Mainland China, macro-control measures on housing are becoming a persistent policy. The Group believes that the objectives of the macro-control measures put forth by the Central Government are for the benefits of the long-term sustainable growth and development of the markets. At present, residential property markets of the major cities have already staged into stable and healthy developments. As the Central Government has focused its strategies in urbanising peripheral areas, it is foreseeable that the economy will resume relatively high growth rates, leading to an optimistic outlook in mid to long run.
PROSPECTS (Cont d) We expect to see continuing outstanding sales performance for our two projects, The Metropolis and Splendid City, in Chengdu. In addition, a new project, Chinese Estates Plaza, will also commence sales this year. As our brand name and superb building quality have already been established with home buyers and investors, we foresee a very satisfactory result will 
Overall, the Group sees a promising future in its core businesses for the 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their continuing support. I would also like to express my sincere thanks to my fellow directors and all staff members for their dedication and hard work.
Joseph Lau, Luen-hung 
Hong Kong, 4th March, 2013 