I am pleased to report the 2014 full year results of Kunlun Energy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) to the shareholders on behalf of the Board.

For the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year ), the revenue of the Group amounted to HK$48,044 million, representing an increase of HK$4,614 million or 10.62% compared with last year, and profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$5,610 million, representing a decrease of HK$1,241 million or 18.11%. During the year, under the influence of global political and economic factors, great changes happened in the landscape of energy supply and consumption in the world, and the core oil and gas business of the Group also faced severe challenge. The sharp drop in global oil price reduced the profitability of Exploration and Production business. The growth of natural gas demand in China was suppressed amid factors such as a slower domestic economy, higher natural gas price and sustained fall in refined oil prices, resulting in the Group s lacking significant progress in its LNG Terminal, Natural Gas Sales and LNG Processing businesses. Nevertheless, the Natural Gas Pipeline business remained stable with some growth and continued to contribute steady income for the Group.

I. Exploration and Production For the Year, the sales volume of crude oil in the Exploration and Production business was 16.88 million barrels, representing a decrease of 0.58 million barrels or 3.32% compared with last year. Revenue amounted to HK$5,336 million, representing a decrease of HK$324 million or 5.72% as compared to last year. Profit before income tax expense was HK$2,302 million, representing a decrease of HK$1,345 million or 36.88% compared to last year. One of the major reasons for the decrease in the profit before income tax expense was the rapid decline in international oil prices in the second half of the Year, reducing the Group s average realised crude oil selling price to US$84.47 per barrel from US$97.30 per barrel of last year, representing a reduction of US$12.83 or 13.19%. Another reason is a decrease in contribution from an associate company in Kazakhstan, which was caused by the substantial depreciation of its local currency and increase in portion of domestic sales volume under the local government s request.

II. Natural Gas Pipeline During the Year, the transmission volume of Natural Gas Pipeline business was 30,693 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 5,357 million cubic metres or 21.14% compared with last year, of which, the transmission volume of Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline was 29,962 million cubic metres. The transmission volume of other pipelines in operation was 731 million cubic metres. Revenue for the Year was HK$12,691 million, representing an increase of HK$759 million or 6.36% as compared to last year; profit before income tax expense was HK$8,141 million, representing an increase of HK$367 million or 4.72% as compared to last year. During the Year, commencement of operation of the Liangxiang-to-Xishatun section in the No. 3 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline signaled the full operation of the entire pipeline.
Construction for the No. 4 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline commenced, with a design capacity of 35,000 million cubic metres per year. Upon its completion and operation, the Group s leading position in the natural gas business in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei regions will be further strengthened, bringing new source of growth in the Natural Gas Pipeline business.

4 KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2014 
III. LNG Terminal During the Year, gasification volume of natural gas of Jiangsu LNG Terminal and Dalian LNG Terminal owned by the Group amounted to 5,181 million cubic metres, representing a decrease of 1,656 million cubic metres or 24.22% compared to last year. Revenue for the Year amounted to HK$1,994 million, representing a decrease of HK$641 million or 24.33% compared to last year; profit before income tax expense was HK$806 million, representing a decrease of HK$329 million or 28.99% as compared to last year. The decrease in both revenue and profit before income tax expense was due to decline in LNG import volume under the adjustment in production plan of the parent company. These two LNG terminals serve an important role in safeguarding the natural gas resources of the parent company in the peak season and opening up the resources channel for the Group in the market for natural gas utilisation in the Southeastern 
IV. LNG Processing Plant During the Year, 2 new LNG processing plants of the Group were put into operation. The total number of LNG processing plants in operation increased to 12 with total production capacity amounting to 7.18 million cubic metres per day, while there were 5 completed LNG plants awaiting commencement of operation, of which, Shandong Tai an LNG processing plant (2.6 million cubic metres per day) and Hubei Huanggang LNG processing plant (5.0 million cubic metres per day), being the Group s landmark projects with proprietary knowledge in natural gas liquefaction technology, had almost completed all preparation work for production. So far, the Group has basically completed the network establishment of its LNG plants, which will provide our end-users with stable resources.

V. Sales of Natural Gas During the Year, the sales volume of natural gas was 7,757 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 608 million cubic metres or 8.50% compared with last year, of which, the sales volume of LNG was 2,916 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 442 million cubic metres or 17.87% compared with last year. Revenue for the Year amounted to HK$29,737 million, representing an increase of HK$4,166 million or 16.29%. Profit before income tax expense was HK$1,082 million, representing a decrease of HK$830 million or 43.41% compared with last year. Increase in revenue but with lower profit before income tax expense was mainly due to the rise in cost of natural gas which squeezed the profit margins in LNG sales.

During the Year, upholding the strategy of Gas in Substitution of Oil , the Group promoted the application of LNG fuel in the transportation sector comprising mainly the urban public transport, long-haul passenger transport and heavy duty trucks, while actively cooperating with the Ministry of Transport to establish the nationwide LNG vessel demonstration regions and projects. During the Year, 23,503 LNG vehicles were newly promoted, making a total of 105,089 LNG vehicles in aggregate. Supported by the operation of 752 LNG refilling stations and 321 CNG refilling stations, a nationwide sales station network has been basically formed, which further consolidated our leading position in the industry.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2014 5 
In the current period and onwards, although the pressure of economic slowdown is still prevailing in China, growth in rigid demand for natural gas is expected to maintain. Adjustment in energy structure, progress in urbanization and creation of an ecological friendly civilization will be the major impetus in promoting the growth of natural gas demand. In November 2014, the Action Plan for Energy Development Strategy (2014-2020) issued by the State Council clearly stated that the proportion of natural gas in primary energy consumption should be increased to around 10% in 2020. By then, domestic natural gas consumption is expected to increase from the current 183,000 million cubic meters to around 360,000 million cubic meters, presenting a huge room for growth in the natural gas market. With the construction of the East Pipeline between China and Russia kicked off, coupled with the smooth operation of the Central Asia Pipeline, China-Myanmar Pipeline and coastal LNG import channels, the four major oil and gas import channels in China was preliminarily established. Moreover, the gradual improvements in the domestic trunk lines and the branch lines including West-to-East Pipeline and Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline will provide more powerful sources and infrastructure protection for the future development of the natural gas market. Taking all these into consideration, despite the current challenges, the Group still believes that the domestic natural gas industry is in an important stage of strategic development which offers ample opportunities. In particular, along with the price convergence of incremental natural gas and stock natural gas for non-residential usage on 1 April 2015, and the gradual streamlining of the pricing mechanism of the domestic natural gas, the natural gas industry will enter into a new stage of orderly, healthy and rapid development. The Group will keep up its vigorous support for the implementation of the government s energy policy, and actively promote the upgrade and healthy development of the natural gas industry.

In 2015, the Group will firmly uphold its general principle of seeking progress in stability , proactively adopt to the new norm of economic development in China and insight into the new development dynamics of the oil and gas industry.
By monitoring the development of macro environment, the Group will initiate comprehensive strategy for business development, with an emphasis on strategic positioning. By focusing on the three merits of low-cost development, business restructuring and fostering of growth points , the Group will put forward reform and innovation, improve the development quality and operating efficiency, thereby bring a satisfactory return to shareholders.

Regarding the Exploration and Production business, encountering the challenge of the low oil price, the Group will vigorously expand revenue sources and reduce costs to enhance efficiency with innovative approaches. The Group will further increase oil recovery rate by technological innovation, reduce operation costs by improved management, and monitor foreign exchange risk by enhanced exchange managing mechanism.

Regarding the Natural Gas Pipeline business, with the existing trunk lines such as the Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline as the core, the Group will continue to increase the gas transmission and distribution capacity of its pipeline network. At the same time, the Group will carry out the construction of the No. 4 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipelines and key regional branch pipeline network so as to further consolidate its market dominance position in the region.

Regarding the LNG Terminal business, the Group will further utilise its bridging role between resources and the market. While ensuring internal supply, more access will be provided for third parties on a fair basis in order to increase the utilisation rate of LNG terminals. At the same time, the Group will strengthen cost control to enhance operating efficiency.

6 KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2014 
Regarding the Natural Gas Sales and integrated utilisation business, with the support of the parent company, the Group will fully utilise its current advantage of the entire industry chain by coordinating resources and markets with an aim of achieving production-and-sale balance, optimizing production operation, as well as continuously improving operating efficiency of the existing plants and refilling stations. With its business restructuring in track, the Group will optimize its management of existing assets, further improve the governance structure and keep control of operating financial risk so as to create a new edge in business development. Seizing new opportunities in natural gas development, the Group seeks profit growth in new projects and new areas. By focusing on quality investment projects such as city gas, and combined oil and gas stations, the Group will expand its business structure and promote upgrading of the industry.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK20 cents per share (2013: HK23 cents per share) to Shareholders whose names appear on the Shareholders Register on 11 June 2015 (Thursday), subject to the approval at the Annual General Meeting (the 2015 AGM ). The payment will be made on or before 19 June 2015. The proposed 2014 final dividend amounts to a total of approximately HK$1,614 million and 2013 dividend of HK$1,857 million was paid in 2014, which represents a payout ratio (dividend per share divided by basic earnings per share) of approximately 28.77% (2013: 27.06%).

CLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER For the purposes of determining Shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2015 AGM, and entitlement to the final dividend, the Shareholders Register will be closed. Details of such closures are set out below: 
(i) For determining eligibility to attend and vote at the 2015 AGM: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents 4:00 p.m. on 27 May 2015 (Wednesday) 
Closure of shareholders register from 28 May 2015 (Thursday) to 2 June 2015 (Tuesday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 2 June 2015 (Tuesday) 
(ii) For determining entitlement to the final dividend: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents 4:00 p.m. on 9 June 2015 (Tuesday) 
Closure of shareholders register from 10 June 2015 (Wednesday) to 11 June 2015 (Thursday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 11 June 2015 (Thursday) 
During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2015 AGM, and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2014 7 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The 2015 AGM will be held on 3 June 2015 (Wednesday). The Notice of the 2015 AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, will be sent together with the 2014 Annual Report. The Notice of the 2015 AGM and the proxy form will also be available on the Company s website.

By the Order of the Board 
Chairman & Executive Director 
