CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REVIEW The year of 201314 is a fruitless year for Mascotte Holdings Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, collectively the Group ). The Company has encountered a big challenge, the Yi-Lan plant of Sun Materials Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sun Materials ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, has completely lost its capacity to produce any commercially feasible polysilicon, accordingly, a full provision has been made against the entire investment in solar grade polycrystalline silicon business during the year.
The management discussion and analysis section has further information in respect of the impairment loss recognized in respect of the Group s solar grade polycrystalline silicon business. The entire investment in solar grade polycrystalline silicon business has been disposed to an independent third party in June 2014, the Company believed that the disposal has eradicated further funding requirement as Sun Materials has lost its entire economic benefit to the Company.
One of the core businesses of the Group, manufacturing and sales of accessories, has recorded a segment loss compared to the prior year. The disappointing performance is mainly due to the market competition and the change of the clientele.
The operations of other segments of the Group remained the same as last year.
The liquidity of the Company has been closely monitored during the year. Debts structuring of the Company, such as changes of terms and conditions of convertible bonds and consideration bonds of the Company, has been completed.
During the year, the capital base of the Company is enhanced by placing of new shares of the Company, as a result the Company posted a net asset of approximately HK$857 million as of 31 March 2014.

The year ahead will continue to be a challenging one for the Group. In particular, the Group s prospects would depend primarily on its businesses. Furthermore, the Group will continuously monitor its indebtedness and funding 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investor and business partners for their continuing support to the Group, and to my fellow directors and all staff members for their valuable contribution during 
For and on behalf of the Board Suen Yick Lun Philip Managing Director, Chief Executive Officer and 
27 June 2014 