CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REvIEW After more than a year in turmoil, the global economy and major stock markets have finally stabilized in the year under review. It is pleasing to see the substantial improvement in the results of the Group s core areas of business during the current year; culminating in a consolidated profit of approximately HK$109 million as compared to the consolidated loss of approximately HK$345 million the year before. We have also managed to expand our share capital base by more than a double during the year through the issue of firstly 260 million new shares upon conversion of 9 convertible notes and secondly 44.6 million new shares pursuant to the exercise of share options granted. Shareholders equity has increased to approximately HK$651 million at the end of the year from approximately HK$356 million a year earlier.
In recognition of the continual support of the shareholders, the Board proposed a bonus issue of 3 new shares for 2 shares held. The Board believes that the purposed bonus issue, which is subject shareholders approved, will enhance the liquidity of the shares and strengthen the Company s capital base.

In the Company s 2009 interim report, we commented that although the turbulence brought about by the financial tsunami appeared to have stabilized and signs that a recovery has commenced, we cautioned that the process was not expected to be speedy. Indeed, in the first half of 2010, with the exception that Mainland China which continued to pose respectable GDP growth, solid rebound remained to be seen in other major economies in the world. Unemployment rate in the United States, for example, is still only marginally below a two digit figure; and sovereign debt issues in countries such as Greece continue to cast uncertainties on the pace of economic recovery in the Eurozone.
Against this background, the Group would exercise caution and adopt a prudent and conservative approach in conducting its business. We remain committed to our strategy of diversification and broadening of the Group s long term sustainable income base. We endeavour to make the Group financially solid and to put the Group in a favorable position to capitalize on investment opportunities as they arise. To this end, the Company successfully completed a share placement in April 2010 of 109,184,800 new shares at a price of HK$0.99 per share which raised net proceeds of HK$105.2 million and further enlarged our capital base. The Group remains debt- free and is in a strong liquidity position. We are actively exploring suitable investment opportunities to enhance the Company s value to our shareholders. The Group is currently looking into many projects including but not limited to a possible investment in a renewable energy related project which, if it materializes, has good potential for long term growth and return.

We wish to thank our shareholders, business partners and staff for their on-going support and commitment; as well as our former Board members for their valuable contributions past and present.
On behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
Hong Kong, 7 July 2010 