CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REVIEW This year 201213 has undoubtedly been a disappointing one for Mascotte Holdings Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, collectively the Group ). The year under review was the first full financial year after the Group completed the acquisition of the entire shareholding in Sun Materials Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sun Materials ). However, the acquisition has yet to generate the return which we would like to derive from the investment made in Sun Materials. Affected by technological obstacles associated with the production process, Sun Materials commencement of commercial production of polycrystalline silicon has experienced prolonged delays since its acquisition by the Group. On the other hand, external market conditions in the solar industry has been rather depressing since 2012, with oversupply in the market driving down spot selling prices to levels well below US$20kg. In the light of these factors, the Company has re-assessed the carrying value of the Group s investment in the polycrystalline silicon operations resulting in an impairment loss as further described in the Management Discussion and Analysis section 
In the circumstances the Group s financial position has been put under considerable stress during the year under review. To alleviate the pressure the Group has taken various measures to proactively reduce its debts throughout the year. As a result, the outstanding principal amount of the consideration bonds has been reduced to HK$885 million at the end of the financial year. On the other hand, the Company has successfully obtained the consent of shareholders and holders of the convertible bonds to amend the terms of the convertible bonds such that the Company now has the option to redeem the consideration bonds by the issue of shares, thereby relieving the Company of its obligation to redeem the consideration bonds in cash at maturity.
As part of the Company s efforts to reduce indebtedness and to provide funding for the Group s operations, the Company has completed three share placing exercises during the year and raised total net proceeds of approximately HK$53.2 million. In addition, subsequent to the end of the year the Company has successfully completed a rights issue in May 2013 which raised approximately HK$515.6 million as further described in the Company s circular dated 28 March 2013.

We anticipate that the year ahead will continue to be a challenging one for the Group. In particular, the Group s prospects would depend primarily on when we can secure a profitable entry into the photovoltaic industry. At present the market for polycrystalline silicon is still imbalanced and uncertainty exists regarding the time that will be taken for market prices to restore to more meaningful levels. The recent trade disputes between China, the United States and the European Union over dumping of solar panel products by China adds further to this uncertainty. Accordingly, we have to carefully monitor and regularly review market conditions and critically assess the impact on Sun Materials.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, business partners, all of my fellow directors and staff for their on-going support dedicated services and their valuable contribution during the year.
For and on behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
28 June 2013 