CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REVIEW The year under review has not been a smooth one for Mascotte Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries ( the Group ). Loss attributable to shareholders had increased substantially to HK$683.9 million, largely as a result of the loss of HK$306.8 million in respect of our securities trading business due to the difficult conditions in financial markets caused by factors such as the Euro debt crisis; and the finance costs incurred of HK$190.3 million in respect of the convertible bonds and consideration bonds issued during the year in connection with the acquisition of the entire shareholding in Sun Materials Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sun Materials ).
On the other hand, the year marked an important milestone for the Group as we ventured into the green energy industry through the acquisition of Sun Materials, which is engaged in manufacturing solar grade polycrystalline silicon by deploying its self developed innovative technology and production process. It was originally anticipated at the time of the acquisition that commercial production could commence within the current financial year. However, the actual progress made towards production has fallen short of earlier expectation. Subject to funds being available to finance the future capital expenditure on a timely basis, it is expected the commercial production will commence in the first half of 2013.

The year ahead is undoubtedly going to be extremely challenging.
First, from an operational aspect we need to complete the construction of the recycling facility and to proceed with commercial production of solar grade polycrystalline silicon as soon as possible. Second, from the financial prospective we need to address the Group s future funding needs diligently taking into account our working capital and capital expenditure requirements as well as the maturity profile of the Company s indebtedness.
On a more positive note we are confident that after putting the recycling facility in place Sun Materials unique technology and process will put it in a strong position from a cost-competitiveness point of view. The price correction of late in the solar grade polycrystalline silicon market is expected to make it difficult for certain higher cost manufacturers to compete and eventually drive them out of the market. The Group is therefore cautiously optimistic that with its highly competitive cost structure Sun Materials will stand to benefit from a global capacity adjustment in the market following the exit of higher cost manufacturers in the near future.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, business partners, all of my fellow directors and staff for their on-going support dedicated services and their valuable contribution during the year.
For and on behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
28 June 2012 