CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT A new beginning a year in which the Group has laid the groundwork for future 
THE YEAR IN REVIEW The year 200708 was a mixed year. Our results were disappointed as we have been hard hit by the adverse changes in the equities market. But let s not get too carried away by the unsatisfactory results for the year.
Rather we see the year positively as the beginning of a new era; a year in which we have greatly strengthened our financial muscles to pave the way for future expansion; and a year in which a new Board was formed with a clear vision to grow the Group through diversification and strategic investments.

We have long established ourselves as a market leader in the manufacturing of photographic, electrical and multimedia accessories and the Board remains committed to the long term prospects of this segment. Despite this, given the uncertainty associated with the economic environment of the Group s major export markets and the escalating costs in running a manufacturing operation in the Mainland, the Board is of the view that reliance on the manufacturing of accessories would limit the long term growth prospects of the Group as a whole. Against this background the directors have implemented a diversification strategy aiming to identify suitable investment opportunities to broaden the Group s long term sustainable income base. The Board s focus is on evaluating potential investment in (a) natural resources projects and (b) manufacturing concerns which offer the opportunity to maximize operational synergies with the Group s existing business. A prudent approach has been taken in such evaluation and no suitable investment projects have been identified yet.
On the other hand, we have completed a series of capital raising activities during the year. Coupled with the rights issue exercise currently in progress (details of which are set out in the prospectus sent to the shareholders on 10 July 2008), the Company has substantially enlarged its capital base and strengthened its financial resources in the course of twelve months. Furthermore, the Group has repaid all its outstanding bank borrowings. A solid foundation has therefore been established to enable us to take advantage of suitable investment opportunities as they arise.
Furthermore, the Group is striving to perfect its treasury operations. To diversify the risk associated with securities investment in the present volatile market, management is exploring alternative means to deploy surplus working capital. One alternative currently being looked into is the business of providing finances to creditworthy third parties which, if undertaken, will be conducted in a prudent manner under stringent credit appraisal 
The year ahead will undoubtedly be a challenging one.
Nevertheless, we believe that opportunities will arise and we are favourably positioned to capture such opportunities and to drive the Group forward.

We wish to thank our shareholders, business partners and staff for their on-going support and commitment; as well as our former Board members for their valuable contributions past and present.
On behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
Hong Kong, 25 July 2008 