am pleased to report the full year results of Kunlun Energy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) to the shareholders on behalf of the Board. For the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year ), the revenue of the Group amounted to HK$32,953 million and profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$6,518 million, representing an increase of HK$7,038 million and HK$897 million or 27.16% and 15.96% respectively compared with the restated revenue and profit attributable to owners of the Company for the corresponding period last year. International crude oil prices showed an upward trend after initial decline, and remained high in general during the Year. In addition, the natural gas business had a substantial growth, which contributed to the Group s revenue and profit.

I. Exploration and Production For the Year, revenue of HK$6,076 million was derived from the exploration and production business, a decrease of HK$113 million or 1.83% compared with the corresponding period last year, accounting for 18.44 % of the Group s total revenue. The production of the Group s eight oil fields remained stable with sales volume of crude oil reaching 17.57 million barrels, representing an increase of 0.51 million barrels or 2.97% compared with the corresponding period last year. The Group s average realised crude oil selling price was US$98.75 per barrel for the Year, representing a decrease of US$1.41 or 1.41% compared with the corresponding period last year.

II. Natural Gas Pipeline For the Year, natural gas pipeline business has further expanded. The volume of natural gas transmission was 23,833 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 3,047 million cubic metres or 14.66% compared with the corresponding period last year. The volume transmitted by PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd was 23,295 million cubic metres and the volume of other natural gas pipelines was 538 million cubic metres. Phase 1 of the coke oven gas integrated utilisation project in Wuhai, the pipeline construction project for the natural gas transmission invested by the Group, was completed. Wuyin line, the longest hydrogen-rich coke oven gas transmission pipelines in the world, was in operation; and the commencement of Wuyin line not only makes an important contribution to energy saving and emission reduction, it also brings good investment return to the Group.

III. LNG Terminal During the Year, Jiangsu LNG terminal and Dalian LNG terminal of the Group unloaded 39 barges of LNG, amounting to an aggregate of 3.85 million tonnes. The two LNG terminals are the important supporting facilities for receiving stable source of gas supply by the parent company and will contribute stable income to the Group and secure the source of 
IV. LNG Processing Plant During the Year, the Group expedited the development of LNG resources and commenced the construction of 14 LNG processing plants and acquired one LNG processing plant, of which the Guangan LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 1 million cubic metresday) in Sichuan, and the Ansai LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 2 million cubic metresday) in Shaanxi, have commenced operation. Currently, there are 7 LNG processing plants in operation with total production capacity of 4.53 million cubic metresday. The remaining processing plants will commence production successively in the next two years, upon which the Group will become the largest domestic onshore LNG producer and supplier.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2012 
V. Sales of Natural Gas Sales volume of natural gas was 4,818 million cubic metres for the Year, representing an increase of 990 million cubic metres or 25.85% (restated) compared with the corresponding period last year. Revenue derived from natural gas sales was HK$13,551 million, an increase of HK$4,364 million or 47.50% (restated) compared with the corresponding period last year, accounting for 41.12% of the Group s total revenue. Profit before income tax was HK$1,956 million, representing an increase of HK$564 million or 40.52% (restated) compared with the corresponding period last year, and the sales volume of natural gas achieved rapid growth.

During the Year, the Group made further effort in market expansion and continued to develop the LNG business as priority by implementing the Gas in Substitution of Oil strategy, accelerating the promotion of the utilisation of LNG as fuel energy for urban public transport, long-distance passenger transportation, heavy duty trucks, vessels and oilfield drilling rigs. Over 28,000 LNG vehicles were developed and supported with the construction of 227 LNG stations during the Year. In particular, the LNG collaborative projects for public transport conducted in Beijing, Chongqing, Haikou and Baoding attained remarkable demonstration effect. The Group collaborated with China Classification Society, China Changjiang National Shipping (Group) Corporation and Jinan Diesel Engine Co., Ltd. to commence the LNG utilisation for vessels in Yangtze River, Beijing-Hangzhou Grand Canal, Ganjiang River, Dongting Lake and Weishan Lake; 21 LNG vessels were developed; and the trial voyage of the first diesel-LNG hybrid bulk carrier of 3,000 tons was carried out in Yangtze River. The vessel named Lu Jining Jun 0099 was modified and became the first diesel-LNG hybrid engineering vessel in the country. The application of LNG as fuel energy in oil and gas field drilling operations such as Xinjiang Oilfield, Tarim Oilfield and Changqing Oilfield was promoted; 48 natural gas rigs were developed, with significant 
During the Year, the Group established Kunlun Energy (Gansu) Company Limited ( Gansu Company ) and Jilin Jigang Clean Energy Company Limited ( Jigang Company ) through cooperation and joint ventures with the Yumen Oilfield and Jilin Oilfield owned by the parent company respectively. The number of joint ventures increased to 6, which not only strengthened the win-win cooperation with the parent company, it also further optimised the strategic plans of the Group s principal business.

The Group will grasp the tremendous opportunities arising from the ecological civilisation construction, energy saving and emission reduction in the PRC and continue to adhere to the concept of Low-carbon Economy and Green Development by focusing on the Gas in Substitution of Oil strategy to accelerate the pace of development in natural gas business.

This year, the Group will expedite the development of LNG processing plants such as the Huanggang LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 5 million cubic metresday) in Hubei and the Taian LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 2.6 million cubic metresday) in Shandong, as well as focusing on natural gas pipeline construction projects. The Group will constantly improve the infrastructure construction of distribution facilities of natural gas to safeguard the resources for the rapid growth of the Group s natural gas business.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2012 
With a view to realise effective linkage between resources and the market, the Group will increase its marketing efforts by taking Beijing, Shanghai, Chongqing and Guangzhou as exemplary cities in public transportation, long-distance passenger and cargo routes of large transport companies as demonstration to substantially promote the development of LNG vehicles.
In addition, the Group will further consolidate the Gasifying Changjiang collaboration with China Changjiang National Shipping (Group) Corporation to speed up the application of LNG vessels in inland rivers and lakes and further promote the utilisation of LNG as fuel energy for oilfield drilling rigs. The Group will also accelerate the study on the safety of railway transportation of LNG for Golmud-Lhasa line (Golmud, Qinghai Lhasa, Tibet) to attain early realisation of rail transportation of LNG in container.

The Group will further optimise the Gas in Substitution of Oil strategy by opening up the channels in Hexi Corridor through the newly established Gansu Company and complete the overall setting in the Northeast region through the Jigang Company and KunLun Energy (LiaoNing) Company Limited of the Group to achieve the target of nation-wide network across China and set a solid foundation for the development of LNG vessels.

The Group will further leverage on the overall advantages of the parent company and explore the effect of joint venture and cooperation platform; and continue its in-depth cooperation with the enterprises owned by the parent company such as oilfield enterprises, transportation companies and sales enterprises; continue to seek investment opportunities in the field of domestic natural gas business aligning with the business development direction, enhance business scale and effectiveness sustainably; and make contribution to energy saving and emission reduction as well as green development in China; and provide shareholders with satisfactory returns.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK23 cents per share (2011: HK22 cents per share) to Shareholders whose names appear on the Shareholders Register on 28 May 2013 (Tuesday). The payment will be made in June 2013. The proposed final dividend amounts to a total of approximately HK$1,852 million and 2011 dividend of HK$1,766 million was paid in 2012, which represents a payout ratio (dividend per share divided by basic earnings per share) of approximately 
KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2012 
CLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER For the purposes of determining Shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2013 annual general meeting to be held on 20 May 2013 (the 2013 AGM ), and for determing shareholders entitlement to the final dividend, the Shareholders Register will be closed. Details of such closures are set out below: 
(i) For determining eligibility to attend and vote at the 2013 AGM: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration 4:00 pm on 14 May 2013 (Tuesday) Closure of shareholders register from 15 May 2013 (Wednesday) to 16 May 2013 (Thursday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 20 May 2013 (Monday) 
(ii) For determining entitlement to the final dividend: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration 4:00 pm on 24 May 2013 (Friday) Closure of shareholders register from 27 May 2013 (Monday) to 28 May 2013 (Tuesday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 28 May 2013 (Tuesday) 
During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2013 AGM, and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at Level 26 Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The 2013 AGM will be held on 20 May 2013 (Monday). The Notice of the 2013 AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, will be sent together with the 2012 Annual Report. The Notice of the 2013 AGM and the proxy form will also be available on the Company s website.

By the Order of the Board 
