Chairmanʼs Statement
BUSINESS REVIEW
The board of directors (the “Board”) of Kunlun Energy Company Limited (the “Company”) hereby reports the annual result
for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year”) of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) to the
shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”). During the Year, facing the severe and complex economic situations,
under continuing sluggish international oil prices and the fall in natural gas price in the PRC, the Group actively optimised and
adjusted its business structure and assets structure and focused on its core business of natural gas utilisation by facilitating
innovative development and vigorously implementing all-around, whole-process, all-element measures to control cost and
improve performance. The synergies from acquisition of PetroChina Kunlun Gas Co., Ltd. (“Kunlun Gas”) began to show. The
overall platform of the Group was better than expected. During the Year, the Group’s sales revenue was HK$81,882 million;
profit before income tax expense was HK$7,115 million; and profit attributable to the owners of the Company was HK$659
million, representing decreases of 15.00%, 5.82% and 55.80%, respectively, as compared with last year (restated). Basic
earnings per share for the Year were HK8.16 cents.
As the domestic LNG market recovery was slower than expected, the Group made a provision of HK$4,602 million for
impairment of assets including LNG plants. Excluding such factor, core profit before income tax expense for the Year would
be HK$11,717 million, representing an increase of 26.27% as compared with last year (restated). Core profit attributable to
shareholders and basic core earnings per share were HK$4,392 million and HK54.41 cents, respectively, representing increases
of 36.69% and 36.71% as compared with last year.
In May 2016, the Group completed the acquisition of Kunlun Gas, and became a financing platform and investment vehicle
for CNPC’s natural gas business and a management platform for its natural gas utilisation business. Its natural gas utilisation
business covers 31 provinces and cities across China, with the capacity of the annual natural gas sales volume of nearly 18
billion cubic metres and LPG sales volume of over 6 million tons, loading and unloading volume of LNG terminals of 12.5
million tons, LNG plant capacity of 5.8 million tons/year, and over 1,200 CNG/LNG stations, leading in the PRC in terms of the
number of gas stations.
During the Year, the Group made use of the synergies to facilitate management consolidation, further improved its threelevel
management model of “Kunlun Energy – Provincial companies – Project companies”, and optimised resource allocation,
adopted strong measures to reduce cost and enhance efficiency. As a result, it has initially realised centralised operation,
professional management and integrated development. During the Year, labour cost decreased by 5.44% and selling, general
and administrative expenses decreased by 11.04% as compared with the restated amount for last year, reflecting initial results
for its management integration.
During the Year, the Group successfully issued 3.35 billion RMB-denominated US dollar-settled convertible bonds, which
are the first convertible bonds issued in overseas markets that are linked to offshore Renminbi. The Group has made the
application with the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors of the People’s Republic of China for
registration of RMB10 billion panda bonds. The Group has obtained A1, A+, and A ratings from Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s
and Fitch respectively and also obtained AAA from China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd.
Exploration and Production
During the Year, the sales volume of crude oil in the exploration and production business reached 15.22 million barrels,
representing a decrease of 1.53 million barrels or 9.13% compared with the volume of 16.75 million barrels for last year.
The revenue was HK$1,753 million, representing a decrease of HK$826 million or 32.03% as compared with the revenue
of HK$2,579 million for last year; mainly due to the realised crude oil selling price for the year of US$34.66/barrel, which
represents a decrease of US$8.35 or 19.41% as compared with US$43.01/barrel for last year. Profit before income tax expense
was HK$14 million, representing an increase of HK$3,893 million or 100.36% compared to loss before income tax expense of
HK$3,879 million for last year, mainly due to the provision of HK$1,679 million made for the impairment of oil and gas assets
as a result of the decrease in average crude oil selling price in 2015.
Natural Gas Pipeline
During the Year, the transmission volume of natural gas pipeline business was 35,731 million cubic metres, representing
an increase of 566 million cubic metres or 1.61% as compared with 35,165 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. The
revenue was HK$13,742 million, representing a decrease of HK$301 million or 2.14% as compared to HK$14,043 million
(restated) for last year. Profit before income tax expense was HK$9,461 million, representing an increase of HK$81 million or
0.86% as compared to HK$9,380 million (restated) for last year.
During the Year, the transmission volume of PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd. under the Group (“Beijing Pipeline
Company”) was 33,627 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 2.11% as compared with last year. The trunk line of
No. 4 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline, which is invested by Beijing Pipeline Company, commenced construction in July 2016. Despite
unfavourable factors such as tight schedule and difficulties in external coordination, the Baodi-Xianghe-Xiji connection
line had the gas supply channel in east Beijing built in less than 100 days, enhancing total natural gas transmission and
distribution capacity in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei.
LNG Terminal
During the Year, the sales volume of LNG Terminal was 4,859 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 891 million
cubic metres or 22.45% as compared with 3,968 million cubic metres for last year. The revenue was HK$1,727 million,
representing an increase of HK$237 million or 15.91% as compared with HK$1,490 million for last year; profit before income
tax expense was HK$704 million, representing an increase of HK$300 million or 74.26% as compared with HK$404 million for
last year.
The second phase projects of Jiangsu and Dalian LNG Terminals were completed and put into operation, which has realised
the storage of LNG resources in summer for use in winter and effectively improved the emergency peaking capability in
winter. Dalian LNG Terminal actively conducted third-party storage and transmission business. Relying on the resources
of Jiangsu LNG Terminal and existing projects in Jiangsu Province, a regional LNG trading management and resource
coordination platform has been established.
Sales of Natural Gas and LNG Processing
During the Year, the sales volume of natural gas was 23,755 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 796 million
cubic metres or 3.47% as compared with 22,959 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. The revenue was HK$65,452
million, representing a decrease of HK$14,028 million or 17.65% as compared with HK$79,480 million (restated) for last year;
loss before income tax expense was HK$2,084 million, representing a decrease of HK$4,334 million or 192.62% as compared
with profit before income tax expense of HK$2,250 million (restated) for last year. Excluding the effect of the provision for
impairment of assets in respect of LNG plants, core profit before income tax expense for this business segment would be
HK$2,463 million, representing an increase of 7.32% as compared with HK$2,295 million (restated) for last year.
During the Year, the sales volume of natural gas (excluding LNG processing) was 23,233 million cubic metres, representing
an increase of 953 million cubic metres or 4.28% as compared with 22,280 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. The
revenue was HK$63,975million, representing a decrease of HK$13,435 million or 17.36% as compared with HK$77,410 million
(restated) for last year; profit before income tax expense was HK$3,238 million, representing an increase of HK$120 million or
3.85% as compared with profit before income tax expense of HK$3,118 million (restated) for last year.
Of which: City gas business recorded fast growth with sales volume of 9,225 million cubic metres, representing 38.83% of
total natural gas sales volume and representing an increase of 11.00% as compared with the restated amount for last year.
Sales volume in three areas including Hebei, Jiangsu and Shandong exceeded 1.5 billion cubic metres each. The development
of the No. 4 Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline and the East Pipeline between China and Russia was planned for in advance, and the
Group actively participated in the construction of key projects in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei.
LPG sales improved in terms of both sales volume and efficiency. In order to maximise overall performance, we fully
optimised resource allocation manners. Its self-operated level three stations had all realised profit. LPG terminal sales
increased by 10.6%.
The natural gas branch pipeline construction was progressing in an orderly manner. A new 280 kilometre branch pipeline and
the Qinzhou Petrochemical Industrial Park branch pipeline commenced operation. Tengchong, Xiangyun and Shidian branch
pipelines of Yunnan were almost finished. Yangzhou Power Plant branch pipeline, Bengbu branch pipeline and Taihe branch
pipeline were having steady progress. Four new branch pipelines such as Changsha-Liuyang branch pipeline and LianyuanXinhua
branch pipeline commenced construction. The sales and sales volume of Kunming East branch pipeline, Kunming
West branch pipeline, Xiangtan-Loudi-Shaoyang branch pipeline significantly increased, further showing their market
coverage.
Major progress has been made for the development of the natural gas power generation and distributed energy project.
With “controlling major gas supply pipeline of power plants and investing in power plants” as the major model, the Company
accelerated strategic cooperation with major power generation companies including China Huadian Corporation and China
Power International, and entered into cooperation framework agreements for 8 natural gas power generation projects and 4
distributed energy projects.
The Group strived to increase the production volume and performance of CNG and LNG segments. In order to actively
respond to market downturn, the Group adopted multiple measures to develop users and expand marketing channels. Three
CNG primary stations in Fushun, Xiaogan and Zhijiang commenced operation. The Company also partnered with refined oil
sales enterprises in Inner Mongolia, Anhui and Jiangxi to facilitate the joint construction of 109 oil and gas joint stations.
During the Year, the sales volume of LNG processing was 522 million cubic metres, representing a decrease of 157 million
cubic metres or 23.12% as compared with 679 million cubic metres (restated) for last year. The revenue was HK$1,477million,
representing a decrease of HK$593 million or 28.65% as compared with HK$2,070 million (restated) for last year; loss before
income tax expense was HK$5,322 million, representing an increase of HK$4,454 million or 513.13% as compared with loss
before income tax expense of HK$868 million (restated) for last year. Excluding the effect of the provision for impairment
of assets, core loss before income tax expense for this LNG processing business would be HK$800 million, representing a
decrease HK$68 million or of 7.83% as compared with HK$868 million for last year.
The Group had made a provision of HK$4,522 million for the impairment of LNG processing business related assets, which
would affect the profitability of the Group for 2016 but would not have any impact on its operating cash flows. The Group
will continue to implement its cost control strategy, improve its operational efficiency through technical and management
innovations, and accelerate the building of integrated operation advantage with relevant industries supporting each other, in
order to avoid the negative impact of economic environment on the Group’s results.
BUSINESS PROSPECTS
The Group believes that while the impact of the international financial crisis still exists and will continue to exist in the
foreseeable future, the world economy is gradually recovering from in-depth adjustment, and China’s long-term economic
fundamentals remain strong. In particular, the Chinese government actively advocates the “One Belt, One Road” initiative and
the implementation of five major development concepts, vigorously implements national strategies including innovationdriven
development, which has created a good environment for the development of energy enterprises. The Chinese
Government has adopted strict measures to control air pollution, and vigorously promoted the market-oriented natural
gas reform. It introduced a series of relevant reform policies such as grant of access to oil and gas pipeline network and
facilities, monitoring and review of pipeline distribution price and natural gas utilisation reform, which will have positive
impacts on stimulating natural gas consumption. During the “13th Five-Year” plan, natural gas consumption as a percentage
of primary energy consumption will increase from 6% to 10%. China’s Government work report this year clearly specifies
that the government will tackle both symptoms and root causes and fight pollution with all of its might in order to make
the skies blue again. It will promote clean heating in winter in northern China. China will also accelerate the large-scale and
efficient utilisation of natural gas in four major areas including urban gas, industrial fuel, gas power generation, transportation
fuel, promote the coordinated development across the industrial chain from upstream to downstream and make natural
gas become the major energy in China’s modern energy system. As a result of favourable policies such as LNG vehicle tax
incentives and inclusion of CNG and LNG vehicle into the green procurement list of government, the vehicle LNG market will
gradually recover. As a clean, low carbon-emission and green energy by adding natural gas power generator, natural gas will
play an important role in chain’s efforts to make the skies blue again. There is still broad room for development for the PRC
natural gas utilisation market and the Group will embrace the unique opportunity for development.
CNPC accelerates the development of natural gas and pipelines business as a strategic and value-added business. As an
important part of the natural gas industrial chain of CNPC, the Group will receive stronger support in terms of resource
protection, business allocation and network construction from CNPC and achieve faster growth relying on its overall
advantages. In the future, the Group will actively seize the development opportunities of the PRC natural gas industry and
accelerate the release of benefit brought by the comprehensive in-depth reform of CNPC. It will promote development led
by innovations in an effort to make new breakthroughs in terms of the system reform, structure optimisation and capital
operation.
For natural gas pipeline business, the Group will actively adopt measures to maintain the steady operation of its existing
trunk pipelines, strictly control quality, safety, construction phase and investment to ensure that No. 4 Shaanxi-Beijing
Pipeline will commence operation as scheduled.
For LNG terminal business, the Group will accelerate the development of the emergency peak protection project. The Group
will closely monitor the developments of the third-party access policies for LNG terminals and strive to obtain the spot sales
right in the window period to expand sales volume.
For natural gas utilisation business, the Group will focus on optimising urban gas business, developing natural gas branch
pipeline business, actively participating in natural gas power generation and distributed energy business, actively developing
LNG/CNG terminal business, optimising LNG processing, storage, transportation and trading business, as well as refining LPG
sale business, so as to realise the combination of production with capital, greatly improve the quality and fully improve its
image and enterprise value.
For city gas business, it strives to register over 700,000 new customers. For branch pipeline development, it will complete
and commence operation of over 10 branch pipelines including Changsha-Liuyang branch pipeline. For natural gas
power generation and distributed energy business, the Group will speed up its cooperation with major power generation
companies, seek opportunities to provide gas supply to national projects, and continue to promote the cooperation between
gas and electricity companies and the development of distributed energy projects. For CNG/LNG terminal business, it will
strengthen the practical cooperation with refined oil sales enterprises in gas refilling for vehicles and vessels, keep a close eye
on the transportation fuel upgrading projects and capture the new round of development opportunities brought by the “oilto-gas
conversion”. For LNG processing, storage, transportation and trading business, the Company will conduct in-depth
research of coordinated development of the LNG industrial chain, coordinate the development of terminal, plant and end
business, establish a mechanism for integrated operation of regional plants and stations, and increase the overall load of LNG
plants. For LPG sales business, the Group will strive to increase the percentage of end sales to above 25%.
In the meantime, the Group will adhere to its development concepts of safety and environmental protection, compliance,
cooperation and sharing and open integration, vigorously implements its five major strategies in respect of market,
resources, capital, quality and innovations. With “providing clean energy to serve a harmonious society” as its corporate
missions, the Group will continue to implement a sound Health, Safety & Environment system and build an appropriate and
effective “environmental, social and governance” risk management and internal control system. It will further strengthen its
sustainable development ability, accelerate its development towards a world-class natural gas utilisation company with a
leading position in the PRC and create values for shareholders through outstanding performance.
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK7.4 cents per share (2015: HK6 cents per share) to Shareholders
whose names appear on the Company’s register of members (the “Shareholders Register”) on 14 June 2017 (Wednesday)
subject to the approval at the Annual General Meeting of the Company (the “2017 AGM”). The payment will be made on
or before 30 June 2017. The proposed 2016 final dividend amounts to a total of approximately HK$597 million and 2015
dividend of HK$484 million was paid in 2016, which represents a payout ratio (dividend per share divided by basic earnings
per share) of approximately 90.69% or 13.60% of core earnings per share (2015 restated: 32.43% or 15.08%).
CLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER
For the purposes of determining Shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 AGM, and entitlement to the final
dividend, the Shareholders Register will be closed. Details of such closures are set out below:
During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2017 AGM,
and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates
must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at Level 22,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The 2017 AGM will be held on 2 June 2017 (Friday). The Notice of the 2017 AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to
Shareholders, will be sent together with the 2016 Annual Report. The Notice of the 2017 AGM and the proxy form will also be
available on the websites of the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).
By the Order of the Board
Huang Weihe
Chairman & Executive Director
Hong Kong, 28 March 2017
