I would like to report to the shareholders on behalf of the Board that, for the year ended 31 December 2009 (the Year ), the Group recorded profit attributable to owners of the Company of HK$1,204 million, representing a decrease of HK$2,181 million or 64.44% compared with HK$3,385 million (restated) for the previous year.
Sales volume of crude oil for the Year was 16 million barrels (2008: 16 million barrels), representing a decrease of 293,000 barrels or 1.78% compared with the previous year. In addition, with the substantial fall in international crude oil prices, profit before income tax expense of the Group decreased by HK$3,919 million. As compared with the previous year, the weighted average realised crude oil price per barrel of the Group was approximately US$50.69, representing a decrease of US$27.57 or 35.23% as compared with US$78.26 in the previous year.
The decrease in profit was mainly due to a drop in oil prices and adjustment for tax duties expense by CNPC-Aktobemunaigas Joint Stock Company ( Aktobe ) project.
Natural Gas Business 2009 was a crucial year for the Group. We have started to develop the end-users sale and utilisation of natural gas business in accordance with our corporate strategy.
During the Year, through equity acquisitions and capital injections, we have established the foundation for the Company s business transition and the development of natural gas business.
As the natural gas business is still in the developing stage, it has not contributed much to the Group. The natural gas business contributed HK$214 million to the Group s profit during the Year.
Exploration and Production Business The Group currently has eleven oil fields located in seven different countries, four of them are exploration projects. In 2009, each oil field underwent comprehensive exploration and development as planned, remaining the sound cash flows to seek to increase production volume in light of high oil prices, so as to generate considerable returns for shareholders.
In 2009, the exploration and production business contributed HK$1,081 million to the Group s profit.
For the year 2009, total sales of crude oil and natural gas by Aktobe was 40 million barrels and 82,772 million cu.ft (2008: crude oil 39 million barrels; natural gas 62,576 million cu.ft.) respectively. Sales of crude oil increased by 1 million barrels or 3.5%, while sales of natural gas increased by 20,196 million cu.ft. or 32.3%. On a pro rata basis, the Group s share of crude oil amounted to 6 million barrels and natural gas amounted to12,475 million cu.ft. (2008: crude oil 6 million barrels; natural gas 9,431 million cu.ft). According to the production schedule, the sales volume will be increased year by year.
CHAIRMAN STATEMENT (CONTINUED) 4 KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2009 The Group holds 50% interest in the right to explore and produce oil and natural gas in Blocks VI and VII of the Talara Oil Field in Peru. During the Year, 1.08 million barrels (2008: 1.01 million barrels) of crude oil and 458 million cu. ft. (2008: 720 million cu. ft.) of natural gas were sold by the oil field, representing an increase of 6.9% and a decrease of 36.4% compared to previous year respectively. 2010 is a key year for the Group. In order to increase the production volume, we will large-scaly exploit the secondary oil seams and implement the rolling development of the offshore oil zone in the northwest area of Block VI.
Under the unremitting efforts of the management of Continental GeoPetro (Bengara-II) Limited ( CGB-II ), in February 2009, the Indonesian Petroleum Department eventually agreed to extend the exploration period to December 2011. Therefore, 2010 will be a crucial year to CGB-II. The Company will arrange the 2D and 3D seismic data as soon as possible and plan to carry out drilling of exploration wells in 2010 so as to confirm the reserve volume and submit application for entering the development phase.
The existing exploration and production business is still a main profit stream to the Group, and it will continue to grow. With the benefit from the rising of the oil price and the sales volume increase, it is expected to generate considerable profits to the Group.
After PetroChina Company Limited ( PetroChina ) has become the controlling shareholder of the Group in 2008, the Group has positioned to focus on the development of end-users sale and comprehensive utilisation of natural gas business as a principal business in the future.
Under the wave of low-carbon economy which sweeps across the world, the future competition among enterprises will be carried out under a low-carbon economic pattern. Energy-saving and emission reduction is the core of low-carbon economy. Among the fossil heavily used at present, natural gas is a clean, low-carbon energy resource. There is ample room for development in terms of both the scope of application and degree of utilisation, especially the promotion and application of power equipment using natural gas as fuel, i.e. replacing gasoline and diesel with natural gas as power fuel for motor vehicles and ships. This will open a broader high-end market for the future application of natural gas for certain. Therefore, the Company has adopted the application of liquefied natural gas ("LNG") as its strategic business approach, and has carried out the planning and deployment of LNG resource and market across the country.
PetroChina, as the PRC s largest manufacturer and provider of oil and gas, has developed its natural gas business as a strategic growth business. Being an important segment of natural gas industry chain, the Group will be responsible for the natural gas downstream end-users sale and comprehensive utilisation business. Hence, the Group will have strong support from the parent company in areas of manpower, technology and resources, etc., with a view to creating synergy in its development with the parent company, in terms of exploitation of natural gas resource as well as sales and marketing.
With the support of PetroChina, the Group insists on leading in the direction of energy-saving, less emission and greener development, paying more efforts in developing the low-carbon clean energy and new energy business. Under the premise of maintaining stable operation of the existing exploration and development business, actively promoting the swift development of natural gas end-users sale and comprehensive utilisation business, striving to attain a balance in earnings from both new and existing businesses in the coming two years. Therefore, the Company has officially changed its name to KunLun Energy Company Limited on 22 March 2010, so as to better promote the concept of Low-Carbon Economy Green Development , that the Company upholds, and broadens the content of its business development.
CHAIRMAN STATEMENT (CONTINUED) KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2009 5 The Group will continue to adopt the approach of capital utilisation and physical operation in its future business development. The Company will integrate the related assets of natural gas end-users sale and comprehensive utilisation as well as the new energy resources business, especially the related assets of the parent company by means of assets injection, so as to continue improving the structure and plan of the Company s business development, and realise a striding development for the new business of the Company. The Company will consolidate the existing market through the controlled business entities, so as to cultivate and develop the market for new business, especially the high-end sales market of LNG business.
With a strong financial position and prudent business approach, the Group aims to develop into an international energy corporation mainly engaging in the natural gas end-users sale and comprehensive utilisation businesses, generating a considerable return to our The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK7 cents (2008: HK15 cents) per share. The proposed dividend will be paid on or about 15 June 2010 to the shareholders whose names appear on the Register on 7 May 2010, subject to the approval at the Annual General Meeting.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
The register of members of the Company will be closed from 3 May 2010 to 7 May 2010 both days inclusive, during which period
no transfers of shares will be registered. All transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with
the Company’s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Ltd. at Level 26, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen’s Road East, Hong
Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on 30 April 2010 in order to qualify for the proposed final dividend.