CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REVIEW As I cautioned in last year s annual report, it has not been plain sailing as far as recovery of the economy during the current financial year is concerned. Indeed, throughout the year, we have seen a number of events which have caused various degree of turbulence in the equities market.
Unabated concerns over the sovereign debt problems in the Eurozone; political unrests in Africa and the Middle East; the lack of momentum of economic recovery in the United States; surging inflation in Mainland China; the earthquake in Japan etc, have all influenced investor sentiments at various times during the year in review.
In the circumstances the results of our securities trading business has been disappointing, culminating in the loss of HK$245 million for the financial year as further detailed in the Management Discussion and Analysis section of this 
The uncertainties created by some of the abovementioned factors are still hovering around us as we enter a new financial year. It can be expected that global market conditions will remain volatile in the near term. The Group s current business, especially our investment trading activities, will continue to operate under challenging conditions in the year ahead.
Despite the above, we believe that 2011 is the year in which the Group lays a solid foundation for its future long term growth. Earlier in the year, we announced our proposed acquisition of a controlling interest in Sun Materials Technology Co., Ltd. ( Sun Materials ), a company based in Taiwan which engages in the production of solar grade polysilicon, the primary raw material used in the manufacturing of solar cells in the photovoltaic industry for generating electricity. This acquisition will mark our Group s entry into the renewable energy industry with tremendous growth opportunities.
After months of painstaking work, the proposed acquisition of Sun Materials and the related proposed placing of the Company s shares and convertible bonds to fund the acquisition and the expansion of the production capacity of Sun Materials received shareholders approval at the Company s special general meeting held on 7 June 2011. Completion of the acquisition and the placing are expected to take place imminently.
Sun Materials deploys an innovative and patented technology to produce solar grade polysilicon. Traditionally, the polysilicon manufacturing process is associated with high production costs and pollution. The patented technology deployed by Sun Materials is capable of significantly reducing both the manufacturing costs and the adverse environmental impact in the production process. The company believes that Sun Materials technology is a revolutionary innovation that can radically transform the industry landscape in the renewable energy market. Through our investment in Sun Materials, we are optimistic that the Group will become a leading player in the solar grade polysilicon and clean energy markets and thus enhance the value of the Company to its shareholder.
After completion of the acquisition of Sun Materials, the polysilicon production operation will become a new line of business of the Group. Our business focus will include exploring the growth potential of this new segment; and we may consider reallocating part of the group s resources towards this business line in order to capture its future 
I wish to thank our shareholders, business partners and staff for their on-going support and commitment; as well as our former Board members for their valuable contributions past and present.
On behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
29 June 2011 