CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT For the year ended 31 March 2007, the Group achieved a turnover of approximately HK$232.5 million, representing an increase of 11.0% when compared with previous 
For the year ended 31 March 2007, the Group achieved a turnover of approximately HK$232.5 million, representing an increase of 11.0% when compared with previous corresponding year. The gross profit was increased by HK$12.0 million, as compared with previous 
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 March 2007 amounted to approximately HK$10.5 million (2006: HK$12.5 million), representing a decrease of 15.5% when compared with previous corresponding year. Such decreases were the combined results of: (a) impairment loss of receivable of HK$5.7 million; (b) increase in staff costs of HK$3.1 million; (c) increase in legal and professional expenses of HK$2.9 million; and (d) impairment loss on goodwill of HK$4.2 million.
Earnings per share for the year ended 31 March 2007 was HK2.4 cents (2006: HK2.9 cents).

No interim dividend was declared for the year ended 31 March 2007 (2006: Nil) and the Board did not recommend any payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2007 (2006: HK 1 cent per share).

The management continues to focus on new revenue channels within the Group s core business of accessories for photographic, multimedia and electrical products. The demand for digital SLR camera bags has outpaced the forecasts of the market and allowed the Group not only to maintain a sustainable turnover in the photographic area but achieve an increase with the Group s historical core customer base. This is reflected in the turnover for photographic products, which has increased to 37.9% of the Group s turnover for the year ended 31 March 2007. At large this is attributable to the participation at the number one trade show for photographic accessories Photokina held every 2 years in Cologne, Germany, in September 2006. At Photokina, the Group was able to not only introduce new models to its existing customer base but also open new accounts in the photographic accessories sector. The Group continues to foster its relationships with electronic and multimedia technology partners such as Eleksen (www.eleksen.com) and NXT (www.nxtplc.com). A presence at the Consumer Electronic Show in Las Vegas in January 2007 and the Hong Kong Electronic Shows in April and October has helped to foster the percentage growth in the multimedia and electrical accessories business for traditional cut and sew, as well as convergence products.
The Group continues to focus on the prospects of increasing its market share in the US, whereas demand has been flat for audio accessories due to the anticipation of the launch of the iPhone . Its launch was announced at MacWorld in January 2007, but not due to launch until the summer of 2007 in the US and later in the year in the global market. The group continues to invest conservatively in innovative R&D for wearable electronics as well as exploring a relationship with revolutionary solar technology for the use in bags, an area in which the Group holds China patents. This will further expand the Group s knowledge in wearable electronics and convergence products. Keeping costs tight and concentrating on its core competencies, the Group seeks to further expand its market penetration both in electronic and multimedia accessories over the coming 
Following the acquisition completion of a PRC property located in Guangzhou, PRC on 24 July 2006, the property portfolio of the Group in the PRC is expected to accelerate the future growth in line with the promising economic growth of the PRC. The Directors consider that the acquisition will contribute positively to the operating results of the Group in future years.
Having regard to the recent property market in Hong Kong and the PRC, the directors consider to review the property portfolio and do not rule out the possibility of sale of certain properties in order to realize the gain in property appreciation. In June 2007, the Group disposed of certain investment properties and leasehold building for the total of consideration of HK$59 million, and such disposals improved the cashflow of the Group. The Company intends to apply the proceeds towards general working capital or other investments in future. As the Company does not have any identified investment plans at present, the directors are constantly looking for 
We wish to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and staffs for on-going support and for sharing the Company s confidence and commitment.
On Behalf of the Board Chan Oi Ling, Maria Olimpia 
Hong Kong, 25 July 2007 