CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present the results of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the Company or HengTen Networks ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the nine months ended 31 December 2015.

Manufacture and sales of accessories The segment s turnover increased from approximately HK$100.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2015 to approximately HK$101.0 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2015, mainly due to completion of a significant order from a new customer during the period.
Due the relatively low margin of the above-mentioned significant order, the gross profit margin of the segment decreased from approximately 34.2% for the year ended 31 March 2015 to 26.8% on average for the nine months ended 31 December 2015. Nevertheless, with the decrease in selling and marketing costs and administrative expenses, the segment turned loss of approximately HK$1.1 million for the year ended 31 March 2015 to a profit of approximately HK$3.2 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2015.

The segment recorded a loss of approximately HK$23.6 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2015 as compared with a gain of approximately HK$4.7 million for the year ended 31 March 2015. The loss for the nine months ended 31 December 2015 was mainly attributable to a net realised loss from disposal of the unlisted convertible bonds designated at fair value through profit or loss of approximately HK$4.5 million, a net realised loss from fair value change in held for trading investment in securities of approximately HK$3.5 million and a net unrealised loss from fair value change in held for trading investments in securities of approximately HK$14.6 
During the nine months ended 31 December 2015, no new loan was granted and therefore no interest income was generated for this segment (31 March 2015: approximately HK$0.003 million).

During the nine months ended 31 December 2015, rental income of approximately HK$0.8 million was generated.
With the decrease in fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2015 as compared to 31 March 2015, a fair value loss of approximately HK$0.4 million was recognised during the nine months ended 31 December 2015. The decrease in fair value was mainly due to the slight decrease in the market price of the investment 
Internet Community Service (I) Market Overview Community O2O mode has begun its exploration in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) since 2014, and it is still in the early stage of development with fragmented market. Real estate companies, independent property companies and Internet companies have different perspectives on the development of the community O2O, and with intense competition, there is still no significant industry leader.
In March 2015, Premier Li Keqiang announced the Report on the Work of the Government, indicating that the government would formulate the Internet Plus Action Plan; In July, the State Council released the Guiding Opinions on Actively Promoting the Internet Plus Action ; In October, the 13th Five-Year Plan recommendations were reviewed and approved by the 18th Session of the Fifth Plenary Session. The abovementioned policies have clearly enhanced guidance and support, focusing on the promotion of new generation of information technology with the representation of mobile Internet, cloud computing, big data, Internet of Things, integration and innovation with manufacturing, energy, services, agriculture and other fields. The policies also enhance the development and growth of new industries and the creation of new industry growth area, strengthen the support of taxation and improve financing services, develop sharing economy, implement national big data strategy. Under the background of these policies, HengTen Networks, carrying the outstanding genes of the global real estate leader Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande , and together with its subsidiaries, the Evergrande Group ) and the global Internet giant Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ), entered the Internet community services, striving to build the one-stop community service platform with the largest traffic, the best service, the best experience and the most popular brand.
On 21 February 2016, the State Council released the Several Opinions on Further Enhancing Urban Planning and Construction Management Work and proposed to promote street district in our new residential area and no longer build closed residential community in principle. The existing residential community and estates have to gradually open for public internal roads . The breakthrough of community and public transport system, the rise of open community, and the gradually entering of a variety of lifestyle service business establish a foundation for neighborhood social network, sharing economy and community business, and at the same time bring new challenges on home security to property owners. The Group is the first in the market to add the function of home security system for property owners with smart peephole as core during the launching of HengTen Mimi APP, becoming the first to occupy home security field. It is in line with the national policies and commences the strategy, becoming one of the profit growth points in the future.
With favorable policies, the macro-environment of Internet Plus accelerates the penetration of the Internet to communities. There are strong business opportunities and profitability in communities, and community service can make full use of the stock of resources of real estate, promote the cohesion of property owners, brand promotion and value-added specialties. In accordance with research, the year 2016 will be the activation period of the community O2O market and it will step into a rapid development period from 2017 onwards. Many companies will compete to enter the community O2O market with survival of the fittest, forming trend of separatist regime. Evergrande Group has a huge stock of real estate resources, having more than 100 cities nationwide, nearly 400 communities, with property areas of 50 million square metres and property owners of nearly 4 million. The current development scale of Evergrande Group s real estate segment is astonishing and new property owners are growing rapidly. Combining with the advanced Internet technology resources and huge user data base advantage of Tencent, we can cooperate to enter the Internet community service market with great synergy, rapidly seizing the Internet community service market worth trillions.
(II) Business Development The Group released 3+2+x business structure on 27 November 2015, which comprises three fundamental segments, being property services, neighborhood social networking and life services, and two value-added segments, being Internet home and community finance as well as those segments as might be derived in the future. The structure can comprehensively and effectively solve problems traditionally found in community property management and community resident life, and thereby create a comprehensive, efficient and useful social O2O platform and build an innovative Internet + community way of living. On 30 December 2015, HengTen Mimi APP 1.0, a community O2O platform developed by the Group, successfully completed its first phase wireless online launch, and was promoted online in the first batch of 12 pilot communities located in pilot cities such as Guangzhou, Shenyang, Shijiazhuang, Jinan, Luoyang, Wuhan, Changsha, Nanchang, Chengdu. This marks a substantial step being taken by the Group on building an Internet Plus way of living, laying a solid foundation to seize the community O2O market.
1. Fundamental Segments HengTen Mimi APP 1.0 focuses on two fundamental segments, property services and neighborhood social networking. Property services segment provides online collection of property management fees and utilities fees, home facilities repair and maintenance, community information communication and other functions, connecting with smart peephole and other intelligent home security monitoring equipment. Internet realizes the integration of online-offline property services, providing immediate response to daily highly-demanded property needs of property owners, thus greatly enhance service efficiency, and improves the loyalty of users to the online service platform using the comprehensive range of hardware to software, and creates opportunities to expand to other additional services.
Neighborhood social networking segment provides activities initiation, content sharing, photo wall event poll and other functions, and is committed to create high user activity and cohesion, realizing the advantageous feature of sharing economic based on community resource.
2. Value-added Segments Internet home platform focuses on the needs of property owners, and is committed to building an interactive move-in condition one-stop service by customized design, combined package, online group purchase etc. In addition, its unique advantage of centralized procurement from its supplier alliance not only creates values for property owners but also creates a sustainable and profitable value-added business model for HengTen Networks.
As at 31 December 2015, the Internet home business has set up an alliance with 15 large well- known furniture and household textile units in the PRC, signed 2,175 home furniture products in 32 series and 178 household textile products in 26 series. The Internet home platform commenced development of exclusive products together with partnering suppliers for Evergrande real estate projects and completed the first round of review focusing on offline market research for home products in the first batch of 12 pilot communities, thereby laying the foundation for effective implementation of Internet home business.
The Group completed the preliminary research, development and planning of community life services, community Internet finance and other segments in 2015. Combining the resource advantages of Evergrande s diversified industries, the Group initiated the exploration of extensive strategic business model of resource sharing and complementary advantages.
(III) Team Building With the support of human resources both online and offline, HengTen Networks has gradually established a complete team. (1) Online part: Comprising a team of capable staff in product, operation, research and development and industry cooperation functions, with core members all from largest domestic and overseas Internet companies. Substantially all of them graduated from top universities in the PRC and overseas. With an average age of 28 and average industry experience of 6.5 years, they possess innovative thinking, wide vision and flexible product development capability from the Internet industry, as well as high efficiency and execution ability inherited from the culture of Evergrande. (2) Offline part: Through seamless online teamwork cooperation and connection with the most experienced property management team in the PRC in community product marketing, implementation of services and organization of services, a complete service cycle was 
Manufacturing and sales of accessories The Group expects the performance of manufacturing and sales of accessories will have a moderate growth in the year ahead. The traditional high quality designs of single-lens reflex camera bags with higher price have been reinvigorated with the end users being willing to pay in proportionate to the high price of their cameras. The action camera accessories market is slowly becoming saturated and the Group is concentrating on innovative solutions to retain a healthy share in this market. In addition, the Group is exploring new clients from various exhibitions and shows, especially in the audioheadphone and domestic appliance areas, which is expected to have positive contribution to the performance of the segment.
Contrary to earlier wary about the weak exchange rate of Euro affecting the performance for European sales, the turnover to the subcontinent has increased year-to-year with the Group having positive product propositions and expertise skill set. Taking a conservative approach, a moderate growth on overall performance is expected.
Internet Community Service Looking forward to 2016, the Group will focus on improving user experience, expanding product capabilities, improving service quality in the first half year, and target to expand the scope of pilot areas in the second half year, promoting services and products to most of Evergrande communities.
(I) Product Development Plan In 2016, HengTen Mimi products will continue to maintain rapid iteration and feature upgrades. HengTen Mimi APP 1.6 was released on 15 March 2016, and it is expected that the product requirement of HengTen Mimi APP 2.0 will be completed by the end of March 2016 and commence research and development.
HengTen Mimi APP 1.6 will substantially upgrade and optimize the functions and experience of 1.0, providing system support to improve business satisfaction and internal operational efficiency.
1. Fundamental Segments Since 30 December 2015, the Group has promoted smart peephole and other intelligent home security monitoring equipment in the first batch of 12 pilot communities of Evergrande, which is ahead of the urban planning construction policy announced by the State Council, in response to the security needs of the residents, and accounting for strategic advantage. The next step of property services segment is to continue to improve the quality of intelligent community management, and constantly improve basic community services, and strive to upgrade the platform to be the most convenient and the most trusted communication tool for property owners. Neighborhood social networking segment will develop interest and social groups, personalized desktop, social media sharing and other functions in order to enhance user loyalty to social platforms, incubate second hand trading, item, replacement, skill exchange segment. Life services segment plans to introduce online life services such as laundry, housekeeping, car-washing, education and training, collection of courier delivery, and other vertical categories based on the lifestyle demand and habits on basic necessities preference analysis of the community users. These approaches can increase common usage of fast payment methods on the Internet, and enhance convenience of life service for users.
2. Value-added Segments Internet home plans to integrate with industry resources, and conduct site visits taking into account customer preferences, home configuration and other requirements. A wide range of multi-functional home decoration design package service is expected to be introduced to meet the needs of property owners for high quality home life. Besides, Internet home plans to perfect the needs of online e-commerce platform function model, enrich product series, and continue to develop offline projects in the pilot communities, in order to achieve systemization, standardization, reproducibility of the Internet home O2O model with online and offline combination. It is targeted to be launched in most of Evergrande communities and other communities across the PRC following the gradual maturity of the model.

Community finance segment will introduce targeted household property insurance, including robbery and theft insurance, home improvement insurance, property damage insurance, etc., which combined with the smart peephole security equipment, strive to provide property owners with complete security services experience. Combining prepaid property management fees, community leasing and other community services, a new mode of community Internet finance of community household financial products will be developed. HengTen Mimi WeChat public account and the APP platform can become the best entry of introducing Internet finance to community. The introduction of insurance and financial products to HengTen Mimi platform for direct sales would offer an exclusive wealth management service to the property owners and customers.
3. Derivative Segments The Group will integrate e-commerce, Internet home and other resources to establish Internet housing lease and trade platform, and form real estate major business service cycle, bringing HengTen Mimi APP to become a one-stop member service platform for customers and property owners.
The Group will combine with Internet payment platform to complete online payment and information collection of all business, thereby integrating large database, completing intelligent and data-support product planning and development system, and providing users with complete, customized products services, thus enabling precise marketing.
(II) Platform Operation Plan In view of the vast blue ocean community market, a strategy of pilot first, orderly expansion and efficient advancement has been developed to realize step-by-step coverage of all Evergrande communities and other communities across the PRC. Through continuous exploration of highly-demanded property needs of community residents and neighborhood social networking model that adapts to local conditions, the loyalty of users to the platform will be improved, and all other kinds of services will be gradually launched so to realize a leaping increase in the number of users. In 2015, the Group s community O2O products have been fully launched in 12 pilot communities, providing high frequency and high quality property, social networking and life services for property owners in pilot communities. In accordance with the development scale objectives of the Group, the community O2O products service coverage will expand to most of Evergrande communities by 2016. The service will cover all Evergrande communities and will expand to other communities across the PRC, establishing its absolute leading position in the O2O market in 2017.
The Group will continue its integration and development in domestic community in the future, and will advance the blue ocean market amounting to trillions of dollars.

As disclosed in the sub-section headed Business Overview under the section headed Chairman s Statement in this report, the Group has entered into the community O2O market. The Company s O2O business includes (1) providing online collection of property management fees, facilities repair and maintenance, intelligent home security monitoring through the HengTen Mimi APP, which has been commenced recently and (2) publishing advertisement, collecting of membership registration fees, online orders, online payments, activating third party payment and other online application services, and providing platform services allowing third party vendors to set up online virtual shop, all through its PC websites or mobile Apps, which involves value-added telecommunication services such as e-commerce business (the Restricted Business ). As advised by our PRC legal counsel, any business that falls under (1) above is not subject to any foreign ownership restrictions in the PRC whereas the Restricted Business, i.e. any business that falls under (2) above, is subject to foreign ownership restrictions in the PRC. As the Company is a company incorporated in Bermuda, it is classified as a foreign enterprise under the PRC laws, rules and regulations.
On 11 December 2001, the State Council adopted the Regulations on the Administration of Foreign-invested Telecommunication Enterprises (as amended on 10 September 2008, the FITE Regulations ). Article 6 of the FITE Regulations provided that foreign ownership of foreign-invested telecommunication enterprises operating value-added telecommunication businesses cannot exceed 50%. At the same time, Article 10 of the FITE Regulations further provides that foreign investors in a foreign-invested telecommunication enterprise engaging in value-added telecommunication businesses shall have a good business record and experience in operating value-added telecommunication business (the Qualification Requirement ).
On 19 June 2015, Circular of the PRC Ministry of Industry and Information Technology on Removing the Restrictions on Shareholding Ratio Held by Foreign Investors in Online Data Processing and Transaction Processing (Operating E-commerce) Business ( Circular No. 196 ) was issued, which allows foreign ownership in enterprises operating in certain categories of e-commerce business to up to 100%, but the foreign shareholder shall still be subject to other conditions and requirement for foreign investment, including the FITE Regulations on the Qualification 
We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that after enquiring with the relevant telecommunications administration, the Company s business operations fall under the online data and transaction processing business (B21) (the Online Data and Transaction Processing Business ) and information services business (B25) (the Information Services Business ) in the second category of value-added telecommunication businesses in the Classification Catalogue of Telecommunication Services (2015 version, effective from 1 March 2016) (the 
Accordingly, our PRC legal counsel advised that currently, the Online Data and Transaction Processing Business can have foreign ownership of up to 100%. However, the foreign investor must meet the Qualification Requirement.
The Information Services Business can only have foreign ownership of up to 50% and the foreign investor must meet the Qualification Requirement.
As the WFOE s current foreign shareholders do not meet the Qualification Requirement, irrespective of which category the WFOE s business is treated to be under, there are still substantial legal impediments for the WFOE in directly applying for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits.
As a result, the Restricted Business of the Group is carried out by Shenzhen HengTen Networks Company Limited ( OPCO , m3WR0}a} gPlQS) under the Structured Contracts with Shenzhen HengTen Networks Services Company Limited ( WFOE , m3WR0}a} gR gPlQS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The Structured Contracts are detailed below under the paragraph headed The Structured Contracts .
The Company agrees that it would unwind the Structured Contracts as soon as the relevant laws and regulations allow foreign investors to own the entire equity interest of the OPCO.
We have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and regulations, including those applicable to the business of the WFOE and the OPCO.
The OPCO is 55% owned by Ms. Deng Miaojing ( Ms. Deng ) and 45% owned by Ms. Yu Siyu ( Ms. Yu , together with Ms. Deng, the OPCO Shareholders ).
For the Group, the community O2O business product are currently in the forms of the HengTen Mimi APP and the online e-commerce platform-HengTen Mimi Home. As disclosed in the sub-section headed Business Overview under the section headed Chairman s Statement in this report, the Group started developing its O2O business at the end of 2015. The Restricted Business of the Group needs to be operated by the OPCO in order to obtain registered user and traffic growth, thus acquiring core user base and platform for commencing the Group s business. Looking forward to the near future, the Group expects to grow the O2O business and accordingly, it is expected that the O2O business will become one of the principal businesses of the Group in the future. As the Restricted Business is a material component of the Group s O2O business, the performance of which is expected to become material to the overall performance of the Group in the future.
The OPCO plans to conduct its business through PC websites or mobile Apps which it owns or is authorised to operate. The business which OPCO plans to operate includes publishing advertisement information to internet users, collecting of membership registration fees, online orders, online payments, activating third party payment and other online application services, and such types of businesses relate to the Information Services Business).
Furthermore, OPCO also plans to provide platform services through its PC websites or mobile Apps allowing third party vendors of goods or services to set up online virtual shop, and such types of businesses relate to the Online Data and Transaction Processing Business.
As the Structured Contracts were entered into after 31 December 2015, no revenue or assets are subject to the Structured Contracts for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The Structured Contracts The Structured Contracts are designed to enable the Group to recognise and receive the economic benefit of the business and operations of the OPCO together with effective control over and (to the extent permitted by PRC laws, rules and regulations) the right to purchase the equity interests in andor assets of the OPCO.
(1) Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE and OPCO, among other things, WFOE agreed to provide the relevant technological support and management consultancy services, consultancy on procurement of software and hardware, staff training and support, development and marketing of various platforms, industry consultancy and product development and business partners and market information to OPCO as OPCO s exclusive service provider; and is entitled to receive service fees at a range of 90% to 100% of the total monthly operating profit of OPCO. Except as otherwise agreed, the OPCO shall not accept the same range of service provided by any third parties in the effective period of the agreement.
(2) Business Management Agreement Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE, OPCO and OPCO Shareholders, among other things, " OPCO Shareholders agreed to procure OPCO not to enter into any transaction which may materially affect its assets, business operation, human resources, right and obligations, or company management, unless with prior written consent from WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE; " OPCO and OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in relation to OPCO s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day business management, financial management, etc.; and " each of OPCO Shareholders agreed to, upon receiving any dividend or any other earnings or income from OPCO as its shareholder, immediately and unconditionally pay or transfer all such earnings or income to WFOE at nil consideration.
(3) Call Option Agreement Pursuant to the Call Option Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE, OPCO and OPCO Shareholders, OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to, as and when permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO held by OPCO Shareholders for a consideration of RMB10,000, or when appraisal is required under PRC laws, rules and regulations, 1% of the appraisal price or at the lowest price permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations.
(4) Equity Pledge Agreement Pursuant to the Equity Pledge Agreement dated 1 April 2016 between WFOE and OPCO Shareholders, OPCO Shareholders pledged the entire equity interests in OPCO to WFOE as security for the performance of the obligations under the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement and Call Option Agreement. The filing procedures of the equity pledge were completed on 15 
(5) Powers of Attorney Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney dated 1 April 2016 executed by each of OPCO Shareholders, directors of WFOE and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to, among other things, exercise all rights of OPCO Shareholders, including but not limited to the rights to vote in a shareholders meeting, appoint directors and other senior executives, sign minutes, file documents with the relevant companies registry, and sell, transfer, pledge or deal in the equity interest held by OPCO 
Pursuant to the Undertakings dated 1 April 2016 executed by Ms. Deng and Ms. Yu (being the OPCO 
" any successor to her shall hold the respective equity interest in OPCO subject to the conditions, requirements and obligations under the Undertaking and the Structured Contracts; " her respective equity interest in OPCO does not form part of the community property, and her decisions in relation to OPCO shall not be affected by her spouse; " she will neither, directly or indirectly (either on her own or through any other individual or legal entity), participate or be engaged in any business which is or may be in competition with the business of OPCO or its associated company, or acquire or hold any such business, nor carry on any activities which may lead to any conflict of interest between herself and WFOE; " in the event that she receives any asset in relation to the liquidation of OPCO, she agrees to transfer to WFOE such assets at nil consideration or at the lowest consideration as permitted by the then applicable laws and regulations; and " in the event that she receives any amount from WFOE or any third party in relation to the exercise of the call option under the Call Option Agreement, she agrees to unconditionally return all such amount to WFOE or any third party designated by WFOE.
Pursuant to the Undertaking dated 1 April 2016 executed by Mr. Li Yueqi, Ms. Deng s spouse, " the equity interest in OPCO held by Ms. Deng does not form part of the community property; and " any income arising in relation to such equity interest in OPCO shall be solely owned and disposed by Ms. Deng and he will neither claim any rights to such income, nor participate in the management of the business operation of OPCO.
As advised by our PRC legal counsel, appropriate provisions have been incorporated in the Structured Contracts to protect WFOE s interests in the event of death, bankruptcy or divorce of the OPCO Shareholders of its equity interest in OPCO to avoid any practical difficulties in enforcing the Structured Contracts. The Structured Contracts encompass certain provisions setting out that the respective contracts shall be legally binding on the legal assignees or successors of the parties thereto.
We have also implemented measures to protect against the potential conflicts of interest between the Group and the OPCO Shareholders. Pursuant to the Business Management Agreement, the OPCO and OPCO Shareholders agreed to strictly implement relevant proposals from WFOE from time to time in relation to OPCO s recruitment and dismissal of employee, day-to-day business management, financial management, etc. Under the Call Option Agreement, the OPCO Shareholders granted WFOE an unconditional, irrevocable and exclusive call option to purchase all or any part of the equity interests in OPCO as and when permitted by applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations. Furthermore, under the Powers of Attorney executed by the OPCO Shareholders, directors of WFOE and their successors were irrevocably appointed as the attorney of the OPCO Shareholders to exercise the shareholders rights in OPCO on behalf of the OPCO Shareholders. As a result, we have minimised the OPCO Shareholders influence on the business operations of OPCO.
The entering into of the Structured Contracts did not constitute any notifiable transaction required to be disclosed under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, nor any connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules as, to the best of the Directors knowledge, information and belief having made all reasonable enquiries, the OPCO Shareholders and the OPCO were not connected persons of the Company.
The risks associated with the Structured Contracts and the actions taken by the Company to mitigate the risks (where applicable) Business risks and financial risks borne by the Group as the primary beneficiary of OPCO As the primary beneficiary of OPCO, the Group is exposed to the business risks and financial risks faced by OPCO.
Any profit or loss of the OPCO will be reflected in the consolidated financial results of the Group.
The OPCO is now in the process of applying for the relevant e-commerce operation licenses and permits. If the OPCO fails to obtain the requisite licenses and approvals to operate the Restricted Business in the PRC, the Group s O2O business may be adversely affected.
The PRC government may determine that the Structured Contracts do not comply with applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations As advised by our PRC legal counsel, the Structured Contracts do not contravene the PRC laws, rules and regulations applicable to the business of the WFOE and OPCO, do not contravene the articles of association of the WFOE and OPCO respectively, and would not be deemed as concealing illegal intentions with a lawful form and void under the PRC Contract Law. The Structured Contracts are valid and enforceable against the parties to the Structured Contracts. Our PRC legal counsel also confirms that all necessary actions or steps have been taken to enable it to reach its legal conclusions.
Despite there is currently no indication that the Structured Contracts will be interfered or objected by any PRC regulatory authorities, our PRC legal counsel has advised that there is a possibility that the relevant PRC regulatory authorities may have different opinions on the interpretation of the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations and would not agree that the Structured Contracts can be performed under the applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations that may be adopted in the future, and the authorities may deny the validity, effectiveness and enforceability of the Structured Contracts.
Possible impact of the draft PRC Foreign Investment Law (the Draft Law ) and its explanation published by the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC on 19 January 2015 on the Structured Contracts and the business of the OPCO On 19 January 2015, the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC published the Draft Law. As advised by our PRC legal counsel, the Draft Law introduced the concept of actual control when determining whether a PRC domestic enterprise is in fact a foreign-invested enterprise instead of its place of incorporation. Control includes shareholding, decision making or other powers of controlling policy making, or absolutely influencing the operations, finances, human resources and technical aspects of a company through contracts or trusts. As such, there is a risk that the Structured Contracts will be subject to a change in legal position. According to the definition under the Draft Law, if the actual controller under the Structured Contracts is a foreign investor, the domestic enterprise will also be viewed as a foreign investor or a foreign enterprise, and its operations will be in breach of the law prior to obtaining the relevant permission.
Nevertheless, our PRC legal counsel advised that as there are uncertainties on the final content and interpretations of the Draft Law if and when it is adopted and becomes law, there is no assurance whether the Structured Contracts and the business of the OPCO will be materially affected or not in the future. In addition, our PRC legal counsel also believes that due to the long legislative process of the PRC, the Draft Law is unlikely to come into effect in the near future.
If the Draft Law is to be interpreted in the most stringent way and the authorities deny the validity, effectiveness and enforceability of the Structured Contracts, the Group would lose control of OPCO, be unable to consolidate the financial results of OPCO, or properly safeguard, award or control the assets of OPCO, which would result in a material adverse effect on the Group s business, financial condition and results of operations.
In order to continuously monitor the development of the Draft Law to assess the possible impact on the Structured Contracts and the business of the OPCO, the Board will monitor the updates of the Draft Law and discuss with the Company s PRC legal counsel on a regular basis. In case there would be material impact on the Group or the business of the OPCO, the Company will timely publish announcements in relation to material developments of and arising from the Draft Law.
The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing control over and entitlement to the economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership The Structured Contracts may not be as effective in providing the WFOE with control over and entitlement to the economic interests in OPCO as direct ownership. If WFOE had direct ownership of OPCO, WFOE would be able to directly exercise its rights as a holder of equity interest to effect changes in the board of directors of 
However, under the Structured Contracts, WFOE can only rely on OPCO and OPCO Shareholders performance of their contractual obligations to exercise effective control. The OPCO Shareholders may not act in the best interests of the WFOE or may not perform their obligations under the Structured Contracts. Such risks exist and the Group expects them to continue to exist throughout the period in which the Group intends to operate its business through the Structured Contracts with OPCO.
In addition, the Group has not purchased any insurance to cover risks relating to the enforcement of the Structured Contracts due to unavailability of such insurance product in the market at the moment based on the best knowledge of the Group. Therefore, the Structured Contracts may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing the Group with control over OPCO.
The exercise of the call option under the Call Option Agreement is subject to applicable laws and regulations of the PRC. There is no assurance that the call option to purchase the entire equity interests in OPCO held by the OPCO Shareholders under the Call Option Agreement will be permitted in the future, or whether such acquisition will incur any costs and expenses to the Group in addition to the consideration stipulated under the Call Option Agreement. For instance, if the consideration for the transfer of equity interest in OPCO to WFOE required by the PRC laws, rules and regulations is substantially high and the OPCO Shareholders fail to return the consideration to the WFOE or if the competent tax authority require the WFOE to pay enterprise income tax for such returned ownership transfer income with reference to the market value instead of the consideration as stipulated under the Call Option Agreement, in which case the WFOE may be subject to a substantial amount of tax, the financial conditions of the WFOE may be materially and adversely affected.
Potential conflicts of interest among the WFOE, OPCO and the OPCO Shareholders may exist OPCO and OPCO Shareholders may fail to take certain actions required for the Group s business or to follow WFOE s instructions despite their contractual obligations to do so. If they fail to perform their obligations under their respective Structured Contracts with the WFOE, the WFOE may have to rely on legal remedies under the PRC laws, including seeking specific performance or injunctive relief, which may not be effective.
Pursuant to the Exclusive Management Consultancy Service Agreement, Business Management Agreement, Call Option Agreement and Equity Pledge Agreement (the Corporate Contracts ), any disputes arising from these agreements between the parties thereto should first be resolved through negotiation, failing which by arbitration at the South China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (also known as the Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration) ( SCIETAC ) in accordance with the arbitration rules thereof (the Arbitration Clause ).
The arbitral tribunal may award remedies over the shares or land assets of OPCO, injunctive relief (such as stipulating certain conducts of business or compelling transfer of assets) or order the winding up of OPCO. Any disputes between the parties to the Powers of Attorney and the Undertakings may be referred to arbitration under the Arbitration Clause if the arbitral tribunal andor the PRC court consider that those disputes fall under the scope of the Arbitration Clause under the Structured Contracts.
The Structured Contracts also provide that pending formation of the arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, the courts of Hong Kong, the Company s place of incorporation (Bermuda), OPCO s place of establishment (the PRC), the jurisdiction where the principal assets of the Company and OPCO are located (the PRC) have the power to grant interim remedies in support of the arbitration.
However, as advised by the PRC legal counsel of the Company, according to the PRC laws, rules and regulations, the arbitral tribunal normally would not grant such kind of remedies or injunctive relief or winding up order of such PRC operational entities as the OPCO under the PRC laws, rules and regulations. For instance, the arbitral tribunal has no authority to grant such injunctive relief, nor will it be able to order the winding up of the PRC operational entities pursuant to existing PRC laws, rules and regulations. In addition, interim remedies or enforcement orders granted by overseas courts such as Hong Kong and Bermuda may not be recognizable or enforceable in 
Furthermore, as the parties to the Structured Contracts are PRC entities and the subject matters contained therein are related to the PRC, the courts of Hong Kong and Bermuda may not accept that they are the proper forum for legal proceedings concerning the disputes (not including a request for interim remedies and any other remedies in support of the arbitration) between the parties arising under the Structured Contracts.
The courts of Hong Kong may grant an interim remedies in support of arbitral proceedings commenced pursuant to the Arbitration Clause only if the arbitral proceedings are capable of giving rise to an arbitral award that may be enforced in Hong Kong and the interim remedies sought belongs to a type or description of interim remedies that may be granted in Hong Kong in relation to arbitral proceedings by Hong Kong courts. There is a risk that the courts of Hong Kong may refuse such interim remedies because an arbitral award from SCIETAC may be refused enforcement in Hong Kong because SCIETAC is currently not a recognized Mainland arbitral authority (as defined in the Hong Kong Arbitration Ordinance (Cap. 609), but SCIETAC could acquire such status when a 
Further, the court of Hong Kong may decline to grant an interim remedies on the ground that (a) the interim remedies sought is currently the subject of arbitral proceedings; and (b) the court considers it more appropriate for the interim remedies to be dealt with by the arbitral tribunal.
If any of the parties refers any dispute (not including a request for interim remedies and any other measures in support of the arbitration) arising out of the Structured Contracts to the court of Hong Kong and the dispute falls within the scope of the Arbitration Clause, the court will, if a party so requests not later than when submitting his first statement on the substance of the dispute, refer the parties to arbitration unless it finds the Arbitration Clause null, void, inoperative or incapable of being performed.
The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed The Structured Contracts may be subject to scrutiny of the PRC tax authorities and additional tax may be imposed on the WFOE. The WFOE may face adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured Contracts were not entered into based on arm s length negotiations. If the PRC tax authorities determine that the Structured Contracts were not entered into on an arm s length basis, they may adjust the income and expenses of the WFOE for PRC tax purposes, which could result in higher tax liabilities on the WFOE.
The operating and financial results of WFOE may be materially and adversely affected if the tax liabilities of OPCO or those of WFOE increase significantly or if they are required to pay interest on late payments.
Internal control measures The Company has put in place effective internal controls over WFOE and OPCO to safeguard its assets held through the Structured Contracts. As a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, WFOE is subject to all the internal control processes and procedures applicable to the Group.
The operations of OPCO are exclusively controlled by WFOE through the Structured Contracts and the Group has applied its internal control processes and procedures to OPCO.
In particular, pursuant to the Structured Contracts, WFOE has the right to appoint, and has appointed, the directors, general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management of OPCO and WFOE has the right to hire and terminate employees of OPCO.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the business development of the Group set out in this report or any of the matters set out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be realised or are complete or accurate. Shareholders andor potential investors of the Company are advised to exercise caution when dealing in the securities of the Company and not to place undue reliance on the information disclosed herein. Any holder of securities or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is advised to seek advice from professional advisors.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing support to the Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the nine months ended 31 
By order of the Board HengTen Networks Group Limited 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 