I am pleased to report the full year results of Kunlun Energy Company Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together with the Group ) to the shareholders on behalf of the Board. For the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Year ), the audited revenue of the Group amounted to HK$25,398 million and the Group s audited profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$5,609 million, representing an increase of HK$16,330 million and HK$3,183 million or 180.08% and 131.20% respectively compared with the unrestated revenue and profit attributable to owners of the Company of the corresponding period last year. International crude oil prices remained high during the Year whilst the Group developed its natural gas business as scheduled, which contributed to the Group s revenue and profit.

I. Exploration and Production For the Year, revenue of HK$6,189 million was derived from the exploration and production business, an increase of HK$1,915 million or 44.81% (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year, accounting for 24.40% of the Group s total revenue. The profit attributable to owners of the Group amounted to HK$2,672 million, representing an increase of HK$586 million or 28.09% (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year. The production of the Group s nine oil fields remained stable, with sales volume of crude oil reaching 17.06 million barrels, representing an increase of 0.68 million barrels or 4.13% compared with the corresponding period last year. Owing to the surging international crude oil price, the Group s average realised crude oil selling price was US$100.16 per barrel, representing an increase of US$28.39 or 39.56% compared with the corresponding period last year.

The Group currently has two exploration projects: Thailand block no. L2143 project is under overall block evaluation; Indonesia Bengara-II project has completed the 3-D seismic data interpretation and is currently examining the well locations for the drilling of two exploration wells. Since the contract of the project expired in November 2011, the Group is actively negotiating for the extension of the contract.

II. Natural Gas Pipeline For the Year, natural gas pipeline business has made considerable progress. The volume of natural gas transmission was 22,073 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 21,704 million cubic metres (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year. The Group has successfully completed the acquisition of 60% equity interests in PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd held by PetroChina Company Limited (the PetroChina ). Three pipelines construction projects for the natural gas transmission invested by us have commenced operation, including the Babao line (Bazhou, Hebei Baoding, Hebei), Gangma line (Dagang, Tianjin Mapengkou, Tianjin) and Mahuang line (Mapengkou, Tianjin Huanghua, Hebei). Other pipeline construction projects are under smooth progress, of which the Wuyin line (Wuhai, Inner Mongolia Yinchuan, Ningxia) will commence operation in 2012. These new natural gas transmission pipelines will effectively connect the natural gas resources with the market, which will further reinforce our leading position in the natural gas market and become one of the new growth pillars for the business of the Group.

III. LNG Terminal During the Year, Jiangsu LNG terminal (Phase 1 capacity of 3.5 million tonneannum) owned by the Group has commenced operation. Dalian LNG terminal (Phase 1 capacity of 3.0 million tonneannum) has launched trial operation and commissioning in the fourth quarter for the provision of loading, unloading, storage and re-gasification services of LNG. During the Year, Jiangsu LNG terminal unloaded 17 barges of LNG and Dalian LNG terminal unloaded 2 barges of LNG, amounting to an aggregate of 1.36 million tonnes. The operation of these two LNG terminals will contribute stable income and the source of gas supply to the Group.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 
IV. LNG Processing Plant During the year, the Group kicked off the construction of 15 LNG processing plants, of which the Bayannur LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 300,000 cubic metresday) in Inner Mongolia, the Lunnan LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 300,000 cubic metresday) in Xinjiang, the Geermu LNG processing plant (processing capacity of 350,000 cubic metresday) in Qinghai have commenced production. Currently, there are 4 LNG processing plants in operation (including the commissioned Chengmai LNG processing plant in Hainan with processing capacity of 430,000 cubic metresday), with total production capacity of 1.38 million cubic metresday. The remaining processing plants will commence production successively in the next two years, upon which the LNG processing capability of the Group will reach 20 million cubic metresday in China and become the largest domestic onshore LNG producer and supplier.

V. Sales of Natural Gas Sales volume of natural gas was 3,628 million cubic metres for the Year, representing an increase of 1,430 million cubic metres or 65.03% (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year. Revenue derived from natural gas was HK$8,116 million, an increase of HK$3,322 million or 69.29% (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year, accounting for 31.96% of the Group s total revenue. Profit before tax was HK$1,331 million, representing an increase of HK$481 million or 56.59% (unrestated) compared with the corresponding period last year. Sales and revenue of natural gas achieved rapid growth. City gas coverage extended to 9 provinces and 25 cities, whilst the sales proportion of high value-added products including CNG and LNG has increased substantially.

During the Year, the construction of natural gas distribution infrastructure has been expedited. There are 23 CNG stations under construction and 190 CNG stations in operation, 109 LNG stations under construction and 47 LNG stations in operation. Among these, one LNG gasification facility and two L-CNG stations were constructed in Lhasa, Tibet Autonomous Region, is unprecedented for the availability of natural gas in Tibet. The gradual improvement of distribution facilities will strengthen the end-users sales and market development of natural gas business.

The first priority of the Group is to develop the LNG business by implementing the Gas In Substitution Of Oil strategy, actively promoting the utilisation of LNG as fuel for urban public transport, heavy duty trucks, inland vessels and oilfield drilling rigs, which has made remarkable achievements. During the Year, we have signed cooperation agreements with the government and major transport companies in Hainan, Sichuan, Jiangsu, Hebei, Liaoning, Shandong and Hubei to jointly promote the use of LNG as fuel for public transport, long distance passenger and cargo transportation.
Meanwhile, through close cooperation with The China Classification Society and the maritime department, it is effortless to promote the demonstration and application of LNG powered vessels, and significant progress has been achieved in the Yangtze River, Beijing-Hangzhou Canal.

During the Year, the Group has established KunLun Energy (LiaoNing) Company Limited and has entered into an agreement to acquire Binhai New Energy Co., Ltd. through cooperation and joint ventures with the Branch Office of Liaohe Oilfield and Dagang Oilfield owned by the Parent Company respectively. By leveraging the leading edge of the oilfield enterprises as well as the advantages of their existing talent, technology, management, market share and regional prominence, our business layout in natural gas producing areas is further improved.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 
For the next two years, the Group s natural gas supply will continue to increase as more LNG processing plants currently under construction will be commenced. Moreover, to cope with the shortage of LNG resources in central China and the strategy of Gasifying Changjiang , we plan to construct a LNG processing plant with a capacity of 5 million cubic metres day in Hubei. To speed up the market layout of natural gas supply in Shandong, we plan to construct a LNG processing plant with a capacity of 2.6 million cubic metresday in Taian. In respect of major construction projects, the coke oven gas integrated utilisation project in Wuhai is a demonstrating project. Not only can improve the utilisation of resources, but also embodies the concept of overall environmental protection, which will generate stable income for the Group once production 
Fully capitalising on the natural gas utilisation policy under the Twelfth Five-year Plan and the imminent requirement of energy saving emission reduction by local governments, the Group will continue to adhere to the Gas In Substitution Of Oil strategy and increase its marketing efforts. PetroChina has joined hands with the Beijing Municipal Government to promote LNG public transport strategically, we will eagerly publicise LNG vehicles by taking Beijing and Shanghai as exemplary cities.
Moreover, we will take on the strategic cooperation agreement entered into by PetroChina and China Changjiang National Shipping (Group) Corporation in respect of the Gasifying Changjiang as a breakthrough point focusing on the development of LNG vessels.

Recognising that the most challenging task at present is to develop the LNG vehicle and vessel markets, the Group has set the goal of promoting the use of LNG by 35,000 vehicles for 2012. We will adopt effective measures to achieve this goal. We are confident to hold a pioneering position in the Gas in Substitution of Oil development for our LNG business in China in the 
The Group will further leverage the overall advantages of PetroChina and continue its extensive cooperation with the oilfield enterprises owned by PetroChina through equity acquisitions, joint ventures and cooperation, and actively seek investment opportunities that are in line with the development strategy of our natural gas distribution business in China, developing the scale and efficiency of the natural gas business, so as to provide satisfactory returns to shareholders while making contributions to the energy restructuring, energy savings and emission reduction in China.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK22.0 cents per share (2010: HK13.8 cents per share) to Shareholders whose names appear on the Shareholders Register on 24 May 2012 (Thursday). The payment will be made in June 2012. The proposed final dividend amounts to a total of approximately HK$1,590 million and 2010 dividend of HK$684 million was paid in 2011, which represents a payout ratio of approximately 28.05 per cent (2010: 28.15 per cent).

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2011 
CLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER For the purposes of determining Shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2012 AGM, and entitlement to the final dividend, the Shareholders Register will be closed. Details of such closures are set out below: 
(i) For determining eligibility to attend and vote at the 2012 AGM: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration 4:00 pm on 11 May 2012 (Friday) Closure of shareholders register from 14 May 2012 (Monday) to 16 May 2012 (Wednesday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 16 May 2012 (Wednesday) 
(ii) For determining entitlement to the final dividend: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents for registration 4:00 pm on 21 May 2012 (Monday) Closure of shareholders register from 22 May 2012 (Tuesday) to 24 May 2012 (Thursday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 24 May 2012 (Thursday) 
During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2012 AGM, and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at Level 26 Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.

ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The 2012 AGM will be held on 16 May 2012 (Wednesday). The Notice of the 2012 AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, will be sent together with the 2011 Annual Report. The Notice of the 2012 AGM and the proxy form will also be available on the Company s website.

By order of the Board 
