CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the results of HengTen Networks Group Limited (the “Company” or “HengTen Networks”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2016.
BUSINESS REVIEW
Internet Community Services
During the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group conducted its internet community services business in
communities across China, and turnover of approximately HK$37.2 million was recorded for such segment, including
revenue from internet home sector of approximately HK$31.0 million, revenue from community resource sector
of approximately HK$2.9 million, and revenue from community finance sector of approximately HK$3.3 million.
Cost of internet community services business represented mainly labour costs and depreciation. Gross profit margin
of such segment was approximately 53.0%. After deducting distribution cost, administrative expense and other
expense of approximately HK$13.7 million, and adding income from usage and maintenance services for network
equipment of approximately HK$2.3 million, the segment recorded profit of approximately HK$8.3 million.
(I) Market Overview
As Li Keqiang, Premier of the State Council, pointed out when reporting on the government work for
2017, the year 2016 was a year of further promotion of the “Internet +” Action and China’s big data
strategy. With the implementation of the “Internet +” Action, the role of the internet in supporting public
entrepreneurship and widespread innovation has been further enhanced, and the internet industry has
become a new advantage and new driving force for economic and social development. As for the community,
it was reflected in the rapid development of community O2O industry.
According to an Enfodesk report, in 2016 the overall size of the PRC community O2O reached RMB255.97
billion, an increase of 52.9% over last year. It is expected that by 2018 the size of the PRC O2O market
will be close to RMB500 billion and maintain a high growth rate. This means that the future of China’s
community O2O has the potential to be a trillion-level blue ocean market.
Under this market environment, the Group recorded fast and steady growth in 2016.
As an integrated internet community services and resources operator jointly controlled by China Evergrande
Group (“China Evergrande”) (HK.3333) and Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”) (HK.0700), the Group
aims to adopt the platform operation model of light assets. In light of the needs of property owners, the
Group will continue to introduce resources of the best service provider in various industries to provide
property owners with one-stop intelligent life experience covering clothing, food, accommodation,
transportation and entertainment, so as to lower their living cost and improve service efficiency.
Each of the two substantial shareholders of HengTen Networks has huge influence in their respective
industries. In 2016, China Evergrande was ranked among Top 500 in the world and became the largest
property developer in the world, owning over 600 property projects across China. At the same time,
Tencent, an internet giant, recorded continuous growth of user number. By the third quarter of 2016, the
total number of monthly active accounts of QQ, Weixin and WeChat of Tencent reached 1,723 million.
Leveraging the community size and property management advantages of China Evergrande and technical
support from Tencent, the Group continued to expand and diversify the functions of its products to explore
a broader space for development, by relying on three fundamental sectors being property services,
neighbourhood social networking and life services, two value-added sectors being Internet home and
community finance, and multi-function service sector which might be derived in the future.
2016 was a crucial year for the internet community services business development of HengTen Networks.
During the year, the Group’s various internet community services business became larger in size and finer
in quality. At the same time as further developing its community business, its business model also became
more mature, paving the way for the next community expansion.
(II) Business Development
The integrated community O2O platform developed by the Group – the HengTen Mimi App, carries out
business in three fundamental sectors, being property services, neighbourhood social networking and life
services, and is also connected to community finance business. The internet home business also picked up
a very strong momentum and has covered more than 100 communities. A thriving ecosphere with full
participation by property owners, property managers and suppliers has been established. In view of this,
the Board is of view that the innovative “Internet +” community ecosphere developed by the Group has
become increasingly mature.
1. Fundamental Sectors
Currently the fundamental sectors have been built and continued to be optimized and upgraded. In
2016, the Group focused on both products and services. On one hand, it continued to diversify the
functions of its products to maximize resource allocation; on the other hand, it focused on improving
customer experience and service quality by concentrating on scene experience and interaction. As a
result, open community O2O ecosphere has been developed filled with sharing. The demand for
better quality in consumption areas such as basic necessities of life and entertainment of modern
people have driven the services provided by the relevant industries to become more intelligent, more
efficient and with higher quality. At the end of 2016, 14 upgrades were completed for HengTen
Mimi App. The number of functions in the latest version 2.9.85 was increased to 53, and the
development of its main functions has been basically completed, with a comprehensive coverage of
clothing, food, accommodation, transportation, entertainment, finance and other fields.
At the same time, the Group continued to develop business and conducted pilot runs in a total of
12 communities in the first batch of pilot cities including Guangzhou, Shenyang, Shijiazhuang, Jinan,
Luoyang, Wuhan, Changsha, Nanchang and Chengdu, pushing the upgrading and optimisation of
the HengTen Mimi platform to meet the needs of the market. The Group has accumulated valuable
experience for its nationwide strategic planning in the future.
As at the end of 2016, the HengTen Mimi App had a total of nearly 260,000 registered users, with
pilot community property owner authentication ratio of 93.8%, monthly activity ratio of 41%, and
App function usage coverage ratio of 98%.
Property Services
The establishment of a smart community is a shared vision of the Group and property owners.
Starting with putting in place hardware and software and leveraging online and off-line
interaction, the Group aims to provide property owners with intelligent scenario solutions so
as to achieve a digital, networked, intelligent, interactive and coordinated community life for
property owners and make their community life smarter, happier, safer and more harmonious.
The Group always strives to understand the real needs of property owners and provide them
with more intelligent property services. Currently the property-related services of HengTen
Mimi include services such as online payment of property management fees, reporting for
repair and community broadcasting. In particular, the reporting function covers three types
of services including home decoration repair and reporting, public area repair reporting and
voices of property owners, and the completion rate for repair reporting orders reached 90.9%.
HengTen Mimi connects online and off-line property services to fully meet the needs of property
owners for their daily highly-demanded property services and improve the efficiency and quality
of property services.
In addition, the Group developed all-round intelligent communities by introducing intelligent
access control and intelligent parking system at pilot communities, which enable property
owners to unlock access to communities and use the parking lot with mobile phones through
combining internet technologies with smart control. The frequency of usage of these two
functions of the HengTen Mimi App has been gradually growing. For instance, the authenticated
user usage ratio of the intelligent access control system reached 40% and the authenticated
user usage ratio of intelligent parking reached 44% just two months after they were launched,
which has significantly improved the App usage ratio and its overall activity. At the same time
as creating an intelligent life for property owners, it has also successfully strengthened users’
trust in platform services, laying a solid foundation for the introduction of additional valueadded
services in the future.
(2) Neighbourhood Social Networking
The operation of the neighbourhood social networking has basically become mature. The Mimi
Social Circle function of the HengTen Mimi App aims to guide users in participating in social
activities and sharing their life, by way of leveraging existing community relationship, a series
of online and off-line activities and functions such as photo wall, voting, occupation certification
and treasure hunt competition, using such to tap into community life, develop user habits
and develop interest groups. This not only has helped the establishment of a harmonious and
healthy neighbourhood and community, but also has accumulated a large number of active
users for the Group, paving the way for the development of community sharing economy
model.
The newly introduced Neighbourhood Market function encourages property owners to realize
recycling of idle items against a social backdrop. Through branding upgrade, safety upgrade
and service upgrade, it strives to establish a platform for exchange of idle items between
property owners, which not only meets the mainstream of sharing economy, but also helps
property owners to realize light asset life and an environmental-friendly new lifestyle by
upgrading the experience of idle item exchange.
Life Services
The life services sector is built upon the living and consumption scenes of property owners.
It introduced a number of high-quality service providers to provide services for the convenience
of users such as home cleaning, door-to-door laundry, housekeepers and nannies, smart delivery
cabinet, mobile phone account recharging and traffic violation enquiries. It continued to
expand the product offering of electronic goods on its platform in order to provide property
owners with products with higher cost performance, more diversified features and better
after-sales services.
The Group adheres to its open platform strategy with the internet concept of mutual benefits
and win-win. Through cooperation with leading e-commerce platforms in the PRC, the HengTen
Mimi App has a shopping mall channel supplying customised products covering more than
10 categories including cosmetics, food and beverage, daily necessities, mobile phones and
digital products, and maternal and baby products, which can effectively meet all kinds of
needs of property owners at multiple levels. Further, HengTen Mimi joined hands with wellknown
tourism business platforms to provide products and services such as air tickets, train
tickets, international and domestic tourism services, hotel accommodations and attractions
tickets, and cooperated with car-hailing platforms to provide car services.
In addition to the cooperation with renowned enterprises, the Group also continued to enhance
its cooperation with high-quality merchants around the communities and developed the
Community Business Circle function, which provides property owners with additional online
choices for discounts and enables them to effectively reduce the cost of living and improve
the quality of life.
2. Value-added Sectors
(1) Internet Home
In 2016, the Group was committed to developing “one-stop” internet home services and such
business sector recorded a revenue of HK$31 million. The Group has finished the third upgrade
of business model and development of supporting system for such business and provides a
variety of packages and products to meet the diversified and multi-level needs of property
owners for home services.
The Group adopted a model of “online exhibition at shopping mall platform, and off-line
experience at sample rooms of property projects” and conducted demonstrations online through
PCs and Weixin and exhibitions off-line through decorated sample rooms built at property
projects. Users can place orders through the online platform with just one click. During the
year, the online platform of internet home business experienced many upgrades, and home
services were fully improved with customised experience through online and off-line interactions.
For instance, the Group offers “new properties with move-in condition” to over 100 communities
in most provinces and cities in the PRC, which were widely welcomed by property owners.
In addition, the “new properties with move-in condition” design project packages and services
for tourism resorts and apartment communities were also under development.
The Group has also set up a “home alliance” with leading home appliance branded suppliers
and well-known e-commerce platforms in the PRC, and provided training to their national
distributors and helped them to establish local sales, logistics and after-sales networks. By
effectively supplementing online services with local services, product quality is expected to be
ensured, and service quality and customer satisfaction are expected to be improved.
(2) Community Finance
By incorporating community finance services into life scenarios to meet the real needs of
community residents, the Group will realize the effective combination of finance services with
non-finance services. In 2016, the Group launched “Ye Zhu Bao”, one of its “Enjoy Life”
wealth management product series. The product recorded a total sales of HK$90 million in
face value for just two tranches of online offering. The launch of the product shows strong
innovations. It not only provided property owners with high-quality community finance products
and recorded strong performance, but also helped property management companies to raise
the pre-payment and payment ratio of property management fees.
The Group conducted one-stop consolidation of its community scenes on a horizontal basis
and strived to expand the life cycle of community finance products on a vertical basis, in an
effort to cover the different needs of property owners. By making full use of its advantages
in online platforms and off-line channels, the Group partnered with well-known banks to
provide internet lending business. Featured by low thresholds for application and fast approval
process, such business provides users with convenient “one-stop” lending services, which has
been highly recognised by users and enriched the diversity of financial service scenes.
3. Derivative Sectors
Second-hand Properties Business
The General Office of the State Council issued Certain Opinions on Accelerating the Development
of the Residential Property Lease Market in June 2016 to promote the development of the residential
property lease market. By following national policies and fully leveraging its existing various highquality
services and the trust of property owners, the Group launched the business pilot for lease
and sale of second-hand properties in September 2016 in order to explore a business model of lease
and sale of second-hand properties which possesses its own characteristics and effectively meets
market needs.
Currently the new semi-managed model of lease and sale of second-hand properties has become
increasingly concise. At pilot communities, property owners have entrusted their properties to HengTen
Networks to act as their agent, and HengTen Networks has obtained most of the property resources
at the pilot communities.
With regard to the proceeds from the issue of shares by the Company in October 2015, as at 31 December 2016,
approximately HK$100 million of which had been utilised in accordance with the uses set out in the announcement
of the Company dated 23 September 2016. For the following reasons, (1) in respect of research and development,
in order to maintain the innovativeness and reliability of the internet community service platform independently
developed by the Company, the Company has been making investment in research and development gradually in
accordance with the actual progress; (2) in respect of implementation, as the marketing of the platform requires
a long period of planning, it is still at the planning stage and no expense has been incurred; and (3) in respect
of acquisitions of and investments in selected service providers, the Company is still identifying suitable target
companies, there is a delay in the implementation of business plan. In respect of a certain portion of the unutilised
proceeds, in order to preserve the capital, and having considered that funds should not be staying idle during
the delay period and the interests of all shareholders, the Company does not rule out the possibility of utilising
such funds to purchase certain combination of investment-grade bonds issued by government or corporations
with stable returns, relatively low risk and high liquidity in the secondary market in order to earn interest income.
Further announcement(s) will be made by the Company in respect of the purchase of bonds as and when
appropriate or in accordance with the requirements of the Listing Rules.
Manufacture and sales of accessories
The segment’s turnover decreased from approximately HK$101.0 million for the nine months ended 31 December
2015 to approximately HK$92.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2016, representing a decrease of
approximately 8.6%. It was mainly due to a decrease in demand in photographic market and absence of the
repeated significant order from a new customer acquired during the nine months ended 31 December 2015.
Due to absence of relatively low margin of the above-mentioned significant order from a new customer, the gross
profit margin of the segment increased from approximately 26.8% for the nine months ended 31 December 2015
to 36.9% for the year ended 31 December 2016. With the decrease in selling and marketing costs and the
reversal of the provision, the segment maintained a profit of approximately HK$2.0 million for the year ended
31 December 2016 as compared with a profit of approximately HK$2.1 million for the nine months ended 31
December 2015.
Investments
The segment turned loss of approximately HK$23.6 million for the nine months ended 31 December 2015 to a
profit of approximately HK$4.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2016. The profit for the year ended 31
December 2016 was mainly attributable to a net unrealised gain from fair value change in held-for-trading
investments in securities of approximately HK$1.2 million and dividend income generated from held-for-trading
investments in securities and available-for-sale financial assets of approximately HK$2.9 million and HK$0.07
million, respectively.
Details of significant investment in the shares of other listed companies held by the Group as at 31 December
2016 are as follows:
Loan financing
During the year ended 31 December 2016, no new loan was granted and therefore no interest income was
generated for this segment (nine months ended 31 December 2015: nil).
Property investment
During the year ended 31 December 2016, rental income of approximately HK$0.8 million was generated.
With the decrease in fair value of investment properties as at 31 December 2016 as compared to 31 December
2015, a fair value loss of approximately HK$1.6 million was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2016.
The decrease in fair value was mainly due to the decrease in the market price of the investment properties.
PROSPECTS
Internet Community Services
Building on its extensive product features the development of which have been basically completed, the Group
will further explore value-added services to optimise its business model in 2017. It will further improve community
scenes and continue to innovate. It will also expand the scope of pilot programs and increase their scale in the
future.
(I) Product Development Plan
In 2017, the Group will continue to improve the community service functions of HengTen Mimi and further
carry out property, e-commerce and finance business in order to improve the profitability of the platform.
For internet home, the Group will further enhance its business model of “new properties with move-in
condition” for existing property owners, and complete the upgrade of the platform to comprehensively
improve the online and off-line shopping experience for property owners.
1. Fundamental Sectors
As pointed out in the government work report for 2017, the government will “promote accelerated
application of big data, cloud computing, and the Internet of Things, and facilitate the reform of
the production, management and marketing models of traditional industries with new technologies,
new business forms and new models”. The development of an intelligent community is strongly in
line with this policy.
The Group will continue to promote the pilot development of intelligent community, enhance intelligent
management of communities, improve the connection between basic community services and intelligent
services, and continue to boost the satisfaction of property owners, in order to develop HengTen
Mimi into a tool providing property owners with high-quality property services and a life service tool
most trusted by property owners.
In addition, the Group will conduct in-depth analysis of the daily needs and habits and preferences
of property owners for basic necessities, and will carefully select high-quality service providers and
continue to introduce high-quality services in areas such as health, education and medical services,
in order to realise full service coverage for users and improve the convenience of property owners
and customer loyalty to the platform.
2. Value-added Sectors
(1) Internet Home
In 2017, the Group will conduct in-depth exploration of property owners’ needs of home
products, rigorously select products and brands and gradually launch supplementary products
such as home decorations, small furniture for storage and high-quality customized products
on its internet home platform, so that all kinds of home products can be bought online
“one-stop” at its platform to realise an upgrade of the depth and scope of services.
In addition, the Group will also further develop engineering projects of “new properties with
move-in condition”, and organize with national top design teams to develop diversified
engineering projects of “new properties with move-in condition” such as elderly care, SOHO
office, variable space and resort apartments, in order to realise the application of standardized
projects for special requests.
(2) Community Finance
In addition to the continuous marketing of “Ye Zhu Bao” product series of “Enjoy Life” and
internet lending which have been launched already, it will also develop diversified finance
products integrated with community scenes and focus on the development of wealth
management, community lending and safe wealth management products for the public and
other products which are specially for property owners.
Moreover, by integrating other aspects such as e-commerce and life services, the Group will
develop more high-quality wealth management products targeting property owners.
3. Derivative Sectors
Second-hand Properties Business
On the basis of the defined model of lease and sale of second-hand properties, the Group will
expand the scale of pilot communities and further promote the services for lease and sale of secondhand
properties.
The Group plans to cooperate with well-known third-party platform or agent to consolidate both
sides’ resources and promote the expansion of its business of lease and sale of second-hand properties.
It will also develop the function of lease and sale of second-hand properties for the HengTen Mimi
App so that such business can be developed further.
In the future, the Group will integrate more resources into the business of lease and sale of secondhand
properties, improve the supporting services for property lease, so as to let lessees and property
owners enjoy more value-added services and re-define high-quality leasing life.
In addition, the Group plans to explore the second-hand property renovation business model, which
is scheduled to commence its pilot testing in the first half of 2017, to provide property owners with
high-quality internet home decoration services.
(II) Platform Operation Plan
In view of the vast blue ocean community market, the Group will continue to adopt the strategy of pilot
first, orderly expansion and efficient advancement to realise step-by-step coverage of all China Evergrande
communities and other communities across the PRC based on the degree of maturity of various business
development.
The Group plans to quickly expand the coverage of China Evergrande communities and expand into other
communities in the PRC in order to establish its absolute leading position in the community O2O market
in 2017. In 2018, the Group will continue its integration and development in communities in the PRC,
further expand community O2O service functions and value-added services, and further expand into the
blue ocean market expected to worth trillions of dollars.
Manufacturing and sales of accessories
The Group expects that its manufacture and sales of photographic accessories will encounter sluggish market
demand attributable to weakening Euro dollars which may reduce the demand of European markets, the biggest
markets which accounted to approximately 49.2% of the turnover in this business segment, and keen competition
from its competitors. In this regard, the Group will continuously control its costs, strengthen customer relationship,
broaden customer base, develop products to suit customer needs in action camera, monitor its level of indebtedness
and funding requirements. Overall speaking, the Group expects the performance of this segment to remain stable
in the year ahead but the gross profit margin to decrease due to a fierce business environment. Moreover, the
Group will closely monitor and capture any opportunity to improve this segment’s position, both financially and
operationally.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS
There can be no assurance that any forward-looking statements regarding the business development of the Group
set out in this annual report or any of the matters set out therein are attainable, will actually occur or will be
realised or are complete or accurate. Shareholders and/or potential investors of the Company are advised to
exercise caution when dealing in the securities of the Company and not to place undue reliance on the information
disclosed herein. Any holder of securities or potential investor of the Company who is in doubt is advised to seek
advice from professional advisors.
APPRECIATION
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investors and business parties for their continuing
support to the Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the year ended 31 December
2016.
By order of the Board
HengTen Networks Group Limited
Zhang Xiaohua
Chairlady
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017