CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE yEAR IN REvIEW During the year under review and particularly in the second half, the global economy has been experiencing its worst crisis in recent decades. The financial tsunami originated from the subprime mortgage crisis in the United States caused turbulences of an unprecedented scale throughout financial markets worldwide and eventually fed through into a sharp downturn in the general global economy. Inevitably we were hit hard. However, thanks to the conservative approach we take in financing our activities as well as our previous efforts in strengthening the Company s capital base, which include a HK$138 million rights issue in the first half of the year, the Group has been able to weather the storm without running into any significant financial or operational difficulties. At the end of the year and despite two successive years of losses, the Group remained in a sound financial position with strong liquidity and no gearing.

In recent months, concerted efforts by central banks and governments especially from G7 countries to stabilise the financial markets and to stimulate the general economy appear to have curtailed the downward spiral that was experienced earlier in the year. Major stock markets around the world have registered certain degree of rebound as we entered the second quarter of 2009. However, it remains premature to conclude that the world economy and the securities market have already commenced a recovery, particularly with the added uncertainty associated with the recent outbreak of the influenza A (H1N1).
Recognising the challenging economic environment surrounding us, the Group is adopting a cautious approach in conducting its business and is exercising strict control over operating costs. At the same time the Group remains committed to its diversification strategy aiming to invest in suitable projects, particularly natural resources investment opportunities in the People s Republic of China, to broaden the Group s long term sustainable income base. Subsequent to the financial year end, the Group has made its first move in natural resources investment through the acquisition of certain interests in forestry lands in the Yunnan Province. The acquisition was financed by convertibles bonds of the Company, part of which were subsequently converted into 200 million new shares issued by the Company which further enlarged our capital base.

We wish to thank our shareholders, business partners and staff for their on-going support and commitment; as well as our former Board members for their valuable contributions past and present.
On behalf of the Board Peter Temple Whitelam 
Hong Kong, 28 July 2009 