I would like to report to the shareholders on behalf of the Board that, for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year ), the revenue of the Group amounted to HK$9,068 million, representing an increase of 47.11% compared with that of the corresponding period last year. The Group s audited profit attributable to owners of the Company for the Year was HK$2,426 million, representing an increase of HK$1,192 million or 96.60% compared with HK$1,234 million (restated) for the corresponding period last year.

Exploration and Production Business The Group currently has nine oil fields located in seven countries and two of them are exploration projects.

For the Year, sales volume of crude oil of the Group was 16.38 million barrels, representing an increase of 0.18 million barrels or 1.12% compared with 16.20 million barrels for the corresponding period last year. Revenue of HK$4,274 million was realised, an increase of HK$1,123 million or 35.64% compared with HK$3,151 million for the corresponding period last year. The exploration and production business contributed HK$2,140 million to the Group s profit attributable to owners for the Year, representing an increase of HK$1,059 million or 97.96% compared with HK$1,081 million for the corresponding period last year. The significant increase in both revenue and profit in the exploration and production business was primarily due to (1) the surging oil price, which reached US$71.77 per barrel, an increase of 41.58% compared with US$50.69 for the corresponding period last year; (2) the profit attributable to the Group from CNPC-Aktobemunaigas Joint Stock Company ( Aktobe ) in Kazakhstan of HK$963 million, an increase of HK$819 million or 568.75% compared with HK$144 million last year. Currently, revenue from the exploration and production business accounted for 47.13% of the Group s total revenue, and its profit contribution accounted for 88.21% of the Group s profit attributable to owners for the Year. This is an increase of 35.62% and 97.99% respectively compared with the previous year. The exploration and production business so far continued to be the Group s major source of profit and cash flow.

Natural Gas Business The Group s sales volume of natural gas was 2,198 million cubic metres for the Year, representing an increase of 522 million cubic metres or 31.15% compared with 1,676 million cubic metres (restated) for the corresponding period last year. The volume of natural gas transmission was 369 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 121 million cubic metres or 48.88% compared with 248 million cubic metres for the corresponding period last year. Revenue was HK$4,794 million, an increase of HK$1,781 million or 59.11% compared with HK$3,013 million (restated) for the corresponding period last year.
The natural gas business contributed HK$372 million to the Group s profit attributable to owners for the Year, increasing by HK$128 million or 52.46% compared with HK$244 million (restated) for the corresponding period last year.

Revenue from the natural gas business accounted for 52.87% of the Group s total revenue, it being the first time surpassing the exploration and production business, and its profit contribution accounted for 15.30% of the Group s profit attributable to owners for the Year, representing an increase of 59.12% and 52.19%, respectively compared with the corresponding period of last year. The rapid increase in revenue and profit has provided a solid foundation for the development of the natural gas business of the Company.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2010 
As of the date of this report, the Group has been establishing eight subsidiaries with controlling interests through equity acquisition, joint ventures and cooperation, etc. These include two LNG terminals: PetroChina LNG Jiangsu Company Ltd ( Jiangsu LNG Terminal ) and PetroChina Dalian LNG Company Ltd ( Dalian LNG Terminal ); one natural gas pipeline company: PetroChina Tianjin Natural Gas Pipeline Company Limited; five regional natural gas distribution companies: Kunlun Energy (Qinghai) Company Limited, Kunlun Energy (Shangdong) Company Limited, Sichuan Chuangang Gas Limited Company, Cangzhou Gas Limited Company PetroChina and Kunlun Energy (Liaoning) Company Limited.

In particular, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with PetroChina in December 2010 in respect of the acquisition of 60% equity interests in PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd ( Beijing Gas Pipeline ) for a consideration of RMB18,871 million. Beijing Gas Pipeline owns long transmission pipelines of 2,871 km with an annual transmission capacity of approximately 35 billion cubic metres. This is an important step of the Group in acquiring strategic assets of natural gas.

Through the above actions, the Company bettered the business layout in major natural gas producing areas and key markets throughout the country, acquired some strategic assets related to the utilisation of natural gas, and provided resources guarantee for the development of the gas in substitution of oil business.

Along with the growth of its exploration and production businesses and rapid development of the natural gas businesses over the past two years, the Group s natural gas businesses have reached a relatively large scale and are becoming the major growing businesses of the Company in the future. The Group s business will be composed of four major business sectors, namely exploration and production, natural gas pipeline, liquefied natural gas ( LNG ) storage and processing and natural gas 
1 Exploration and Production Looking ahead to 2011, the Group will grasp the opportunities brought about by high international oil price to enhance the exploration levels of oil and gas fields, continue the steady production of mature oilfields, strengthen its control of cost as well as refine its management so as to generate greater revenue to the Group.

2 Natural Gas Pipeline Following the establishment of PetroChina Tianjin Natural Gas Pipeline Company Limited in 2010, and acquisition of Beijing Gas Pipeline in 2011, the Group has now been increasing investments of construction of natural gas backbone and sub-line networks. The natural gas pipeline business will become one of the major businesses of the Group in the future and will contribute to the Group with steady cash flow. It can also facilitate the development of end-user markets and the Group will actively identify more investment opportunities in natural gas pipeline network.

3 LNG Processing and Storage The Jiangsu LNG Terminal and Dalian LNG Terminal under the Group will officially commence production this year.
The Bayannur LNG processing plant in Inner Mongolia successfully commenced operation in March 2011, and other LNG processing plants under construction will also commence operation from 2011 to 2012. The Company will form a resources guarantee system through the LNG terminals, storage and LNG processing plants, which will provide stable resources supply for the gas in substitution of oil business.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2010 
4 Natural Gas Sales The Group will continue to focus on the natural gas end-users sale and integrated utilisation businesses. While continuing our steady development in compressed natural gas and city gas, etc, the Group s first priority is to develop the LNG business by implementing the gas in substitution of oil strategy. To further expand into the LNG utilisation business, the Group will actively promote the utilisation of LNG as the fuel for vessels in 2011 based on the successful application of LNG as the fuel for heavy duty trucks, public transport vehicles and drilling rigs. To further develop the LNG utilisation market, the Group will actively deliver LNG by railways and river transportation, plan the construction of LNG refilling station for vessels and strive to establish a LNG supply network in key regions.

The trends of Low-carbon Economy and Green Development have provided vast development opportunities for the natural gas business. As a substitute of petroleum and diesel oil, LNG will surely win its market share by its low-emission feature and price advantages. The Group will put more effort in achieving this.

By order of the Board 
