CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
For the year ended 31st March, 2003, the Group achieved a turnover of approximately HK$186.7 million, representing an increase of 12.2% when compared with the previous year.
Profit from ordinary activities before taxation and profit attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately HK$21.5 million and approximately HK$10.9 million respectively (2002: HK$14.9 million and HK$13.4 million). Such increase in profit from ordinary activities before taxation is in line with the turnover growth. Decrease in profit attributable to shareholders was resulted from the accounting for potential additional tax liabilities as set out in the Taxation Note to the Consolidated Income 
The directors do not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31st March, 2003 (2002: HK 1 cent) 
For the financial year under review, the global economy continued to be stagnant, the market sentiment remained weak, and the customers ordering had still been cautious. Despite all these adverse conditions, the Group was able to achieve a sale growth of 12.2% from last year. Price and production order competition became intensively fiercer and prominent in the marketplace but the management was managed to introduce increasingly tighter cost control measures and to boost up higher productivity of all manufacturing bases. Reacted by the management s working in a down-to-the-earth manner, striving proactively and providing the best services and products to the customers, the Group had been able to safeguard the gross profit margin and to reduce the administrative cost by 3.4% when compared with the last financial year.

Despite the challenges facing ahead, the Group has always been seizing this time opportunity to broaden it marketing network in the huge Europe market while smaller competitors have disappeared due to problem of ill-liquidity or insufficient production orders. With our committed management team, we are confident to maintain our leading position in the industry of sale of accessories of photographic products.
While the management expects the property market in Hong Kong will remain stagnant, in contrast with the booming property market in the PRC. The Group s management will continue to diversify more resources in enhancing the quality of the PRC property portfolio so as to maximize the returns to the shareholders in the long run.

We wish to thank our shareholders, customers, suppliers and staffs for on-going support and for sharing the Company s confidence and commitment.
Mascotte Holdings Limited Annual Report 2003 