The board of directors (the Board ) of Kunlun Energy Company Limited (the Company ) hereby report the annual result for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ) of the Company and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) to the shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ). During the Year, due to the significant decline of the international price of crude oil, the impairment in relation to the oil and gas properties, and the reform on exchange rate system in Kazakhstan, the exploration and production business incurred a loss which has dragged down the overall performance. Faced by the complex and tough economic situation, the Group held on tight to the development tune of improvement in steadiness and seriously implemented every measure to lower the cost and increase efficiency, actively promoted the adjustment of business structure and optimised the coordination in operation to control the overall operation. The Group s sales revenue was HK$41,641 million, representing a decrease of HK$6,403 million or 13.33% as compared with last year. The profit attributable to the owners of the Company was HK$137 million, representing a decrease of HK$5,473 million or 97.56%.

During the Year, the Group entered into an acquisition agreement with PetroChina Company Limited ( PetroChina ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase the entire equity interest in PetroChina Kunlun Gas Co., Ltd. ( Kunlun Gas ) owned by PetroChina for a consideration of approximately RMB14,827 million. The acquisition will help the Group become the only subsidiary of PetroChina engaging in investing, financing and operating natural gas distribution and comprehensive utilisation business and avoid the horizontal competition between the Company and PetroChina. It will also improve the Group s business structure, generate synergies among businesses, and enhance operational efficiency and competitiveness. The transaction has been approved at the Company s special general meeting and is expected to be completed in the first half of 2016 after obtaining approvals from the relevant government departments.

During the Year, the Group issued its senior notes in the total nominal amount of US$1 billion after it obtained, for the first time, an A+, A1 and A rating from Standard & Poor s, Moody s and Fitch respectively. To the Group, this issuance of bonds not only effectively optimised its debt financing and capital structure, but also successfully broadened its financing channels and investor s scope.

I. Exploration and Production For the Year, the sales volume of crude oil in the Exploration and Production business was 16.75 million barrels, representing a decrease of 0.13 million barrels or 0.77% compared with last year. Revenue amounted to HK$2,579 million, representing a decrease of HK$2,757 million or 51.67% as compared to last year. Loss before income tax expense was HK$3,879 million, representing a decrease in profit of HK$6,181 million or 268.51% compared to last year.
The decrease in revenue and profit before income tax expense was mainly due to the Group s average realised crude oil selling price was only US$43.01 per barrel for the Year, representing a substantial decrease of US$41.46 or 49.08% compared with US$84.47 per barrel for last year. It was also due to the share of exchange loss attributable to the owner of the Company of HK$1,881 million caused by the continuous depreciation of Tenge against US dollars under the floating exchange rate system adopted by the central bank of Kazakhstan. It was also attributable to the aggregate impairment for the two oil operations in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) which amounted to approximately HK$1,679 million due to the decline of oil price.

During the Year, the Group encountered a sharp drop in oil prices, gradual decline in oil field production volume, increase in exploration cost and other adverse impacts. The Group adopted a scientific approach in running oil and gas production so as to keep the overall production volume stable; meanwhile, it efficiently deployed its workforce and strengthened the control over investment and costs resulting in a reduction of unit operating cost.

4 KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2015 
II. Natural Gas Pipeline During the Year, the transmission volume of Natural Gas Pipeline business was 33,978 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 3,285 million cubic metres or 10.70% as compared with last year. Revenue for the Year was HK$14,043 million, representing an increase of HK$1,352 million or 10.65% as compared to last year. Profit before income tax expense was HK$9,380 million, representing an increase of HK$1,239 million or 15.22% as compared to last 
During the Year, the transmission volume of PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd. under the Group was 32,933 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 9.92% as compared with last year. Its Yongqing-Dagang transmission pipeline No. 3 (Bazhou distribution station to Dagang terminal station) successfully began operation, which further improved the Group s natural gas pipeline network in Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei regions, enhanced the safety of gas transmission pipeline network and increased the gas transmission capacity of the Group in those regions.

III. LNG Terminal During the Year, gasification volume of natural gas of Jiangsu LNG Terminal and Dalian LNG Terminal under the Group amounted to 3,968 million cubic metres, representing a decrease of 1,213 million cubic metres or 23.42% as compared to last year. Revenue for the Year amounted to HK$1,490 million, representing a decrease of HK$504 million or 25.28% as compared to last year. Profit before income tax expense was HK$404 million, representing a decrease of HK$402 million or 49.88% as compared to last year. The decrease in both revenue and profit was due to decline in LNG import volume compared to last year as an excessive supply in the natural gas market.

During the Year, Dalian LNG Terminal fully completed construction of its second phase project and commenced trial operation. Upon completion of construction and commencement of operation of Dalian LNG Terminal, its loading and unloading capacity can reach 6 million tons per year and the maximum supply capability can reach 8,500 million cubic metres per year. The trial operation of the second phase project of Jiangsu LNG Terminal was successful. Upon completion and commencement of operation of second phase project of Jiangsu LNG Terminal, its loading and unloading capacity can reach 6.5 million tons per year and the maximum supply capacity can reach 9,100 million cubic metres per year. The expansion of these two terminals will enable the Group to better cope with the demand for natural gas in the peak season and the demand for LNG.

IV. Sales of Natural Gas and LNG Processing During the Year, the sales volume of natural gas was 7,256 million cubic metres, representing a decrease of 501 million cubic metres or 6.46% as compared with last year. Revenue for the Year amounted to HK$24,534 million, representing a decrease of HK$5,203 million or 17.50% as compared with last year. Loss before income tax expense was HK$378 million, representing a decrease in profit of HK$1,460 million or 134.94% as compared with last year. The decrease in revenue and profit before income tax expense was mainly due to international oil price remaining in a low range which reduced the economic advantage of using natural gas over diesel as a result of low international oil price.

During the Year, Hainan LNG storage tank which was invested and constructed by the Group began operation. Its loading and unloading capacity has reached 300,000 tonsyear, and approximately 30,000 tons of LNG were successfully loaded and unloaded during the Year. The storage tank strongly secured the supply of LNG of the Group in Hainan 
During the Year, the Group strictly followed the market-oriented approach, closely coordinated the Group s production, transmission and marketing activities and secured resources through multiple channels for the Gas In Substitution of Oil business. Meanwhile, highlighting the highly efficient investment in marketing resources and leveraging on the sales network and channels of PetroChina, the construction of integrated oil and gas stations of the Group was accelerated. During the Year, the Group s sales volume of LNG was 2,941 million cubic metres, representing an increase of 25 million cubic metres or 0.86% as compared with last year.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2015 5 
2016 is the year in which the 13th 5-Year Plan begins. The China s economy is in a critical period of structural adjustment.
Optimisation and adjustment of the structure of energy consumption on the national level and pollution governance will become the major driving forces of clean energy consumption. The rigid growth in demand for natural gas is likely to be maintained. The Group believes that the further deepening of natural gas market reform will strongly facilitate the fair competition of the industry, which will stimulate market vitality and the natural gas distribution and comprehensive utilisation business will have better development opportunities. In the future, the Group will focus on the natural gas distribution and comprehensive utilisation business and grasp suitable opportunities to steadily and gradually divest the exploration and production business. Especially upon the completion of the Acquisition of Kunlun Gas, the strategic positioning of the Group will be further be defined. As the sole platform for PetroChina in the investment, financing and operation of natural gas distribution and comprehensive utilisation business, the Group will undertake the important mission for PetroChina to develop the natural gas distribution market.

Based on its positioning and strategic guidelines, the Group will optimise the current the Group s and Kunlun Gas business into two aspects namely equity structure and management, to fully leverage the synergy effect and enhance the competitiveness by designing and coordinating market development, planning, investment, production, operation, logistics and information and tapping resources, integration was formed to enhance asset operation efficiency and optimise the allocation of human resources as well as further lower the consolidated management fee for sale; by further expanding and optimising the sales network and the integrating privilege customer from both parties and upward and downward channel, crossing selling is prompted and hence increase the volume; by utilising domestic and international resources and market, the advantages of the financing platform and trading entities are complemented.

Regarding the Natural Gas Pipeline business, the construction and operation of natural gas pipeline network will be coordinated, investment led by the PetroChina Beijing Gas Pipeline Co., Ltd. will be made in Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline No.
4, the stable operation of the existing major pipelines, such as the Shaanxi-Beijing Pipeline will be maintained, and the transmission and distribution capability of the pipeline network will be increased. The leading position of the Group in the regional market will be further reinforced.

As for the LNG Terminal business, there will be further bridging of resources and market and strengthen cost control.
Extending access of the Group s excess capacity of terminal facilities to third parties on a fair basis will be actively promoted, striving to enhance the Group s operation efficiency.

Regarding the Natural Gas distribution and comprehensive utilisation business, the Group will fully leverage on the advantage in security of resources upstream and mid-stream transmission and distribution of PetroChina. The city gas business has a key role in driving the branch pipeline market. It will speed up the development of pipeline radiation regional project with equal attention paid to quality, efficiency and size, and will innovate its marketing strategy and service approach.
There will be further strategic co-operation with large gas enterprises to achieve centralised development of scale and efficiency, and the Group will also actively develop natural gas power generation and distributed energy resources. The Group will focus on coordinating resources allocation for its LNGCNG business, thereby improving business structure, optimising existing layout of plants and sales network, strengthening market development, coordinating the processing and refilling of LNG, integrating CNG primary station and substation, and constantly enhancing the operation efficiency and integrated efficiency of existing LNG plants, CNG primary stations and refilling terminals. The LPG business will mainly leverage on the stable supply of oil from refinery and oil field enterprises in China, develop new import channels, maintain regional resources advantage, implement the layout and construction of LPG sales network, strengthen the development of end-user sales business, and further improve the quality and efficiency of sales network. Meanwhile, the Group will further optimise the value chain of natural gas and LPG sales, strive to increase new business growth points and realise the effective coordination, sustainable and healthy development of various businesses.

6 KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2015 
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK6 cents per share (2014: HK20 cents per share) to Shareholders whose names appear on the Company s register of members (the Shareholders Register ) on 20 May 2016 (Friday), subject to the approval at the annual general meeting of the Company (the 2016 AGM ). The payment will be made on or before 17 June 2016. The proposed 2015 final dividend amounts to a total of approximately HK$484 million and 2014 dividend of HK$1,614 million was paid in 2015, which represents a payout ratio (dividend per share divided by basic earnings per share) of approximately 352.94% or 26.04% (excluding the impairment loss of HK$1,724 million) (2014: 28.77%).

CLOSURE OF SHAREHOLDERS REGISTER For the purposes of determining Shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2016 AGM, and entitlement to the final dividend, the Shareholders Register will be closed. Details of such closures are set out below: 
(i) For determining eligibility to attend and vote at the 2016 AGM: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents 4:00 p.m. on 9 May 2016 (Monday) 
Closure of Shareholders Register from 10 May 2016 (Tuesday) to 11 May 2016 (Wednesday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 11 May 2016 (Wednesday) 
(ii) For determining entitlement to the final dividend: 
Latest time to lodge transfer documents 4:00 p.m. on 18 May 2016 (Wednesday) 
Closure of Shareholders Register from 19 May 2016 (Thursday) to 20 May 2016 (Friday) (both dates inclusive) Record date 20 May 2016 (Friday) 
During the above closure periods, no transfer of shares will be registered. To be eligible to attend and vote at the 2016 AGM, and to qualify for the final dividend, all properly completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company s Branch Registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor Secretaries Limited, at Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong no later than the aforementioned latest time.

KUNLUN ENERGY COMPANY LIMITED ANNUAL REPORT 2015 7 
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING The 2016 AGM will be held on 12 May 2016 (Thursday). The Notice of the 2016 AGM, which constitutes part of the circular to Shareholders, will be sent together with the 2015 Annual Report. The Notice of the 2016 AGM and the proxy form will also be available on the websites of the Company and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

By the Order of the Board 
Chairman & Executive Director 
