CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT THE YEAR IN REVIEW During the year under review, Mascotte Holdings Limited (the Company , together with its subsidiaries, collectively the Group ) has undergone a consolidation of its businesses as 
One of the core businesses of the Group, namely manufacturing and sales of photographic accessories, had recorded a segment loss of approximately HK$1.08 million. The underperformance of this business segment was mainly due to the global photographic market continued to decline because of the demise of compact camera in favour of mobile phone as well as stagnant in single-lens reflex and mid-size camera, coupled with keen market competition.
The Group s rental income from property investment remained the same as last year at approximately HK$1.1 million. However, the loan financing business did not record any transaction activity during the year as no suitable business opportunity was identified by the Group.
During the year under review, the Group s business segment in securities trading and investment recorded a gain of approximately HK$4.7 million which was mainly derived from net gain from fair value change in investment in securities.
The Group had ceased the solar grade polycrystalline silicon business which was sold to an independent third party in June 2014. Such disposal released the Group from further funding requirement on this business, which could be made available for any other business opportunity identified by the Group.

The Group expects that its manufacture and sales of photographic accessories will encounter sluggish market demand attributable to weakening Euro dollars which may reduce the demand of European markets, the biggest markets accounted for approximately 50% of the Group s turnover in this business segment, and keen competition from its competitors. In this regard, the Group will continuously control its costs, strengthen customer relationship, broaden customer base, develop products to suit customer needs in action camera, monitor its level of indebtedness and funding requirements.
Overall speaking, the Group expects the performance of this business will remain stable in the year ahead. Moreover, the Group will closely monitor and capture any opportunity to improve the Group s position, both financially and operationally.
As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated 23 June 2015, the Company has entered into a subscription agreement with Evergrande Real Estate Group Limited ( Evergrande ) and Mount Yandang Investment Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited ( Tencent ) on 15 June 2015. Upon completion of the subscription agreement, Evergrande and Tencent will become the substantial shareholders and obtain the control of the Company. They will not only provide additional funding to the Company and improve its financial position but also introduce new business opportunities and provide long-term shareholder support to the Company, which is beneficial to shareholders and the Company as a whole.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, investor and business partners for their continuing support to the Group, and to my colleagues for their valuable contribution during the year.
For and on behalf of the Board Chung Yuk Lun 
25 June 2015 