Chairman s Statement The Group s corporate achievement depends on, on the one hand, the trends of global trade and of the Chinese economy and, on the other, efforts dedicated by our staff. The Group s profit for the year did not escape a decline due to the unfavorable macroeconomic environment precipitated from the economic and financial crisis that prevailed in the last two years.
Towards countering the negative impact caused by the crisis thus avoiding a substantial decline in business all staff of the Group have made valuable contributions to the Group s performance in 2009. The market has also expressed understanding and concern towards the operations of the Group amid the economic crisis. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all shareholders, business partners and parties who care about and have supported the Group s development and business during the year. I would also like to send my heartfelt gratitude to all staff of the Group for their hard work and tremendous efforts put in, without which the Group could not have achieved what it did this year.
It gives me great pleasure to present the Group s annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 
The year of 2009 had been a particularly challenging one for 
Global economy and trade, severely impacted by the financial crisis, declined in 2009. The World Economy Outlook published by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) in January 2010 expects world trade volume to fall by approximately 12.3% in 2009, the first decline ever since 1982. The significant shrinkage in international trade had not only caused a hefty blow on the ports and maritime sectors but also dragged the Baltic Dry Index ( BDI ) massively down. Along with the depressed performance of container operations at ports globally was the deterioration, of varying magnitude, in container through-put volumes recorded by all the top ten container ports in the world, with the exception of the Guangzhou Port in China.
The economic recession in Europe, the United States, Japan and other countries as well as China s economic growth having somewhat slowed down have resulted in China s foreign trade grow negatively at rates larger than anticipated. China s total aggregated exports dropped 16.0%, casting an obvious and devastating impact on its export-oriented container port industry. Against such a macroeconomic environment, the Group s operations have not been spared the blow precipitated by the global economic downturn.
In the year under review, in the face of the negative impact brought about by the weakened demand at external markets on its container ports operations, in addition to continuing the Group s efforts to elevate the overall efficiency of its services so as to anchor its customer base, the Group has succeeded in decelerating the decline in operating earnings through the adoption of various internal, reinforced measures such as redeploying and integrating resources as well as up-grading technical applications. Notwithstanding the decline in its operating results in 2009, the Group has demonstrably overcome challenges resulted from market changes caused by the once-in-a-century global economic crisis.

In 2009, the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to HK$3,238 million, representing a decrease of 12.6% over that of last year. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled to HK$2,589 million, down 21.8% when compared to that for the same period of last year. The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core ports operations, relative to the Group s total, increased to 87.6% from 84.2% for the same period last year.
In 2009, the Group recorded revenue of HK$3,588 million, representing a decrease of 47.5 % year-on-year.

The Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 32 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of 57 HK cents per share for the whole year (giving a payout ratio of 42.8%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 16 July 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 25 
Review for the year China s total import and export trade, depressed by the weakened global trade, has declined by 13.9% in 2009.
Statistics of the General Administration of Customs of the PRC revealed that bilateral trade volume between China and each of its four major trading partners, the European Union, the United States, Japan and the ASEAN, has all fallen. Of these volume declines, that for each of the European Union, the United States and Japan recorded a double-digit drop. Although the year- on-year decrease in the trade volume of China with its major trading partners narrowed in the second half of the year and even reversed to a positive growth in the fourth quarter, the consecutive and sharp deterioration registered in the first three quarters were sufficiently evident to reflect the contraction in China s trade volumes for the year. Consequently, all ports of sizeable scale in Mainland China recorded negative growth in the year under review in their throughput of containers handled.
Data of relevance for 2009 gathered within China s transportation industry indicate that the aggregate throughput of containers handled by ports of sizeable scale in Mainland China reached approximately 121 million TEUs, a year-on-year decrease of 5.8%.
In 2009, the throughput of containers handled by the Group reflected for the first time a year-on-year decline. Container throughput handled by the Group s ports totaled 43.87 million TEUs in the year, a year-on-year decrease of 13.1%. Driven by China s domestic demand, the bulk cargoes handled by the Group for the year reached 232 million tonnes in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.0%.
Hindered by a sluggish container shipping market, the Group s container manufacturing business, China International Marine Container (Group) Co., Ltd. ( CIMC Group ), of which the Group is the largest shareholder, has basically suspended its dry box manufacturing business during the year. In the year, the CIMC Group recorded an annual dry box sale of 60,400 TEUs, refrigerated box sale of 30,400 units and special box sale of 43,200 units respectively, representing a year-on-year drop of 95.1%, 56.0% and 66.5% respectively. Weakened European and American markets have also caused the sale of the CIMC Group s special road vehicles to fall by 7.6 % to 97,400 units as compared with last year.
In 2009, in an effort that aimed to decelerate the falling operating earnings so as to safeguard the interests of the Group s investors, the Group has adopted a number of measures to slow down, depending on local and specific circumstances and market conditions, its investment programmes unless where the expansion was committed and essential, and to exercise strict control over costs and expenses through enhanced resource integration and intensified technological upgrading. Through the implementation and execution of a series of specific measures, the Group s results in managing its operating costs were remarkable, resulting in its cash cost having declined more than its revenue, which in turn helped prevent its operating profit from sliding more than it should whilst ensuring a higher efficiency platform from which the Group s operations can work when its business recovers in the future, thereby providing more room for higher profitability.
Meanwhile, the unit energy consumption of the Group s operation decreased further in 2009. The Group s efforts in port environmental performances and supply chain safety performances were recognized by international certification organizations (such as having obtained the ISO14001 and ISO28000 certifications), which marked another milestone for the Group in establishing and maintaining environmentally- friendly and cost-effective ports.
Remaining as the Group s continuing and key task are the integration and alignment of its business operating capacities at the Western Shenzhen Port Zone. These efforts, which aim to elevate the Group s overall competitiveness at West Shenzhen Zone, leverage on the combined capabilities of the ports at the location that, in turn, will help to expand market and to tackle market challenges for all the ports. In the year under review, the integration of the Group s container handling and bulk cargo handling operations at the Western Shenzhen Port area evidenced a systematic roll-out, aided alongside by increasingly smoothened coordination and cooperation between the ports commercial and operating functions, thereby effectively securing the Group s share of container handling business in Shenzhen. With enhanced cooperation among operating units, the Group s bulk cargo throughput in Shenzhen achieved an increase of 12.9%.
The Group continued its efforts in 2009 to actively develop the integrated logistics service business at its ports. During the year, 14 river-trade terminals at three cities were added to the South China shuttle barge services network anchored at the Western Shenzhen Port Zone. As for sea-rail connectivity stemmed from Western Shenzhen, following upon the launch of the Changsha route in 2008, container train routes linking Western Shenzhen with respectively another five cities were added in 2009, thus ensuring the further reaching out of the Western Shenzhen Port Zone into the Mainland hinterland. With the respective commencement during the year of the Qianwan Bonded Port Zone in Qingdao and the Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone in Shenzhen, both of which have been granted multiple function policies, the Group expects to derive benefits from these two operations.
The Group s unit in Shekou engaging in cold storage activities, China Merchants International Cold Chain (Shenzhen) Company Limited ( CM Cold Chain ), have entered into strategic co- operation relationships with a number of international shipping companies. Capitalising on the policies granted to Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone, CM Cold Chain intends to develop a nation-wide logistics service for frozen produce. The Group views the provision of this service not only as an extension of, and supplemental to, the specialized services currently provided at the Bonded Port Zone, but also as complementary to the Group s efforts to developing itself into providing a comprehensive range of logistics services.
At the end of 2009, the Group s subsidiary, China Merchants International Container Terminal (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. entered into a joint venture agreement with Qingdao New Qianwan Container Terminal Co., Ltd., marking the entering into a substantive stage of the cooperation between the Group and Qingdao Port Group Co., Ltd. and its partners. The Group believes that such cooperation will turn a new page for the Group s container business in Qingdao.
The container terminal projects in Vung tau, Vietnam and Colombo, Sri Lanka in which the Group took part in negotiation during 2009 have evidenced a number of key negotiation milestones. The development thus far was in line with the Group s expectation. Currently, progress for the two projects are being carried out as scheduled.
In 2009, the transfer by the Group of its equity interests in Hempel-Hai Hong (China) Limited was completed. This transfer marked the final step in the Group s asset-streamlining efforts to dispose of its paint assets as part of its established goal to focus on ports operations.

While there are varying views towards how the global economy will trend in 2010, what cannot be refuted is the consensus reached by most governments of the need to prevent the global economy from further deteriorating and in turn to inject state resources so as to revitalize the global economy. Recent signs seem to suggest the world s economy is recovering. Against the likelihood of certain governments intending to gradually withdraw their financial support thus resulting in the global economy take longer time to rebound, the Group is of the belief that the global economy has bottomed and may even have begun to gradually come out from the trough and that the negative impact brought about by the sharp decline in world trade and the collapse of confidence in the market is gradually 
Data released by the National Bureau of Statistics of China revealed that China realized an economic growth of 8.7% in 2009, signifying the solid foundation on which China stands and which will support China s economic recovery. Barring the surfacing of any new factors that may trigger significant turmoil in the World s economy in 2010, the Group believes that China will be well positioned to achieve yet again another year of high economic growth. It is particularly encouraging for the Group to note that China s total foreign trade, year-on-year, started to grow again since November and December 2009, having declined consecutively for the previous twelve months.
Moreover, the total foreign trade in December 2009 alone registered the third highest record in history, while the bilateral trade with the ASEAN also broke a new record and that with the United States reached its second highest level in history.
Although it is hard to precisely predict the growth rate of China s foreign trade in 2010, it is certain that China s foreign trade will grow in 2010 along with global economic recovery and the emergence of favorable factors such as increased inventory level expected of major importer and of consumer countries, and the full rolling out of the China-ASEAN Free Trade Zone since January 2010. These factors combined will further boost the development of China s foreign trade.
In recent years, apart from improving the panning out of the coastal ports network, the Group has also committed to integrating internal resources, optimising cost structure and increasing operational efficiency. In this regard, that the Group has established and developed related ancillary businesses with which to support the Group s core business of its ports, thus providing room to expand the capability of the Group s ports operation. As the largest port operator in mainland China, the Group possesses a solid base in its port business. Anchored upon its core operations in container box handling and bulk cargo handling covering both domestic and foreign trade, the Group has integrated into providing related logistics services such as barge shuttle network, sea-rail connectivity, and bonded logistics parks adjacent to and in collaboration with its port operations. The Group firmly believes that the establishment of these integrated logistics service will in turn enhance the capability of its core ports business. Furthermore, the close equity-based relationship between the Group and respectively a number of port groups in China not only will lead to a deepened co-ordination between equity partners but also could pave a viable platform for possible further co-operation in future.
Whilst the Group has suffered an unprecedented decline in its ports business in 2009, the Group is of the view that China s domestic demand for continuing economic development and the comprehensive competitive advantage Chinese export products commands will have a determinant effect on its import demand for bulk cargoes and will support China s exports.
These combined will support the continuing growth of the Group s businesses in container handling and bulk cargo handling. On the other hand, the Group s ongoing efforts that started in recent years in seeking internal refinements through resource optimization and operation improvement have been and will continue to significantly improve its comprehensive efficiency. This, coupled with prudent financial policies, has in turn enhanced the Group s ability to respond constructively to operational risks and environmental changes. The Group believes that, bearing in mind the anticipated recovery in global economy and trade, the Group is well positioned to capture the benefits in the next phase of development.

The Group as always places great emphasis on investor relations and is fully committed to ensuring a high level of transparency be maintained with the investment community.
Of prime importance is the prompt release to the investment community of relevant corporate information - from corporate activities, operation data, to matters of financial interests.
Through various communications channels such as media, networks, road-shows and direct exchanges with investors or through the intermediates, the Group has effected, and will continue to effect, useful dialogues with the investment market.
The Group regards the need to maintain frequent and effective communications with investors as an important routine, through which it aims to gain increasing level of confidence of the 
The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

The Group s corporate achievement depends on, on the one hand, the trends of global trade and of the Chinese economy and, on the other, efforts dedicated by our staff. The Group s profit for the year did not escape a decline due to the unfavorable macroeconomic environment precipitated from the economic and financial crisis that prevailed in the last two years. Towards countering the negative impact caused by the crisis thus avoiding a substantial decline in business all staff of the Group have made valuable contributions to the Group s performance in 2009. The market has also expressed understanding and concern towards the operations of the Group amid the economic crisis. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all shareholders, business partners and parties who care about and have supported the Group s development and business during the year. I would also like to send my heartfelt gratitude to all staff of the Group for their hard work and tremendous efforts put in, without which the Group could not have achieved what it did this year.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
