Chairman s Letter 
2011 was a year of several records: contribution from operations, net and recurring profit, dividend income to First Pacific and dividend payments to you, our shareholders.
In the past eight (8) years, First Pacific has seen its gross asset value rise with a compound annual growth rate of 27% from US$1.28 billion in 2003 to US$7.88 billion at the end of 2011. Your Company, the premier investment management and holding company for emerging Asia, been fortuitous in making investments which have delivered strong returns to our shareholders, whilst improving the lives of millions of Indonesians and Filipinos.
2012 may well be a year of taking a step back in order to leap forward in the coming years for the First Pacific Group. PLDT is focusing on integrating Digitel and Sun Cellular as it builds out a 4G-ready network in its cellular business and a Next Generation Network in its fixed-line operations. Its information technology platform is being upgraded with the goal of making permanent reductions in operating costs and capital expenditures while raising margins. Earnings will be down slightly at PLDT in 2012 but they are nevertheless likely to be their third-best ever, before returning to growth after a year.
Indofood faces similar conditions. Increasing wealth in Indonesia, while providing opportunities has also exacerbated competitive environment, particularly for its Consumer Branded Products and Bogasari Groups. However, supported by its competitive advantages and its ability to respond swiftly to market changes, Indofood will continue to evolve dynamically in pursuing growth and enhancing the Company s value.
Philex had its best year ever in 2011 but now faces a likelihood of declining ore grades at its Padcal mine. We are hopeful that Philex will make up for any decline in production by acquiring an ongoing or brown field mining operation so it can deliver an immediate increase in gold and copper output before its Silangan mining project comes online in a few years time.
After an extremely strong year at MPIC, we are likewise hopeful of making new investments, perhaps in the toll road space, or in rail or airport redevelopment. Its current toll road, water distribution, electricity distribution and healthcare businesses all expect healthy growth in 2012 but the significant growth at MPIC will come from 
With careful management of existing operations and the possibility of value-enhancing new investments, we are confident that 2012 will bring exciting and rewarding developments for our shareholders.

20 March 2012 