Chairman s Statement 
It is my great pleasure to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited (the Group ) delivered record-breaking results for the financial year ended 31 December 2010. The Group s revenue soared substantially by 42% to HK$33,891.5 million and underlying net profit (excluding non- recurring item) jumped by 57% to HK$3,509 million, basic earnings per share was HK$4.146. Backed by continued recovery of the global economy and robust economic growth in emerging markets especially China, the Group saw impressive results from all business segments. Demand for laminates and printed circuit board ( PCB ) products continued to grow as a result of thriving demand for consumer electronic products especially smartphones as well as tablet PCs. The Group s laminate and PCB divisions posted remarkable earnings. Driven by buoyant demand for chemical products, the Group s chemical division delivered outstanding performance with spectacular growth in both turnover and profit. The Group s properties division generated stable rental income from our investment 
On the back of our solid financial strength and proven management team, the Group has consistently invested in new production facilities and now established more than 60 plants.
With a sharp competitive edge through our vertically integrated business model and effective resources management, the Group was able to advance our market share and deliver another year of excellent returns for our shareholders. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK60 cents per share subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK50 cents per share paid in September 2010, this constitutes a total dividend per share of HK$1.1, representing a payout ratio of 26%.

Bolstered by strong global demand for electronic products, the laminate division achieved remarkable performance in 2010.
Key raw materials price showed a continued uptrend during the year under review which in turn translated into higher average selling price ( ASP ) of laminates products compared to previous year. Chinese government implemented favourable policies to encourage domestic consumption. Domestic sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) increased compared to last year. Turnover (including inter-segment sales) for the laminate division was up 43% to HK$13,507.6 million while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) increased 24% to HK$3,391 million. Volume sales increased around 15% against 2009 and average monthly shipment volume reached 9.29 million 
Similarly, the PCB division also achieved excellent performance.
Turnover for PCB division rose by 20% to HK$8,704.9 million and EBITDA increased 39% to HK$1,622.4 million. High density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB performed extremely well for the division. Demand for HDI PCB was robust owing to strong sales of smartphones and high-end communication devices. Monthly capacity from our two dedicated HDI PCB plants in Kunshan, Jiangsu province and Kaiping, Guangdong province expanded from 600,000 square feet in 2009 to around 1,000,000 square feet by the end of 2010. HDI PCB sales doubled against that in 2009, accounting for 12% of total PCB sales and adding extra growth impetus to the division.
Ongoing economic growth and industrialisation in China continued to boost the selling prices and demand for chemical products in 2010. Our phenolacetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong province achieved outstanding performance on the back of strong demand. The Group s other chemical projects including chemical refinery plant in Yangzhou, Jiangsu province and cokemethanol plant in Xingtai, Hebei province as well as caustic soda plant in Hengyang, Hunan province also delivered attractive earnings for the Group. Turnover for the chemical division jumped 52% to HK$14,465.5 million and EBITDA rose substantially by 100% to HK$1,995.2 million. Share of associates results (bulk of which contributed by our natural gas based methanol joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited) was up sharply by 212% to HK$200.9 million as a result of higher methanol selling prices in 2010.
With regards to our properties division, as at 31 December 2010, the Group had a land bank of approximately 2.6 million square metres with investment properties and residential projects located at prime locations in eastern and southern China. Our investment properties, including Shanghai Kingboard Modern Plaza and Guangzhou Zhan Wang Digital Plaza, located at prime location with easy access and enjoyed good occupancy rate.
Total rental income for the Group increased 38% to HK$125.7 million from HK$90.8 million in 2009.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2010, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$11,274.2 million (31 December 2009 HK$9,151.9 million) and 1.90 (31 December 2009 1.97) 
The net working capital cycle shortened from 80 days as at 31 December 2009 to 65 days as at 31 December 2010 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 55 days (31 December 2009 67 days) as the Group consumed lower costs inventories strategically stocked up in 2009 as a result of much higher revenue in 2010.
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, reduced to 56 days (31 December 2009 67 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, reduced to 46 days (31 December 2009 54 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 23% (31 December 2009: 22%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 43%:57% (31 December 2009: 34%:66%). During the year under review, the Group invested around HK$1,744 million and HK$3,229 million in new production capacity and property developments projects respectively. With a seasoned and professional management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive returns to our shareholders in the future. About 8% of the Group s bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rate swap contract to minimize exposure to fluctuation in interest rates movement.
As at 31 December of 2010, outstanding notional amount of interest rate swap agreements stood at HK$3.4 billion with a weighted average duration and interest rate of 0.49 year and 2.96% respectively. The Group also entered into commodity forward contracts so as to minimize its exposure to fluctuation in commodity prices. The fair value of these contracts amounted to HK$33.5 million. Other than derivative financial instruments in connection with our daily operations as mentioned above, the Group had not entered into any other material derivative financial instruments throughout 2010. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review.
The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a global workforce of over 47,300 (31 December 2009: 45,400). The increase in headcount was in line with increased business volume compared to last year. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. Kingboard Institute of Management was established with a vision to focus on management training of middle and senior management for the Group. Over the years, this institute has successfully trained approximately 100 deputy general manager grade or above employees for our Group. In addition, the Group also worked with Kowloon Federation of Associations in 2010 on a Summer Internship Scheme for university students in Hong Kong. The Group recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in search for talents for the Group. In future, we will continue our effort to identify and develop staff via management training schemes in order to rejuvenate our management team to support the long term development of the 
Ongoing global economic recovery with steady growth momentum is expected to further foster demand for electronic products. The ASP of laminates products continued to show an uptrend as raw material prices persisted at a high level in the first two months of 2011. In order to meet strong laminate demand for multilayer and HDI PCBs, the Group is working on capacity expansion for thin laminate production capacity in Jiangmen laminate plant. In addition, construction plans are also underway to set up a new glass fabric plant and a new glass yarn plant in Changzhou, Jiangsu province over the next two years. These new capacities will help to secure key upstream materials supply for our laminate production in eastern China and further reinforce our vertically integrated business model.
Leveraging on our cost effective operation, the Group is constructing a new PCB facility with phase I monthly capacity of 1 million square feet in Yi Zheng Industrial Park, Yangzhou, Jiangsu province. Furthermore, our two dedicated HDI PCB plants in Kunshan, Jiangsu province and Kaiping, Guangdong province as well as our Thailand PCB plant are expected to expand production capacity in 2011 with an aim to capture further market share gain.
For the chemical division, phase II expansion plan for our chemical refinery plant in Yangzhou, Jiangsu province is on track to add a new catalytic cracking unit with annual capacity of 2 million metric tonnes. Downstream capacity will further be enhanced through building a new phenolacetone plant with annual capacity of 300,000 metric tonnes. As a result of resource sharing among these two facilities, feedstock supply is secured for the new phenolacetone plant. Meanwhile, capability enhancement plans for the existing phenolacetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong province are currently in the pipeline and expected to be completed in 2011. Our successful acquisition of the Hengyang caustic soda plant in 2003 has brought excellent returns to the Group and accumulated valuable experience and technical expertise in this sector. Growth potential for caustic soda is enormous in China. In early 2011 we acquired another caustic soda plant in Gaomi, Shangdong province with an annual capacity of 60,000 metric tonnes. Planning is also underway to expand the production capacity of the Hengyang caustic soda plant over the next few years.
Renovation for Guangzhou Dong Zhao Building has been completed with inspection approval from government authorities.
We have started leasing negotiations with prospective tenants and additional rental income is expected from this property in 2011. Our first residential project Shanghai Yu Garden in Kunshan, Jiangsu province has pre-sold over 90% of units with cash receipt over RMB900 million. Earnings in connection with this project are expected to be booked in the FY2011. In addition, construction of another residential project Qiandeng Kingboard Yu Garden in Kunshan has commenced and pre-sale for this project is expected in 2011.
Looking ahead, the operating landscapes for the Group in 2011 remain challenging as we are facing headwinds of rising costs, wage increase and RMB appreciation. Nevertheless, with our diversified business portfolio and our experienced management team, the Group will respond promptly to changes in the market with decisive action. We are confident that the Group will continue to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders in future.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 7 March 2011 