Chairman s Statement As China Merchants Holdings (International) Company Limited marks its 20th anniversary of public-listing, I like to express, on behalf of all my fellow directors and colleagues, our heart-felt appreciation to all communities at large for the invaluable support afforded to the Group throughout the years without which the Group could not have achieved what it has today.
I am pleased to present the Group s 2011 annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
During the year under review, evidencing the softening growth in the global economy and trade, the Group has focused its efforts on integrating its port resources in Mainland China, expanding overseas, as well as further refining its operational flow aimed towards efficiency improvement, all of which have brought remarkable results for the year. In the international front, pleasing growing contributions were being derived from certain projects while construction for a newly-signed green-field development project has commenced. A number of ports and logistics operations in Mainland China have all reported greatly- enhanced performances alongside operational enhancements brought about by intensified management refinement.
Notwithstanding the above, the Group s container handling operation has been dragged by the softened macroeconomic conditions and has grown lesser than expected.
Along with the ongoing shifting of the world s productivity, the Group continues to adhere to its strategy of Going Out by, on the one hand, identifying new business growth drivers and, on the other, gradually establishing its market position among global terminal operators. 2011 marked a year of breakthrough for the Group in expanding overseas, as the South Container Terminal of Colombo Port, the Group s second international project and also its first international to be granted the right to operate, commenced construction in December. The year also marked another year of efficiency improvement for the Group through integrating resources and excavating potential. Through focusing on integrating its port resources in Mainland China, streamlining its business structure, seeking and adopting innovated service models, synergising project values and refining management processes, the Group has effectively mitigated the pressure on its operations derived from the softened macro-economic growth and costs escalation, and achieved satisfactory results as reflected in progress made by a number of the Group s projects.

The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company in 2011 amounted to HK$5,569 million, representing a decrease of 5.2% over last year. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled HK$4,068 million, a decrease of 6.4% year-on-year. The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core ports operation, relative to the Group s total was 70.1% (2010: 
In 2011, the Group recorded revenue of HK$9,470 million, representing an increase of 63.0% year-on-year.

The Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final scrip dividend of 68 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of 98 HK cents per share for the whole year (giving a payout ratio of 43.5%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 20 July 2012 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 6 
Review for the year As 2011 rolled out, the world economy has displayed an obvious slowing down in growth when the deep-rooted negative impact derived from the global financial crisis continued to prevail. The International Monetary Fund (the IMF ) has revised downwards, for consequently three times, its growth projections for the world s economy during the year. Lacking economic growth momentum, European debts crisis and natural disasters combined have caused global trade in goods to slow significantly. Statistics published by the IMF revealed that 2011 s world trade volume (for goods and services) rose 6.9% year- on-year, down by 5.8 percentage points when compared to 2010 s growth rate of 12.7%.
Although the growth in China s trade and economy remained on top of the world s league in 2011, the magnitude of its growth has noticeably softened. China s GDP for the whole year grew 9.2%, 1.1 percentage points lower than that for 2010. Total import and export trade rose by 22.5%, down by 12.2 percentage points year-on-year. Container volume throughput handled by ports in China totalled 162 million TEUs, up 11.4% year-on-year but slow down of approximately 7 percentage points when compared to 2010 s growth rate.
During the year under review, the Group s ports handled a total container throughput of 57.29 million TEUs, an increase of 9.6% year-on-year of the Group s portfolio of ports, excepting the Shenzhen Western Port Zone and Modern Terminals Limited in Hong Kong both of which saw mild decreases in their respective container volume handled, all operations have achieved different degrees of growth in containers handled.
Among them, the Group s Qingdao ports delivered a growth rate in containers handled of 87.8% to reach 2.07 million TEUs.
The Group handled 325 million tonnes of bulk cargos for the whole year, up 15.5% from last year.
During the year, spinning around the Group s business directives of expanding overseas markets, optimizing its Mainland assets positioning and intensifying refined management processes , the Group continued to actively seek overseas expansion projects, integrate Shenzhen Western Port Zone, refine its operational procedures, establish its bonded port zone development and nurture its cold-chain logistics operation, thereby achieving considerable results and progress.
In 2011, aimed towards facilitating the integration of Shenzhen Western Port Zone, the Group focused its efforts on centralizing its operational management process, and on improving the on- site collection-and-disbursement system and the Customs- inspection environment. The building of a centralized business operation centre through which to unify business operation, procurement, contractor management, recruitment, training and technology application has helped to unify its management approach, optimize the Group s shipping route mix, and enhance its resource utilization rate alongside the test-run of a unified container terminal operating system (CTOS) and the implementation of a standardised performance assessment system. During 2011, members for the South China Express Shuttle Alliance in Shenzhen Western Port Zone have gone up to 28 whereas container volume fed by barge shuttles in the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) has been growing, against the less favorable economic trends shown by the PRD proximity. The concerted co-operation between the Shenzhen Western Port Zone and the river terminals operated by Chu Kong River Trade Terminal Co., Ltd ( CKRTT ) has resulted in the volume of containers handled grow 75.0% year-on-year. As regards improvements at the Customs-inspection environment, along with berths capability having been upgraded came the smooth loadingunloading of cargos within the Bonded Port Zone, which not only facilitates the collaboration between the bonded logistics park and the ports but also improves the efficiency of cargo flows between ports within the Shenzhen Western Port Zone, thereby, in turn, bringing a step closer to seamless the connectivity between ports in the proximity.
Having proactively implemented for years measures towards refining its operational management, the Group has made further progress in 2011. During the year, the Group has engaged a renowned consulting firm to help establish a standardized system that will lay a solid foundation with which for the Group to enhance the quality levels in managing its operational and performance-related measurements in the future. Leveraging on information technologies to elevate management qualities has seen significant progress as a number of IT application systems to aid the managing of business, budget and assets has been trial-run and then put into operation at terminals. In the front of technical transformation and process innovation which are important means for enhancing the ports core competitiveness, in 2011, the Group has completed 78 such projects. Among technical transformation projects implemented at the Group s terminals include graphic-aided instruction for quay crane operators, dual- box-trailers for container trucks, process to drop bulk grain into storage and to dedust, as well as process to load-unload logs, which significantly improved the efficiency and effectiveness of the ports. In addition, during the year the Group has continued its efforts towards making greener its port operation by establishing, in co-operation with the local government, a low-carbon demonstration port zone that not only conserves the Group s unit energy consumption but also 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 
enables the Group to gain recognisable economic and social benefits. By the end of 2011, the Group has been awarded national patented right for two green port projects pursued, for which the Group was granted various government subsidies in excess of RMB30 million.
During 2011, development at Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone ( SQBPZ ) accelerated and Shenzhen China Merchants Maritime Logistics Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the Group, increased its registered capital by RMB300 million after which it was renamed China Merchants Bonded Logistics Co., Ltd. ( CMBL ). Adhering to the directives of expand the market, elevate efficiency and refine management , CMBL has delivered encouraging achievements in the areas of expanding its customer base and business scale along with improvements in efficiency and effectiveness. Operating data such as percentage of letting, unit rental price, cargo volume handled and customs declaration service all recorded faster-than- expected growth during the year, with container volume derived from bonded port-collaboration up 24% year-on-year and the accompanying profit, up approximately 70% for the same period. Meanwhile, unloading cargoes immediately upon entering the park practiced by the Customs within SQBPZ has greatly enhanced the efficiency in customs clearance.
Services provided by and the development path of SQBPZ are increasingly recognized as the benchmark for other bonded port zones in China. Shenzhen s Qianhai getting underway in the establishment of the Shenzhen Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone will, we believe, subject our bonded port zone to more growth opportunities and enable the zone to lend greater support to the development of Shenzhen Western Port Zone.
China's cold chain logistics service, as a new area of expertise and a new industry, is gradually being recognized for its status and development potential. Urbanization, food safety and affluence-derived consumption are the main drivers for the growth in the demand for cold chain logistics service. Presently, the industry is very fragmented. With industry standards improving and related government policies released over time will accelerate the industry s integration and segmentation.
Service providers possessing relevant resources, management skills, and service and talent advantages are expected to differentiate itself among market competition in future. While China Merchants Americold Holdings Limited and China Merchants Americold Logistics Company Limited (collectively known as CMAC ), an entity controlled and managed by the Group, commands advantages in brandname, ports network and operational expertise, the cold chain logistics service industry in domestic China has yet to be nurtured that the Group focuses its efforts on positioning its resources while endeavouring to extend its value chain and cultivate its management expertise with a view to becoming China s leading cold chain logistics service provider.
Another growth driver the Group focuses on is new overseas project development and, in this regard, the Group achieved a breakthrough in 2011. A Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) agreement for the development of the Colombo Port South Container Terminal in Sri Lanka was signed in August, with construction having commenced in December and operation expected to commence during 2013. This dedicated container terminal development project in which the Group has operation and management rights represents the Group s first overseas.
Experiences the Group has derived and will derive from this project in respect of the co-operation mode, engineering development and operational management expertise are expected to cast great significance to the Group in its effort to 
Forecast released on 24 January 2012 by World Economic Outlook of the IMF projects global economy to grow 3.3% and 3.9% in respectively 2012 and 2013, representing respectively a decrease of 0.7 and 0.6 percentage point when compared to an earlier forecast made in September 2011. The European debt crisis has intensified the uncertainty of global economic growth and the softening growth in global trade and economy is expected to continue for sometime in the future. With developed economies lacking growth momentum will subject developing economies to challenges induced by declines in both internal growth rate and external demand. IMF forecasts China s economic growth rate to be respectively 8.2% and 8.8% in 2012 and 2013. Against this macro-economic and trade environment, the growth of global port business is expected to continue its slowdown trend in 2012.
Ports as an essential component of international transportation commands an irreplaceable position in international trade that, despite the prevailing volatility encountered in the world s economic growth, the trade-induced-economic growth pattern confirms ports nature in continuing development and stability.
With its ports portfolio being primarily in Mainland China, the Group s ports business will on the one hand be supported by China s rapidly growing domestic economy and on the other commands growth driven by its participation in new projects.
In the coming year, the Group will continue to pursue its established development strategy for ports of "expanding internationally while optimizing assets in domestic China with a view to fostering new business growth drivers. Stemmed from the basis in and experiences drawn from developing and managing the Group s existing overseas projects, the Group will align itself with the global trend in productivity relocation and actively seek opportunities for new overseas port projects with a view to positioning itself internationally. As regards domestic China, whilst continuing to integrate its resources, the Group will closely monitor available opportunities with a view to further enhancing its capabilities in ports.
Refining its management skills is an on-going and strenuous task through which the Group achieves its goal of enhancing its overall competitiveness. In 2012, the Group aims to carry on deepening its refined management skills by means of standardizing its operational control, applying IT management systems, conserving energy, and technology and process innovation, so as to enhance the Group s operational management quality, excavate potential and elevate efficiency.
The Group also aims to establish an effective incentive mechanism that stimulates the potential of staff and mobilises the management initiative of the Group s projects.
In 2012, the Group will continue its efforts to integrate and consolidate its homebase ports in Western Shenzhen, leverage upon unifying the ports operation that in turn ensures standardizing their management platform, thus releasing the overall advantage and efficiency of resources located in the port zone. The Group will strengthen the interaction between the ports and the Bonded Port Zone as a means to attract customers and secure cargo flow. The Group will also encourage the functional co-operation between ports in the Western Shenzhen Port Zone and CKRTT s existing river terminals whilst actively monitoring the operating environment with a view to further improving the accessibility of the PRD barge network. The Group will continue to develop its sea-rail connectivity, and work towards establishing a co-ordinated and harmonious market in the region.
In 2012, springboarding from CMAC the Group will accelerate its efforts to pan out its cold chain logistics service business, taking advantage of the window of opportunities resulted from the prevailing consolidation of the cold chain logistics industry in the domestic market to enhance our market position. The Group will adopt innovative business model to establish its brandname for quality service and management thereby resulting in elevating its influence and position in the industry.
Looking ahead, in the face of unfavourable macroeconomic environment in 2012, the Group aims to enhance its ability to sustain through expanding overseas markets, optimizing port structure in China, refining management skills and nurturing new growth drivers, resulting in turn in elevating its position in the industry and recognition by the international community.
Simultaneous as it seeks to optimise benefits to shareholders, in fulfilling its responsibilities and obligations as a responsible corporate citizen, the Group will actively pursue the development of green port capabilities and participate in social welfare and 
The Group as always places great emphasis on investor relations and is fully committed to ensuring a high level of information transparency is maintained with the investment community. Of prime importance is the prompt release to the investment community of relevant corporate information - from corporate activities, operation data, to matters of financial interests. The Group has always maintained highly effective interaction and communication with the investment community.
Approximately 200 visits by investors and analysts were received andor met by the Group during the year, in addition to numerous tours arranged for investors to visit the Group s projects and to meet with our senior management. The Group continues to maintain smooth relationships with shareholders in the United States, Europe and Asia through roadshow 2011 ANNUAL REPORT 
activities and participations in investors conferences. The Group recognizes that prompt and effective communication is the key to winning the confidence of the investment community, and will ensure that this is closely adhered to.

The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

The Group s achievements in 2011 were accomplished with the dedicated efforts from all our staff, as well as the support from all our shareholders, business partners and those who take to heart the Group s interest. For this, to all parties concerned, I would like to extend my sincere appreciation and 
Dr. Fu Yuning 
