C HAIRMAN ’ S S TATEMENT

BUSINESS REVIEW
2006 was another successful year for Kingboard Chemical Holdings
Limited (the “Group”). Benefited from the buoyant global
economy, the Group’s three core businesses, namely, laminate,
chemical and printed circuit board (“PCB”) had continued to enjoy
strong growth. The Group achieved record revenue and profit for
the fourth year in a row with consolidated sales reaching HK$16.8
billion which was 28% higher than that of the previous year. The
Group’s earnings before interest and tax (excluding the gain from
the spin off of laminate business and discount on acquisition)
exceeded HK$3,028.8 million which was 47% higher than the
previous year.
Beyond the delivery of a solid financial performance, the Group
reached another milestone following the spin off of the laminate
business under the name Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited
(“Kingboard Laminates”) on the main board of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) on 7 December
2006. The separate listing of Kingboard Laminates would enable
investors to appraise and assess the potential and performance
of the respective business units distinctly within the Group. In
addition, the success of the initial public offering of Kingboard
Laminates enables it to access to the international capital markets
so as to capture additional growth opportunities as they arise.
With a strong balance sheet, the Group is in a better position
than it has ever been to seize future growth opportunities for both
PCB and chemical divisions.
As a diversified Group, Kingboard is mindful of the need for
management control over a wide geographic span with myriad
businesses, which in turn enhances corporate governance and
shareholders’ return. I shall now elaborate our continuous effort
to sustain the Group’s earnings growth.
Performance
We reported excellent results for 2006. Given our persistent focus
on capacity growth and capability upgrading in the last few years,
the Group had successfully ridden on the robust global demand
for the consumer electronics product. Being the largest laminate
producer in the world, the Group was able to take full advantage
of its vertically integrated business model with a competitive cost
structure to continuously gain share in the global laminate market.
As a result, revenue (including inter-segment sales) for the
laminate division recorded a 40% growth to HK$8,243.3 million.
Earnings before interest and tax (“EBIT”) rose even higher by
48.5% to HK$1,807.4 million over previous year. Volume sales
were up by around 14% with the average monthly shipment
reaching 7.3 million square meters. Revenue growth had
outpaced volume growth because of tight supply of upstream
raw materials which resulted in higher average selling price of
laminate in the year. In addition, the capacity expansion located
in Fogang, Guangdong province with lower operational cost base
had contributed positively to our margin expansion.
With regards to PCB division, we saw surging demand from most
key market segments due to upturn in emerging market
economies as well as the continuous business migration from
other parts of the world to China. As a result, our major
manufacturing sites had been operating near full capacities
during the year. Backed by a global customer base, revenue for
PCB division was up 25.8% to HK$6,650 million. Though oil and
commodities price increases had brought higher material costs,
EBIT had increased in tandem to HK$686.2 million as compared
to previous financial year. The outstanding performance of
Kingboard PCB division clearly demonstrated our unequivocal
position as the largest PCB manufacturer in China and one of
the top ten PCB manufacturers in the world.
The chemical division achieved revenue and EBIT growth of 25.5%
to HK$4,011.4 million and 102.5% to HK$342.0 million respectively
in 2006. Benefited from increasing economies of scale and the
significant cost advantages we had by being an early mover in
certain chemical project investments, our EBIT margin expanded
by 3.2% to 8.5% in spite of higher feedstock costs. The newly
completed projects such as the caustic soda plant expansion at
Hengyang, Hunan province and the coke/methanol plant in
Hebei province had performed more profitably than previous
year. Our joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited in Hainan
province started commercial production in December 2006 and,
with its strategic location, is exporting methanol to south-east
Asian countries such as Malaysia in addition to domestic sales.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Group’s consolidated financial position changed distinctly
following the successful listing of Kingboard Laminates on the
Stock Exchange on 7 December 2006. The Group received net
proceeds of approximately HK$6 billion from the spin off exercise
of Kingboard Laminates. In addition, the Group received about
HK$854.6 million from the conversion of around 42.7 million
warrants to new shares of the Company. As a result, the Group
had net cash of HK$715 million as at 31 December 2006 which
was contrary to last financial year’s net gearing ratio (ratio of
interest bearing borrowings net of cash to total equity) of 58%.
Furthermore, the retained group (excluding Kingboard Laminates
and Elec & Eltek International Company Limited) was at a net
cash position of HK$3,060.3 million.
The net working capital cycle improved from 103 days as at 31
December 2005 to 96 days as at 31 December 2006 on the
following key metrics:
– Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to
73 days as a result of more raw material being purchased
for the expanded production capacity across the core
businesses (31 December 2005 – 66 days)
– Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days,
improved to 97 days (31 December 2005 – 106 days)
– Trade and bills payable, in terms of creditors turnover
days, improved to 74 days (31 December 2005 – 69 days)
As at 31 December 2006, net current assets and current ratio of
the Group were HK$9,467.1 million (31 December 2005 –
HK$2,857.3 million) and 2.90 (31 December 2005 – 1.56),
respectively. The mix of bank borrowings between short term
and long term bank borrowings stood at 24%:76% (31 December
2005 – 33%:67%). Around 2% of the bank borrowings was
denominated in Renminbi and the rest in Hong Kong or US
dollars.
Our recurrent operating cash inflow was strong and positive even
after funding working capital requirement, capital expenditure and
payment of interest and tax during the year. In 2006, the Group
had invested HK$2,393.2 million in new production facilities across
core businesses so as to ride on new business opportunities.
The Group continued to adopt prudent financial management
policy including the use of interest rate swap contract to minimize
the exposure to fluctuation in interest rates movement. There is
no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the
year under review. The Group’s revenue, mostly dominated in
Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and US dollars, was fairly matched
with the currency requirement of operating expenses.
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2006, the Group had a global workforce of
over 42,900 (31 December 2005 – 37,600). The increase in
headcount was in line with our ongoing expansion blueprint.
Other than offering competitive salary package, the Group grants
share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees
based on our financial achievement and individual’s performance.
PROSPECTS
Our remarkable operating performance has put the Group in an
excellent position to invest in future earnings growth.
Nevertheless, the Group is not complacent and will continue its
relentless effort on cost management and efficiency
improvements.
After some brief softness in demand for laminates at the start of
2007 due to seasonal effect of Chinese Lunar New Year, our
laminate order book has picked up since March 2007 and our
plants are operating near full capacity. The Group plans to further
expand production capacity of laminates and upstream
component materials so as to increase our market share and
capture new business opportunities in the global market place.
Our plant expansion in Fogang, Guangdong province and
Jiangyin, Jiangsu province would increase the glass epoxy
laminate monthly production capacity by 29% by the end of 2007.
For the PCB division, management experienced slower market
demand from the computer and peripherals segment over the
first two months of 2007 due to post-festival inventory correction
while demand from other business segments remained healthy.
Although the Group enjoys a significant presence in the single
side to 6-layer count product segment, we are now proactively
planning to extend our core competence into the higher profit
margin product segment including HDI and higher layer count
PCB. We plan to expand our multi-layer PCB production capacity
by about 20% in 2007. The co-operation and alliance of different
PCB shops within the Group, among others, will remain one of
the key objectives to move forward.
The Group will continue to expand the chemical division. The
methanol project in Chongqing has progressed smoothly and
expects to be completed by end of 2007 which will provide an
additional methanol output of 37,500 tonnes per month. The other
two joint venture methanol projects in Shanxi province will add
another 16,700 tonnes monthly production by first half of 2008. With
the huge success of phase one of the coke/methanol plant in Hebei
province, we have recently commenced construction of phase two
with similar production capacity as phase one and expect it to be
operational in 2008. To capitalize on the lower cost structure of
caustic soda plant in Hengyang, Hunan province, capacity expansion
is underway with a targeted completion date by the first half of 2008.
In addition, the phenol/acetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong
province shall commence operation in year 2007. With all these
chemical expansion projects coming on stream, the Group is well
poised to seize further growth opportunities in the chemical division
which will contribute greater value to the Group.
APPRECIATION
Finally, on behalf of the board of Director (“Board”), I would like
to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our
shareholders, customers, banks, the management and
employees for their unreserved support to the Group.
CHEUNG Kwok Wing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 29 March 2007