Chairman s Statement 
It is my great pleasure to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited ( The Group ) delivered resilient results for the financial year ended 31 December 2013. During the year, the US market showed positive signs of rebound while the Chinese economic model went through a gradual upgrade to maintain sustained growth. Against a backdrop of progressive global economic recovery, demand for electronic products followed a more steady growth trend with robust sales in smart-phones and other mobile electronic devices. Leveraging our successful vertical integration business model, our management team utilized our laminates capacity expansion to capture additional market share, laminate division was able to deliver record high shipment volume during the year. For the printed circuit board ( PCB ) division, performance was impacted by average selling prices decline and operational costs increases. The chemicals division yielded excellent results as both the coal chemicals and acetic acid plants at our Hebei site delivered strong earnings contributions. The property division started to bring in attractive returns with excellent pre-sale results arising from our residential projects. Rental income continued to increase bolstered by an occupancy rate of over 95% in our investment properties portfolio.
Turnover Breakdown by Products BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) Our experienced management team continued to react promptly to market changes and focused on operation efficiency improvements, as a result all core business divisions continued to deliver profitable results. Since there was no property sales income recorded in the current year, group revenue was marginally down by 4% to HK$35,683.5 million while underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) declined by 14% to HK$1,880.0 million. Basic earnings per share was HK$1.833. Nevertheless, with a substantial gain in the fair value of our investment properties, reported net profit was up by 41% to HK$2,961.4 million. The Group maintained a robust financial position. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK20 cents per share, together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share and the special dividend of HK20 cents per share paid in September 2013, constitutes a total dividend per share of HK50 cents, representing a payout ratio of 27%.

Riding on the capacity expansion of the laminate plants in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province and Jiangmen, Guangdong province in 2013, the laminates division delivered satisfactory performance with record high shipment volume as capacity utilization improved against last year. Our Chinese domestic market share continued to expand, with Renminbi ( RMB ) sales of the Group increasing to account for 59% of laminates division s total revenue. The average selling price for laminates came under pressure as the average copper price was lower than in the previous year. Turnover (including inter- segment sales) for the laminates division rose 1% against the previous year to HK$13,056.3 million. Volume sales increased 9% from last year and average monthly shipment reached 9.38 million square metres. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) increased 1% to HK$2,132.4 million.
For the PCB division, although automotive-related orders increased substantially, computer-related orders declined due to soft demand. Hence, turnover for the PCB division was down by 1% to HK$7,155.3 million and EBITDA decreased 10% to HK$874.9 million. The Group continued to expand its high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB production capacity, and gained market share in this market segment by ongoing technology and capability enhancement. HDI PCB sales accounted for 23% (2012:21%) of PCB division sales and generated good earnings contribution to the division.

As a result of better coal chemicals and acetic acid selling price during the year, Hebei chemical plant delivered a strong profit contribution.
Meanwhile, the new phenolacetone plant in Yangzhou, Jiangsu province raised the division s overall output capacity in 2013. Our Yangzhou chemical refinery plant was leased out in the second half of 2013 in return for rental income and processing charges. As a result, turnover (including inter- segment sales) for the chemical division decreased marginally by 2% to HK$17,202.4 million. However, average selling prices increase and operation efficiency improvements in the chemical division drove EBITDA up by 4% to HK$1,592.9 million. Share of associates results (the bulk of which was contributed by our natural gas based methanol joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited) rose by 9% to HK$234.3 million.
As there was no income recognition for property sales in 2013, property division income declined 71% to HK$532.5 million, bulk of which related to rental income from the investment properties. Rental income increased by 33% against the previous year, mainly due to additional rental contribution from the commercial properties in Hong Kong and London acquired in 2012. Pre-sale of the residential projects delivered remarkable results with contract sales increasing substantially to approximately HK$4.17 billion and represented a contract sales area of around 417,000 square metres. As at 31 December 2013, the Group owned a land bank of approximately 6 million square metres of gross floor area located at prime sites in major cities such as Shanghai, Kunshan and Guangzhou in China. Management is confident that these projects will bring in attractive returns.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2013, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$21,100.8 million (31 December 2012 HK$16,166.1 million) and 2.24 (31 December 2012 2.29) respectively.
The net working capital cycle increased from 49 days as at 31 December 2012 to 56 days as at 31 December 2013 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 37 days from last year (31 December 2012 39 days) due to stringent 
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, increased to 59 days (31 December 2012 51 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, was 40 days (31 December 2012 41 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 42% (31 December 2012: 38%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 30%:70% (31 December 2012: 32%:68%). During the year under review, the Group invested around HK$1.6 billion and HK$7.0 billion in new production capacity and property developments projects respectively. With a professional and seasoned management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive returns to our shareholders in the future. About 1% of the Group s bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy.
The Group did not enter into any material derivative financial instruments in 2013. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2013, the Group had a global workforce of over 43,800 (31 December 2012: 43,400). In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. Kingboard Institute of Management was established with a vision to focus on management training of middle and senior management for the Group. The Group recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in its search for talents. In future, we will continue our effort to identify and develop staff via management training schemes in order to rejuvenate our management team to support the long term development of the Group.

At the onset of 2014, the global economy showed signs of steady recovery and market outlook remains positive. Urbanization is helping to promote domestic demand growth while e-commerce channels continue its aggressive expansion and bring about substantial demand growth in digital electronic products sales such as smart-phones and sophisticated household applications such as smart TVs. These market trend changes are expected to push demand growth for both laminates and PCBs.
In order to meet demand from downstream capacity expansion in the laminates division and strengthen our vertical integration business model, the Group plans to increase the upstream materials production capacity.
An expansion phase of the Lianzhou glass fabric plant and a new glass yarn plant in Qingyuan, Guangdong province will commence production in 2014.
As regards the property division, demand is still robust with pre-sales units being over-subscribed as soon as they are launched on to the market.
Construction work of Qiandeng Yu Garden Phase I has been completed and some of the buyers have started the process of taking up title of the flats.
Revenue and profit of this project are expected to be recognized in 2014.
Leasing activities have commenced for Guangzhou Kingboard Plaza and have yielded satisfactory occupancy rate. More residential properties projects will be launched for pre-sale in 2014 to fuel the future growth of the property 
Cloud computing and cloud storage is a growing trend. Kingboard Group has recently set up a new software development team to work on software development for cloud computing, big data analysis and enterprise resources planning ( ERP ) system. A new ERP system is now ready for internal test run within the Group and will be launched on the market in due course.
Meanwhile, the Group plans to set up Cloud Data Centre in PRC utilizing our existing land bank in eastern and southern China to capture new technology trends in this sector.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2014 