Chairman’s Letter
Strong growth is forecast
again in 2017 for ASEAN,
and we confidently expect
over the medium term that
this will continue to
hold true.
Dear Shareholders
First Pacific’s businesses are diversified in Asia and across
telecommunications, consumer food products, infrastructure and
natural resources with a broad commitment to earning our income
from delivering the products and services that consumers in the fastgrowing
economies of Asia want. Our model sustains us in difficult
times when demand is low, and raises our earnings in periods of
economic upswing. It has served us well for almost four decades.
Our markets delivered exceptional growth in 2016, with the Philippines
among the world’s fastest-growing economies with a 6.5% increase
in gross domestic product, followed not far behind by Indonesia, with
growth of 5%. Strong growth is forecast again in 2017 for ASEAN, and
we confidently expect over the medium term that this will continue to
hold true.
Just last year, Indofood achieved record of top line as expanding
disposable incomes continue to increase consumers’ appetite for
quality food products. Strong demand for its toll road, electricity, water
and other services helped lift MPIC, the biggest infrastructure firm in
the Philippines, to its highest-ever profit. It now owns and manages
13 hospitals in the Philippines and plans to break ground on exciting
and long-needed new projects like a children’s hospital and a cardiac
medical centre. Philex, one of the biggest mining companies in the
Philippines, is benefiting from strong metal prices and finalizing how
it would develop its Silangan gold and copper project in northern
Mindanao.
By the same token, PLDT is observing an exponential increase in
demand for data services, particularly mobile data, resulting in a surge
in data revenues. However, the margins in this business are so far
lower compared with margins in legacy income streams like SMS and
voice. The transformation from traditional telco to being a modern
provider of telecommunications data and media services is proving
difficult. Nevertheless, we believe that PLDT’s future remains bright
and we are expecting a return to growth earnings at the Philippines’
biggest telecommunications provider starting 2017.
Our companies are committed to expanding capacity to ensure we can
meet the growing demand for our offerings. PLDT continues with its
elevated capital expenditure in order to meet the fast-growing demand
for bandwidth-hungry data services-as much as US$900 million this
year after spending similar sums in 2015 and 2016 to install and
expand world-class telecommunications and network equipment in
data and media market. At Indofood, we plan to spend over US$600
million to expand our capacities for consumer branded products, flour
mills and plantation areas to meet increasing demand. All in all, we are
committed to capital expenditure spending of over US$2 billion in 2017
alone to ensure we can meet the demands of our hundreds of millions
of customers and clients across the region this year, next year and in
the years ahead.
We expect 2017 will mark a return to growth for First Pacific as PLDT
begins its recovery, and our food and infrastructure investments
continue to benefit from strong growth in our markets. We therefore
can look to the future with optimum confidence.
Yours sincerely
Anthoni Salim
Chairman
28 March 2017