Chairman s Statement 2008 has been a year of the extraordinary for the Group when its ports operations continued to display growth with a record- high throughput handled in excess of 50 million TEUs amid a drastic slowdown in the global economy. This performance has not only further consolidated the Group s leading position in the port industry of the PRC, but also marked a new milestone in the development progress of the Group s ports business. Taking this opportunity I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all our shareholders and business partners for their support for and their trust in the Group. I would also like to send my heartfelt gratitude to all directors and staff members of the Group for their hard work and excellent performance. In the year of 2009 which will likely carry features of uncertainty and turbulence, I look forward to working with all of you, in the same way as we have been, towards striving for our common goals of corporate advancement and sustainable profitability.
I am pleased to present the Group s annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2008.
During the year under review, lower import demand from countries in Europe and America induced by the global financial crisis had considerably impacted China s export sectors. China s foreign trade saw growth decelerated in the second half of 2008 faster than expected, with negative growths recorded in November and December. Such adverse external economic environment has led to declines in the growth rates of China s container throughput and the Group s ports operations in Mainland China and Hong Kong were inevitably affected.
Notwithstanding, the Group s container throughput continued their growing trend, which exceeded 50 million TEUs by the end of the year, a record-breaking achievement. In addition, the Group continued to reflect growth in its profitability during the year, despite the complex and fast-deteriorating external environment, through its proactive and on-going endeavours to strengthen its homebase establishments in Western Shenzhen, continuing improvements and asset streamlining.

In 2008, the Group s profit attributable to shareholders was HK$3,706 million, representing an increase of 4.5% over that of the last year. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled HK$3,312 million, which decreased 2.7% over the corresponding figure of HK$3,405 million in the previous year.
The Group s basic earnings per share for the year under review were 152.97 HK cents, an increase of 2.3% over that of the last 
Revenue of the Group for the year under review amounted to HK$6,831 million and, when the proportionate share of revenue of its associates and jointly controlled entities was included, reached HK$28,167 million, an increase of respectively 6.3% and 15.3% over the corresponding figures for the previous year.

To reward shareholders for their constant support to the Group, the Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 40 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of 28 HK cents, will give a total dividend of 68 HK cents per share for the whole year (giving a payout ratio of 44.4%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 17 July 2009 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 2 June 2009.
Review for the year 2008 has seen the Chinese economy facing an unusually stressed environment, both domestically and overseas, prevailed with complex and ever-changing economic conditions thus casting severe challenges upon China s macroeconomic adjustment control measures. The global financial tsunami triggered by the U.S. sub-prime crisis has caused the import consumption demand of developed countries in Europe and America to fall. For China, such contraction in external demand has curbed its export productivity. Growth rates of China s exports to its top five trade partners have seen different magnitudes of decline. Specifically, growth rates of exports to the European Union and the U.S. were, respectively, approximately 19.5% and 10.5%, representing respective decreases of 7.5 and 4.5 percentage points. According to the statistics of the General Administration of Customs of the PRC, China s foreign trade (total of import and export trades) in 2008 stood at US$2,561.6 billion, reflecting an increase of 17.8% but a decrease in growth rate of 5.7 percentage points, when compared to the corresponding figures of last year. For the ports logistics sector which is closely linked to the progress of foreign trade, the growth of the container handling business has been very much affected. Data released by the Ministry of Transport of the PRC revealed that aggregate throughput volumes of all key ports (that handled significant container business) in China reached approximately 126 million TEUs in 2008, a year-on- year volume increase of 12.2% but approximately 10 percentage points lower than the year-on-year growth rate achieved in 2007.
The Group through its various ports handled a total of 50.48 million TEUs and 211 million tons of bulk cargoes in 2008, achieving respective increases of approximately 7.1% and 32.4% year-on-year. Affected by the demand shrinkage in the maritime market, sales volume of containers of China International Marine Container (Group) Co., Ltd. ( CIMC Group ), in which the Group is interested, has declined with container sales totaled 1.56 million TEUs and vehicle sales, approximately 0.11 million units during the year.
The Group has during the year achieved another new milestone in business expansion through the HK$924 million investment in Ningbo Port Company Limited ( Ningbo Port ), with whom the Group also intends to jointly develop the proposed container terminal project at Port Zone C of Ningbo Daxie. Moreover, the Group has formally signed a joint venture agreement for the container terminal project located in Vung Tau, Vietnam. The Group will continue to closely monitor market developments in other regions with a view to identifying appropriate development opportunities with which to further expand the Group s business 
In order to further cement its ports in Western Shenzhen as the Group s homebase the Group has during 2008 taken a series of capability-enhancing steps including encouraging the Shenzhen Municipal Government to address navigation problems encountered by large vessels in passing through the Tonggu Channel, as well as launching, as part of the Sea-Rail Link campaign, the scheduled freight-related train services running between Western Shenzhen Port Zone and Changsha. These steps, all in all, lend positive support to not only improve the operating capability of Western Shenzhen Port Zone, but also ensure an integrated operating environment for the maritime- related logistics business in the area. In this regard, the Group s acquisition during 2008 of a 70% equity interest in South- China Cold Storage & Ice Co., Ltd. (now renamed as China Merchants International Cold Chain (Shenzhen) Company Limited) has provided a platform through which to accelerate the development of container transportation services for frozen products deriving from ports. During the year, state approval for Western Shenzhen s Qianhaiwan to be established as a Bonded Port Zone has been officially granted. The status with all accompanying support policies will render Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone adequately attractive to businesses such as international trans-shipment, international procurement and distribution, and export processing trades. Diversion by some of these businesses to establish presences at the Bonded Port Zone will help accelerate the development pace of the maritime logistics industry in the proximity. Furthermore, development of the Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone will further integrate the Group s logistics resources, through which the Group can offer its customers with better business environment whilst creating mutual benefits. The Group firmly believes that the establishment of the Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone will complement the Group s ports operations in Shenzhen.
Throughout the year, the Group continued to seek improvements in its ports operations via adoption of measures aimed at refining operating process, encouraging technical innovation, optimising resource efficiency, elevating awareness in safety management, and enhancing cost management and control all of which have enabled the Group to improve its production efficiency indicators. The Group regards reducing energy consumption cost at terminal operations as an important task at its operation. Being able to effectively controlled the unit energy consumption cost lends a ports operator a firm base with which to support the establishment of environmentally-friendly and 
As regards efforts towards improving its asset quality, the Group disposed of its 13% equity interests in Hong Kong Western Harbour Tunnel project companies. It also entered into an agreement with Hempel AS, a Danish company, for the disposal of a 64% equity interest in Hempel-Hai Hong (China) Limited ( Hempel-Hai Hong ), which transaction was completed in January 2009. The completion of the above transactions further reflected the implementation of the Group s effort to improve asset quality thus enabling the Group to gravitate its assets towards ports and ports-related businesses. Following upon the disposal of these non-core business assets, ports assets accounted for 82.7% of the Group s total assets, thereby facilitating the Group s pursuance in developing ports operation as its core business.

Affected by factors such as increasing labor costs and exchange rate fluctuations alongside global financial credit crunch and decelerating economic growth, many export enterprises, especially the small-to-medium enterprises (or SMEs), have encountered increasing difficulties in their operations during 2008. Up to the time of writing, there are still little signs, at global scale, of the financial crisis easing off or of the economy structurally recovering and the year 2009, hence, has begun with considerable uncertainties over the prospects of foreign trade. Being fortunate are that China, as the world s second largest economy, has a relatively stable financial system, and that the Chinese government is committing proactive resources to address problems brought about by this financial crisis. A continuing development of the Chinese economy will be an important force in reviving global economic growth.
Notwithstanding the wide-spread impact caused by the financial crisis alongside a slowdown in China s foreign trade growth which will continue to adversely affect the business of ports operations, the Group considers Chinese productivity (the Made in China logo) to still command distinguishable comparative advantage due to the abundance of cost-effective production factors including labour, skills and land, and increasingly improving infrastructure establishments, thereby assuring the affordability alongside with quality, or price-competitiveness, of China s exported products. In addition, these products are, in the main, daily necessities. Accordingly, China s port sector will continue to benefit from the continuing development of China s economy and foreign trade.
In 2008, throughput volumes of domestic trade handled by ports in China continued to grow satisfactorily. In the face of foreign trade growth slowing down during the year, the Chinese government announced a series of economic stimulus policies to encourage and invigorate domestic consumption demand. Data published by the Ministry of Transport of the PRC revealed that the growth in ports throughput for domestic trade has been significantly higher than that for foreign trade. Business volume conducted at domestic ports has cast an important contribution to China s overall growth in throughput. The vast and extensive hinterland in Mainland China suggests that an expanding domestic consumption demand will support the movement of cargoes in the domestic market. The Group therefore believes that the growth prospects for domestic trade-related ports business are likely to remain satisfactory.
Simultaneous as the Group will focus its efforts to enhance its competitiveness in foreign trade-related container handling operations, it will seek to dynamically develop the domestic trade-related container handling market. Moreover, it will continue to capture investment opportunities for resources- based bulk ports. The continuing development of China s economy and the accompanying and growing economic scale has to be fueled by secured supply of resources-based bulk commodities. Import demand for these type of bulk commodities will, the Group believes, sustainably support its bulk handling operations for a long long time.
The significant contraction in global demand as 2009 enters has presented the export-reliant Chinese economy with challenges that are unseen of before. The fast-track growth experienced by China s ports business for almost consecutively 20 years will inevitably reverse and 2009 might reflect the sector s first year of negative growth. In the face of such unprecedented challenges, the Group will, on the one hand, intensify its business development efforts so as to secure business stability and, on the other hand, forge refined management control for cost reduction, continuing operational improvements and enhancing efficiencies derived from asset utilization, aiming ultimately towards profits elevation. In addition, the Group will closely monitor all external environments or changes in business territories in order to ensure that it could promptly and proactively respond with appropriate and flexible measures to mitigate or eliminate any negative impact or impacts that might affect the Group s business.
Advantages gained over the years by the Group in terms of shoreline resources, network layout, scale effect, management ability and customer service quality have gradually surfaced and the Group will strive to maintain its position as China s largest ports operator. At present, the Group s ports portfolios pan out at China s economically developed regions. The industrial and operational experiences accumulated by the Group will help to elevate the Group s overall operational and management qualities. The conservative investment strategies and prudent financial policies adopted and practised by the Group, together with a relatively low debt gearing ratio and sufficient cash on hand means that the Group is not only able to withstand the impact of a slowdown in foreign trade growth on its ports operations, but also able to make use of this opportunity to further streamline the operational processes at its ports thus achieving incremental cost saving. The Group is confident that, with market confidence recovering and global economy reviving after the crisis, the Group s business will grow again on a 
The Group has consistently placed great emphasis on investor relations and is fully committed to maintaining a high level of transparency in terms of prompt release to the investment community of relevant corporate information from corporate activities, operation data, to matters of financial interests.
Through various communications channels such as media, networks, road-shows and site visits, the Group has effected, and will continue to effect, useful dialogues with the investment market. The Group regards the need to maintain frequent and effective communications with investors as an important routine, through which it aims to gain increasingly level of confidence of the investment community.

The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

2008 has been a year of the extraordinary for the Group when its ports operations continued to display growth with a record-high throughput handled in excess of 50 million TEUs amid a drastic slowdown in the global economy. This performance has not only further consolidated the Group s leading position in the port industry of the PRC, but also marked a new milestone in the development progress of the Group s ports business. Taking this opportunity I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all our shareholders and business partners for their support for and their trust in the Group. I would also like to send my heartfelt gratitude to all directors and staff members of the Group for their hard work and excellent performance. In the coming year which will likely carry features of uncertainty and turbulence, I look forward to working with all of you, in the same way as we have been, towards striving for our common goals of corporate advancement and sustainable profitability.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
