marked another year of encouragement for the Group, during which the Group has achieved sustainable and fast developments that I am very proud of.
During the year under review, revolving around defined business strategies and integration goals, the Group has achieved satisfactory operation performance through further consolidating its positioning in strategic assets as well as strengthening internal operation control and business integration. Along with the expansion of the geographic network of the port assets and their respective scale of operation came the turning of the Group s ports business to a new level of 
I am pleased to present the Group s annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2007.
2007 marked another year of encouragement for the Group, during which the Group has achieved sustainable and fast developments that I am very proud of. During the year under review, revolving around defined business strategies and integration goals, the Group has achieved satisfactory operation performance through further consolidating its positioning in strategic assets as well as strengthening internal operation control and business integration. Along with the expansion of the geographic network of the port assets and their respective scale of operation came the turning of the Group s ports business to a new level of corporate advancement.

For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group s consolidated profit attributable to shareholders was HK$3,545 million, representing an increase of 39.6 % over that of the last year. Of this amount recurrent profit totaled HK$3,405 million, which grew 29.9% over the corresponding figure of HK$2,621 million in the previous year. The Group s basic earnings per share for the year under review were 149.53 HK cents, an increase of 36.6% over that of the last year.
In 2007, revenue of the Group amounted to HK$6,429 million and, when the proportionate share of turnover of its associates and jointly controlled entities was included, reached HK$24,424 million, an increase of respectively 47.3% and 35.4% over the corresponding figures for the previous year.

To reward shareholders for their unfailing support to the Group, the Board of Directors have resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 45 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of 20 HK cents, will give a total dividend of 65 HK cents per share for the whole year (or, a payout ratio of 44.1%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 4 July 2008 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 23 May 2008.
Review for the year In 2007, container throughputs handled by the Group s ports totaled 47.12 million TEUs, an increase of 17% year-on-year.
Of this throughputs volume, those handled by the Group s ports in Mainland China and Hong Kong increased 20% and 4%, respectively. In addition, the Group s ports handled 159 million tons of bulk cargo, a year-on-year increase of 7%.
During the year under review, the Group s ports continued to focus their operations on business integration and on-going internal improvement through optimizing operation efficiency of the assets portfolio and, in turn, profitability therefrom derived.
The significant consolidation mileage accomplished by the Group in gaining equity andor operational control at various assets or businesses has firmly anchored the Group s position in the Shenzhen West area: (i) it completed the equity alignment and secured overall control of Phases I, II and III of Shekou Container Terminal (SCT I, II and III); (ii) it completed the respective increase in equity stake of and direct control over Shenzhen Haixing Port and Mawan Container Terminal (Berths no. 0, no. 5, no. 6 and no. 7); (iii) the business operations of major bulk cargo ports at the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone were under the Group s direction combined, thereby producing a unified platform for bulk cargo handling in the area; and (iv) efforts which called for implementing, on joint and equitable basis among ports operators in the area, market development, environmental improvements and safety assurances have also recorded significant progress.
Not only have all these measures helped to further consolidate the Group s relationship with its customers and elevate its competitiveness, thereby enhancing its edge, they have also brought about a sustainable and fast development for its container business alongside a steadily increasing market share in the region.
In 2007, the Group s South China ports business has grown at rate that is higher than the market s average. In particular, the Group s container handling business at the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone has seen throughput grow faster than that of last year, mainly as a result of the Group s consolidation and integration efforts. During the year, evidently closer collaboration in business and production operations has been pursued among ports operators in the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone alongside the gradual emergence of a harmonious sharing and spreading of international shipping routes among these ports. The South China Sea Shuttle network a network of river barges operating in the Pearl River Delta area, has seen significant route expansion whereas operational devices enabling a vessel to simultaneously carry domestic and international cargoes were successfully implemented in the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone. Operational efficiency and terminal clearance process have continued to improve, aided by the continuous improvements in the ancillary environment and service facilities at the terminal zones. All the above-mentioned improvements have led to the elevation of the critical mass in efficiency of the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone to a higher level and further enhanced the proximity s competitive edge, thereby ensuring space for the Western Shenzhen Ports Zone to grow further. The ports business in Hong Kong has, as before, continued to show sign of growth albeit at a rate much smaller than those of the Group s other ports, alongside slowing in growth momentum. Both container and bulk cargo volumes handled by the Group s Zhangzhou Port recorded significant growth, reflecting remarkable increase specifically in its share of the container market in the proximity.
The Group s business in the Yangtze River Delta has continued to display strong growth momentum, supported and driven by the very vibrant economy in the region. Throughput volume handled by Ningbo Daxie Terminal grew more than one-fold alongside very noticeable improvement in scale, while volume at SIPG continued to maintain its fast track growth together with huge absolute increases. Both container and bulk cargo volumes handled by the Group s Zhangzhou Port recorded significant growth, reflecting remarkable increase specifically in its share of the container market in the proximity. Tianjin Port has also recorded satisfactory growth for the same period under review.
During the year, through intensive marketing efforts to secure support from shipping customers the Group s Qingdao Port has gathered sufficient momentum which led the port to break in the existing market. Concrete result is expected to materialize in 
The Group has adopted a proactive approach in coping with the changing economic and competitive environment that prevailed in 2007. Intensified directional guidance supported by thorough macro and micro market research was provided to the Group s ports assets, thereby preparing these ports with better ability to predict business trends and to control their operations. This has enabled the Group s ports operations to maintain their stable and fast track growth. In addition, the Group s ports-related logistics parks have reported satisfactory progress. Following upon the gradual rolling out of the sea-rail linked transportation mode in Western Shenzhen Ports Zone, the logistics park in the location is expected to constitute a strategic platform through which to further expand the Group s inland reach-out via such rail link and with which to further enhance its bonded capabilities in the future.
Overall, the Group has during 2007 implemented all business schemes planned for alongside a corresponding expansion of its operational capabilities and service mix. The year also marked a turning point for the Group to exhibit quantitatively its transformation from simply investing in ports assets to one that operates ports and from a mere cargo-handling operator to a conglomerate that offers comprehensive and integrated services at ports zones in a number of key economic regions, all in all reflecting the successful accomplishment of its corporate mission laid down at the beginning of this decade.
At the same time as the Group continues to strengthen its positioning in its container and ancillary logistics service business, it has also been closely monitoring the correlation between the throughput volume growth of China s resource- based bulk commodity imports and the country s economic development trends. The investment made in 2007 by the Group in Zhanjiang Port Group (in which the Group now holds 45% equity stake) represented the Group s successful entrance, in a significant scale for the first time, into China s southwestern coastal market. Not only has this investment enabled the Group to immediately share Zhanjiang Port s operation results. It has also facilitated the Group s access to the operation of resource-based bulk commodities in the proximity, thereby enriching the Group s service capabilities whilst providing the Group with another, and very stable, income stream. Moreover, the location has also helped supplement the Group s geographical reach-out of its container handling business network to include the South-western region of China, an area which the Group believes commands medium potential in this business segment.
During the year under review, the Group completely disengaged from its toll roads business by disposing its entire equity holding in China Merchants Holdings (Pacific) Limited. Its equity interest in the paint business of Valspar Hai Hong was also disposed. All these resulted in clearly reflecting the prominence of the Group s ports operation as its core business segment, to which the Group has been focusing, and will continue to focus, its resources for future development.

From the perspective of external macro-economic environment, global economic growth for the year of 2008 and beyond is expected to be negatively impacted by the sub-prime mortgage- led credit crisis originated in the U.S. and the consistently high oil price scenario. Nevertheless, such negative impact is likely to be offset to some extent by the economic forces stemmed from emerging markets in Asia like China, and India. The Group believes that while the economic conditions prevailing in 2008 may not compare as favourably as those in 2007, the continuing fast economic growth in Asia and that trade and economic co-operations among ASEAN member countries are expected to accelerate will inevitably lead to intensified trading activities in the region. In addition, further integration of the EU market brought about by the continuing unification of the EU countries will likely mitigate the growing pressure on trade and economy derived from Euro s currency appreciation, thereby stimulating trades from the Euro Zone to flow within Europe or to Asia which, in turn, further fuel the development of Asia- 
In fact, in recent years, trades between China and respectively the EU and ASEAN countries have seen rapid growth. According to statistics published by China General Customs Administration, China s total trade volume with the EU and ASEAN countries rose 27% and 26% respectively in 2007.
Collectively the EU and ASEAN countries have emerged as a major trade zone for China, with the total trade volume with these two regions accounted for over 25% of China s overall foreign trade and the EU continuing to be China s largest trade partner. As for this region, in addition, trades within the Far East and within the South East Asia also recorded very robust progresses. Based on the global growth trends of maritime transportation and container trade volumes, the container trade volumes for shipping routes between the East and the West still account for a relatively bigger share, of which trans-Pacific routes and Far East-Europe or South East Asia-Europe routes take up a majority slice. These factors combined will continue to provide a solid base from which to sustain the business of container handling terminals in Asia. With the panning out of the Group s assets at key locations along the coastal areas in China and in Hong Kong forming a network that actively services trades between China and the rest of the world, the Group will stand to benefit from the continuing and sustainable economic developments in the Asia-Pacific Region and in China in the years to come.
China s economic growth, measured in terms of its GDP, has been growing at annual rates of 10% or above for many years.
With a view to preventing its economy from overheating and to reduce inflationary pressures, China is expected to continue to implement conservative financial measures and necessarily stringent monetary policies. The Group maintains the view that the economic fundamentals for China with which to support its economic growth remain on the whole healthy and positive, with foreign trades (import and export) still being a major driving force. The supply chain established between China and respectively all its trade partners over the past two or more decades have induced such inertia, which, combined with the total competitiveness of China manufactured goods even after taken into account of the possible strengthening of Rmb against the US dollar, will likely continue to support China s international trade expansion albeit at growth rates relatively more moderate than those before. Therefore, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about China s macro-economic and foreign trade environment and hence the prospects of its ports operation in 2008.
The very satisfactory performance achieved in Western Shenzhen Ports Zone has not only demonstrated the consolidation strategies adopted and improvement efforts made by the Group since the beginning of this decade. It has also begun to reflect the gravity this proximity has gained, which will provide the Group a strong foothold in South China that will, for a long time in the future, support its corporate developments and expansion plans.
In 2008, the Group will continue to improve its port handling capacity and operation efficiency through on-going integration and consolidation so as to derive optimal advantages from its resources in ports and related assets. In addition, the Group will continue its integrating efforts to expand its capabilities in logistics parks at port zones in both southern China (Western Shenzhen Ports Zone) and in northern China (both Qiandao and Tianjin), which would supplement the Group s service capability at terminal. The Group will closely follow changes in China s cargoes logistics industry with a view to expanding its geographic reach-out, as and when appropriate, through operational or strategic tie-ups with in-land transportation modes if or so identified.
Furthermore, the Group will continue to intensify its resources in conducting market and industrial researches as well as in following and analyzing target markets overseas with a view to formulating prudent strategies, based on which for the Group to develop market overseas.
All in all, it is the Group s goal to capture the values out from owning and operating a network of ports assets along China s coastal line through increasingly satisfying customer demands by offering a range of comprehensive services, from which to seek steady and recurrent financial returns for its shareholders.

The Group takes very high regard on the confidence and trust its shareholders have exhibited to the Group and its management over the years. It has always placed great emphasis on shareholder and investor relations, and is fully committed to maintaining a high level of transparency and to promptly releasing information on all corporate matters to the investment public. In this regard, regular and timely communications with shareholders are conducted from time to time through various channels such as media, telecommunications network, roadshows, or other appropriate venues.

The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all our shareholders and business partners for their support. In addition, let me send my heartfelt gratitude to my fellow directors and all staff members of the Group for their devotion and hard work.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
Hong Kong, 15 April 2008 
