Chairman s Statement 
Having rallied as a team against a challenging business environment, I am pleased to report that Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited (the Group ) concluded another landmark performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2007 with both record-breaking revenue and profit. During the year, we have further strengthened the growth platform across our core businesses and scaled up our production capabilities. Our relentless efforts resulted in encouraging payoffs. On the back of strong revenue of HK$20.0 billion, the Group posted a new record of HK$2,618.7 million net profit, representing an increase of 20% over 2006 (excluding one-off exceptional items* in both financial years). The strong results are a solid testament to our persistent focus on sustainable growth following the successful implementation of our business model of vertical integration and diverse revenue sources.
Leveraging on the premier position in the market place, our laminate and printed circuit board ( PCB )divisions continued to advance market share and make positive contributions to the Group. In addition, the Group's chemical division posted impressive growth of 150% in earnings contribution over 2006 after accounting for the share of profits of our Hainan methanol joint venture. This clearly demonstrates that our chemical investments have started to bring in excellent returns. We have unwavering confidence in the Group's ability to shape the future as we have all the right ingredients in place to drive long-term sustainable growth and create ever increasing value for our shareholders.

To capitalize on the thriving demand for our quality laminate products, the Group continued to expand the laminate division in both southern and eastern parts of China in 2007. Being the largest global laminate supplier backed by the reliable support from upstream material production capabilities, the Group was able to make further penetration into both existing and new customers. As a result, revenue (including inter-segment sales) for the laminate division recorded a 25% growth to HK$10,276.2 million. Earnings before interest and tax ( EBIT ) was up 18% to HK$2,126.8 million over the previous year. Volume sales were up around 13% with the average monthly shipment reaching 8.3 million sq. meters. Revenue growth outpaced volume growth largely due to faster sales growth of glass epoxy laminates which commanded higher selling price than paper laminates. The capacity expansion in the new glass epoxy laminate plant in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province on top of our existing foothold at Kunshan, Jiangsu province has reinforced our presence in eastern China which accommodates an enlarging electronic industry cluster.

With regard to PCB division, we encountered some softening demand in the computer and peripherals segment in the first half of 2007. However, the computer market rebounded sharply in the second half. Together with steadily growing automotive and consumer electronic sectors, revenue for PCB division was up 14% to HK$7,601.2 million. However, EBIT slipped by 16% to HK$578.6 million from the previous financial year owing to (a) high volatility in raw materials prices; (b) under performance of Kaiping plants of Elec & Eltek; and (c) soft pricing environment in the first half of the year.

The chemical division continued to reap the benefits from a series of investments made in the past few years and achieved remarkable results in 2007. Revenue soared 35% to approximately HK$5,425.7 million and EBIT increased by 92% to HK$658.1 million in 2007. The cokemethanol plant in Hebei province excelled in its performance with EBIT surging 102% against 2006 because the ongoing coke industry consolidation in China has created a favourable operating environment for suppliers. Meanwhile, our new natural gas based methanol plant in Chongqing which commenced production in September 2007 contributed positively to the Group after some initial teething problems. The caustic soda plant in Hengyang, Hunan province also saw substantial earnings growth as a result of robust domestic demand. The new phenolacetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong province which started production in December 2007 created another growth dimension to our expanding chemical division. Our joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited yielded excellent return to our investment in spite of temporary disruption of natural gas supply in late 2007.

LiQUidity AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our financial and liquidity position continued to be strong. As at 31 December 2007, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$6,377.6 million (31 December 2006 - HK$9,467.1 million) and 1.89 (31 December 2006 - 2.90) respectively.
The net working capital cycle shortened from 96 days as at 31 December 2006 to 84 days as at 31 December 2007 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, reduced to 64 days (31 December 2006-73 days) Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, improved to 90 days (31 December 2006-97 days) Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, decreased to 70 days (31 December 2006 - 74 days) 
In 2007, the Group invested HK$4 billion in new production capacity and made deposits of HK$993.2 million for properties, plant and equipment. The Group also invested HK$1,084.5 million in investment properties so as to generate an inflow of steady and recurrent rental income. Furthermore, during the year, we paid the final and special dividend for the year ended 31 December 2006 of HK$832.8 million in May 2007 and interim dividend for the year ended 31 December 2007 of HK$251.4 million in September 2007 respectively. As a result, the Group's net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 17%. Net gearing ratio of the retained group (excluding Kingboard Laminates Holdings Limited and Elec & Eltek International Company Limited) was approximately 7%.
The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 24%: 76% (31 December 2006: 24%: 76%). In December 2007, we successfully arranged a HK$4 billion 5-year term loan of which HK$500 million was drawn as of 31 December 2007. Together with other bank facilities around HK$1 billion plus cash on hand of HK$3.5 billion, the Group is in a strong financial position to invest in future earnings growth. Only 7% of the bank borrowings was denominated in Renminbi and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. Subsequent to the 2007 year end, we have entered interest rate swap agreements of notional amount of HK$3.5 billion with reputable financial institutions in order to secure lower interest rates for part of our bank borrowings in the next few years. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group's revenue, mostly dominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2007, the Group had a global workforce of over 47,200 (31 December 2006: 42,900). The increase in headcount was in line with our ongoing expansion plan. In addition to offering competitive salary package, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance.

2008 marks the 20th anniversary of the Group and 15th anniversary of its listing in Hong Kong. With an excellent growth track record, we are confident that the competitive advantages gained in the past will enable the Group to seize new opportunities and continue to invest for sustainable growth. Although the recent slow down in the US economy has posted a challenge to the entire manufacturing sector, we believe, in light of our financial strength and well balanced business portfolio, the Group will continue to create shareholders value and, similar to other downturns in the past, make further advancement against our competitors.

Demand for laminates at the start of 2008 experienced brief softness due to seasonal effect of Chinese Lunar New Year. The power shortage and logistic bottleneck caused by the snowstorm in eastern and southern China provinces had caused temporary disruption to certain production facilities located in the north of Guangdong province for about one week. The affected operations have since then resumed full production. In view of fast growing PCB demand in emerging markets including China, we will continue capacity expansion at our laminate plants in Fogang, Guangdong province and Jiangyin, Jiangsu province to bring total laminate monthly production capacity to 11.3 million sq. meters, up 9.3% by the end of 2008. To capitalize on our broad customer base with diverse product requirements, the Group is continuously developing high end laminate products including thin and high performance laminates.

For the PCB division, the Group, similar to the laminate division, began the year with softening orders. Nevertheless, the rationalization efforts undertaken last year by Elec & Eltek which accounted for about 57% of total PCB division's turnover have laid down a concrete foundation for performance improvement. Moreover, our major expansion focus in the current year will be two high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB plants currently under construction in Kaiping, Guangdong province and Kunshan, Jiangsu province. Both plants are expected to be fully operational by year end of 2008. These new production facilities will address our untapped segments and hence add new momentum to the growth for the PCB division in due course.
Chemical division continues to be the strongest growth driver for the Group in coming years. The methanol demand in China is expected to grow robustly in the near future as the central government is interested in clean and alternative fuel to reduce pollution and reliance on crude oil import. The Group gains valuable know-how and experience from our successful coke methanol project in Hebei. We will complete three more coal based methanol projects with total new monthly capacity of 34,800 tonnes during 2008, namely, phase two of the coke methanol plant in Hebei province and the two joint venture coke gas based methanol projects in Shanxi province. Furthermore, in the first half of 2008, phase three of the caustic soda plant in Hengyang, Hunan province will commence operation, providing 8,300 tonnes new monthly capacity each of caustic soda and polyvinylchloride ( PVC ).
Pursuant to a sale and purchase agreement dated 1 February 2008, the Group sold its entire holding of 740,518,325 shares in G-Prop (Holdings) Limited ( G-Prop ) a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange, to Mass Rise Limited, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Chinese Estates Holdings Limited at a consideration of HK$120,777,000. As a result, the Group no longer holds any shares in G-Prop.

Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
CHEUNG Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2008 