CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
BUSINESS REVIEW
On behalf of the board (“Board”) of directors (“Directors”) of Kingboard
Chemical Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am delighted to report an
outstanding performance by the Company and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)
for the financial year ended 31 December 2016 (“FY2016”). During the year,
a shortage of upstream materials led to an undersupply situation in the
laminates market. With a competitive advantage built on a vertically integrated
production platform, the Group’s laminates division was able to significantly
lift productions and sales, thereby achieving a major breakthrough in its
performance. As the restructuring of the printed circuit board (“PCB”) division
began to deliver positive results, production efficiency was substantially
enhanced while orders continued to grow. Earnings contribution from this
division has grown steadily. With the rally in international oil price, chemical
prices have shown significant increases, driving the chemicals division to yield
a strong rebound. The property division also reported robust results, with
marked growth in the number of units pre-sold. Relying on an improvement
in the average selling price, the property division’s profit margin improved
overall.
BUSINESS REVIEW (continued)
Group revenue rose by 9% to HK$35,830.3 million in 2016, registering an
underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) of HK$3,283.5 million,
a significant increase of 89%. Basic earnings per share based on underlying
net profit were HK$3.193. During the year, the Group’s subsidiary, Kingboard
Laminates Holdings Limited, disposed of a subsidiary holding land for
commercial use in Shenzhen, Guangdong Province. As a result, the Group’s
reported net profit surged 205% to HK$5,026.8 million. Basic earnings per
share based on reported net profit were HK$4.889. The Group’s financial
position remains robust and the Board has therefore proposed a final dividend
of HK70 cents per share and a special final dividend of HK30 cents per share,
subject to shareholders’ approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK30
cents per share paid in October 2016, this will constitute a full-year dividend
of HK130 cents per share.
PERFORMANCE
The Group has been ranked as the world’s top one laminates producer for
more than ten consecutive years. This achievement is attributable to the
Group’s strong and comprehensive vertical integration business model. As
a result of undersupply, market prices of glass fabric and other upstream
materials rose significantly during the year, leading to several price increases
of laminates. The division’s profit margin thus grew significantly. Segment
turnover (including inter-segment sales) increased by 8% to HK$13,923.1
million, while earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation
(“EBITDA”) increased substantially by 32% to HK$3,093.0 million.
Benefitting from upgrades in telecommunications network equipment, as well
as the wide application of smart home appliances and automobile electronics,
the PCB division gained strong demand and recorded steady orders growth.
With the conclusion of its restructuring, the Elec & Eltek Group achieved an
earnings turnaround for the year, and is expected to be back on track to
positive contribution hereafter. The PCB division’s segment turnover was up
by 5% to HK$7,478.1 million, delivering an EBITDA of HK$873.7 million, an
increase of 19%.
The bottoming out of international oil price has driven the increase in the
prices of the Group’s chemical products. China’s further move to reduce
excess capacity has also brought evident improvement in the demand-supply
dynamics in the market. The profit margins for chemical products have thus
rebounded. Segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) increased by 3%
to HK$10,738.7 million, with EBITDA growing 21% to HK$1,106.6 million.
PERFORMANCE (continued)
The partial booking of pre-sales from Huaqiao Kingboard Yu Garden Phase
2, Zhangpu Kingboard Yu Garden, Kunshan Development Zone Kingboard
Yu Garden Phase 3, Qiandeng Kingboard Yu Garden Phase 2 and Jiangyin
Kingboard Yu Garden Phase 1 contributed property sales turnover of
HK$4,860.2 million during the year. Together with rental income of HK$625.9
million, segment turnover grew 35% to HK$5,486.1 million with EBITDA
increased by 72% to HK$1,699.6 million. Pre-sales activities during the year
generated contracted sales of HK$8,692.5 million on a contracted sales floor
area of 650,000 square metres. As at 31 December 2016, the Group held a
prime land bank in Shanghai and Kunshan with a gross floor area of over 4
million square metres.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
The Group’s financial and liquidity position continued to be robust. As at
31 December 2016, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were
approximately HK$12,176.1 million (31 December 2015: HK$20,190.8 million)
and 1.54 (31 December 2015: 2.24) respectively.
The net working capital cycle decreased from 57 days as at 31 December
2015 to 41 days as at 31 December 2016 on the following key metrics:
– Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, was 23 days (31
December 2015: 30 days).
– Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, was 53 days (31
December 2015: 64 days).
– Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, was 35
days (31 December 2015: 37 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
(continued)
The Group’s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings net of
cash and cash equivalents to total equity) significantly decreased from
38% as at 31 December 2015 to 24% as at 31 December 2016, while the
proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood
at 47%:53% (31 December 2015: 30%:70%). During the year, the Group
invested HK$840 million and HK$5.1 billion in new production capacity and
property development projects respectively. Backed by a highly experienced
professional management team, a sound business foundation and solid
financial strength, management is confident that these investments will deliver
stable and satisfactory returns to shareholders over the long term. Less than
1% of the Group’s bank borrowings were denominated in RMB, while the
remainder were in Hong Kong dollars or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. It did
not enter into any material derivative financial instruments, nor did the Group
have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. The Group’s
revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars,
was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating expenses.
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2016, the Group had a global workforce of approximately
41,800 (31 December 2015: 43,200). Through the continued increase in
the level of automation at its plants, the Group was able to streamline its
manpower. This has enabled the Group to raise efficiency while controlling
costs. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants
share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the
Group overall financial achievements and individual employee performance.
The Group’s continued success relies on a solid human resources strategy,
part of which involved the establishment of the Kingboard Institute of
Management to provide management training for middle and senior managers
of the Group. The Group also recruits fresh graduates from both mainland
China and Hong Kong each year in its search for talents to nurture. In future,
the Group will continue its efforts in developing and retaining staff through
its management training schemes, in order to sustain its long-term growth
momentum.
PROSPECTS
Management has complete confidence in the prospects for the Group’s
development in 2017. The Group’s multi-year investments in operational
enhancements for its four core divisions have put it among the industry’s top
players in terms of R&D capabilities, production efficiency and environmental
standards. Riding on the significant recovery of the global business
environment, the Group looks forward to driving its performance further to
deliver greater returns to shareholders.
Looking ahead to 2017, the tight supply of upstream materials and laminates
is unlikely to improve over the short term due to the lengthy process involved
in capacity expansion. Thus there is room for upward price adjustments in
those products. In view of the strong market demand and considering further
supply-demand dynamics in the market, laminates division plans to expand
its capacity for glass fabric and other upstream materials, as well as that for
laminates.
Driven by the replacement demand brought by the upgrading of smartphone
devices, the demand for high density interconnect (“HDI”) PCB remains
robust. The proliferation of smart home appliances, coupled with the
introduction of new homes to the market, has helped to sustain a growing
order for PCB used in home appliances. To cater to the keen market
demand, the PCB division plans to add automated production facilities to its
plant, while optimizing its product portfolio.
The chemicals division is constantly investing in environmental protection
facilities in order to create a highly efficient and sustainable low-carbon
production platform. It is expected that China will continue to phase out
those chemical enterprises of weak performance in operating efficiency
and environmental standards. Apart from the tightening of approval for new
chemical capacities, the cost of production also increases, which will raise the
industry’s entry barrier. Management therefore anticipates further reduction in
market supply, and subsequently steady earnings growth for the division.
Shanghai Kingboard Plaza Phase 1, located in Changning District, Shanghai,
was completed during the second half of 2016. The Group also acquired a
commercial property in London, the United Kingdom. These two projects are
expected to drive significant growth in the property division’s rental income
in 2017. The Group has also scheduled the pre-sale of its residential projects
in Kunshan, Jiangsu Province, with a view to expediting cash returns from its
developments. In respect of its land bank, the Group will adopt a prudent and
pragmatic approach before considering any expansion plans.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my
sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management
and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 24 March 2017