Chairman s Statement 2010 marked another year of the Group s achievements in key areas having intensified the strategy of forging deeper cooperation among coastal ports in China, enhanced the consolidation of homebase ports, reflected demonstrable results through further refinement in operational management, and successfully rolled out ground-breaking-wise the Group s efforts in developing projects overseas. Putting behind the difficult environment encountered in 2009, the Group s container terminal operating business rebounded entirely and rapidly during 2010, thus enabling the Group to deliver here another set of record-high 
It gives me great pleasure to present the Group s annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 
2010 marked another year of the Group s achievements in key areas having intensified the strategy of forging deeper cooperation among coastal ports in China, enhanced the consolidation of homebase ports, reflected demonstrable results through further refinement in operational management, and successfully rolled out ground-breaking-wise the Group s efforts in developing projects overseas. Putting behind the difficult environment encountered in 2009, the Group s container terminal operating business rebounded entirely and rapidly during 2010, thus enabling the Group to deliver here another set of record-high operating results.
Simultaneously as the Group was sustainably forging deeper cooperation among its different port assets while improving and enhancing the facilities and their ancillary support service environment within which the Group s core ports business functions, the Group has been actively developing new projects, leading to the conclusion of a number of transactions, including business and strategic tie-ups in both domestic and international projects, thereby laying the foundation for the Group s business to grow in the future. Although the negative impact induced by the financial crisis to the maritime industry began to subside in 2010, uncertainties in external environments have continued to weigh on ports operating businesses. In the face of such complexity, the Group has sought to raise the operating efficiency of its existing assets by excavating value hidden within the internal operation flow. Treading on the positive results achieved by effective cost control measures implemented in the first half of the year, the Group has continued to further refine its operational management and effectively control cost during the second half of the year with a view to expanding the scale of such positive effects and, ultimately, resulting in further improvement of the Group s overall profitability from its port projects. For the year under review, a recovered maritime industry alongside the successful execution of strategies mapped out for the Group s business operation and effective implementation of internal control measures combined have all contributed to the Group s significant increase in its 
For the year under review, the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to HK$5,876 million, representing an increase of 81.5% over that of last year. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled to HK$4,346 million, up 67.9% when compared to that for the same period of last year. The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core ports operation, relative to the Group s total, dropped to 73.6% from 85.9% for the same period last year.
In 2010, the Group recorded revenue of HK$5,811 million, representing an increase of 62.0% year-on-year.

The Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 78 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of HK$1.03 per share for the whole year (giving a payout ratio of 43%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 25 July 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 9 
Review for the year In 2010, China s external trade grew significantly. Statistics of the General Administration of Customs of the PRC revealed that the total value of China s import and export in China s external trade in 2010 reached a historical peak, having jumped 34.7% over that for the same period last year. Benefited from the recovered economy and trade, container volume handled by the Group s ports operation also peaked at a record high level. During the year under review, the Group handled 52,280,000 TEUs, an increase of 19.2% over last year with satisfactory performance respectively achieved by the Group s container ports located along China s coastal economic regions.
The throughput of bulk cargoes handled by the Group s ports in 2010 totaled 281,000,000 tonnes, an increase of 21.1% over that of last year.
During 2010, the Group has closely adhered to the principal of emphasizing, on equal basis, on quality, efficiency and effectiveness in further refining its operational management.
Through adopting converting measures which enable loading rubber-tired gantry cranes ( RTG ) to consume (the more cost- effective) electricity instead of diesel (the diesel to electricity programme) and optimizing operational processes, the Group has successfully lowered the standard in coal consumption per (cargo) ton as well as the cost for diesel oil and electricity, claiming significant social and economic benefits whilst delivering the Group s philosophy in operating green ports. In the year, the Group has also had a number of achievements in the technological reform of port facilities and in the improvement of handling processes. Notably is the technology developed, owned and implemented by the Group s ports of deploying an insulated conducting system with auto drive-in solution for the electricity-abled vehicle (an operational part of a RTG) which enables an eRTG to automatically connect hence assuring operational continuity without having to source another power supply. This system is the first in the world to produce instant and successful connection and an application to seek international patent registration is under way. The project has also been designated as a model project by China s Ministry of Communications. Under the guidance directives to constantly refine operational management, the Group has endeavoured to mobilize internal initiatives alongside effectively utilising resources, standardising operational procedures, integrating information systems, managing customers and commercial activities and effectively controlling costs and capital utilisation with a view to enhancing the overall efficiency and effectiveness of the Group s existing assets.
During the year under review, in continuing its efforts to further improving the competitiveness of its homebase assets in Western Shenzhen through establishing better synergy among its port assets in the proximity, the Group has progressed significantly. During the year, the Group has aligned into strategic partnership with Chu Kong Shipping Development Company Limited ( CKSD ) and, furthermore, has acquired a stake in CKSD s subsidiary, Chu Kong River Trade Terminal Company Limited ( CKRTT ). This is expected to further enhance the Group s service capability in accessing the economic hinterland of the Pearl River Delta. By acquiring the custody of the equity interests held by Guangdong Guangye Investment Holdings Limited ( Guangye ) in China Nanshan Development (Group) Incorporation ( Nanshan Group ), the Group has achieved financial consolidation with Nanshan Group, with whom the Group could then forge a closer collaboration, thereby allowing the Group to increase its influence over the Shenzhen Western Port Zone. This would also pave the way for closer cooperation and development in respect of enhancing the Group s internal integrated logistics services in the future. Leveraging on the policy incentives carried by the Shenzhen Qianhaiwan Bonded Port Zone ( SQBPZ ) combined with the Group s ancillary warehousing and integrated logistics services offered in the Bonded Port Zone, the Group expects to attract more trunk routes to call at the Shenzhen Western Port Zone. In 2010, the Shenzhen Western Port Zone handled in excess of 10,000,000 TEUs, totaling at 11,690,000 TEUs, representing a record-high throughput and a growth of 24% year-on-year, a rate higher than Shenzhen s total.
2010 marked the first year of operation for the SQBPZ, during which both the number of logistics service-providing corporates moving into the SQBPZ and the volume of cargoes handled have continued to substantially rise, fully reflecting the development strategy and concept of advantage in scale of the SQBPZ: port with scale, customs clearance with scale, logistics support with scale, economic hinterland with scale .
At the moment, as an inaugurating unit in the Qianhai Shenzhen Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone, the SQBPZ has basically accomplished the interim objective initially laid down by the Shenzhen Municipal Government and the Shenzhen Customs of creating in Qianhaiwan a benchmark for China s bonded port zones . The SQBPZ is expected to cast a strong radiating as well as gravitating effect on the foreign trade and the economic development of Shenzhen and Hong Kong, and the Pan-Pearl River Delta Region. The Group will leverage on the establishments of and advantages offered by SQBPZ to continue to drive faster the development of its homebase ports in Shenzhen, based on prevailing market demand and by combining SQBPZ s policy functions and Shenzhen Qianhai s status pursuant to the development plan already established with a view to capturing the development opportunities available whilst seeking innovative business 
Against a background of increasing integration of global economy and trade, China, being a key state in international trade, will continue to play an important role in global trade activities. In anticipation of the competition in and the development trend of the integrated ports logistics industry within future s trade activities, in endeavouring to nurture new growth drivers that are ports-logistics integrated, the Group together with the world s largest cold chain logistics operator, Americold Realty Trust ( Americold ) has established joint ventures under the names of, respectively, China Merchants Americold Holdings Company Limited and China Merchants Americold Logistics Company Limited (collectively, known as CMAC ), to be controlled and managed by the Group. CMAC, which captures the respective advantages of the Group and of Americold such as relevant brand name recognition, ports network and expertise in cold chain logistics service, will strive to develop into a leading national cold chain logistics service- provider in China to offer professional and first-class cold chain distribution and logistics services to local and multinational 
Following upon the establishment of the joint venture in container handling operations in Qingdao by the Group and Qingdao Port (Group) Co., Ltd. ( QPG ) last year, the Group has this year sought further cooperation with QPG in operating a bulk cargo terminal. Such cooperation between the Group and QPG not only avails the Group with an even broader space for the Group s participation in the Bohai Rim s ports operation but also assures both parties a mutually winning situation in business development. The impact of such a cooperation mode has led to, respectively, a total container throughput of 1,100,000 TEUs and of bulk cargo throughput of 16,800,000 tonnes, handled by the Group s Qingdao terminals.
Also in 2010, the Group acquired 47.5% equity interests of the Tin-Can Island Container Terminal Limited ( TICT ) in Nigeria from ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Limited ( ZIM ), marking the official commencement of the Group s expansion into overseas markets. On 16 September 2010, the Sri Lankan Port Authority issued a non-binding Letter of Intent to the consortium of which the Group is part, naming the consortium as the potential winning bidder in respect of the project for the development and operation of the South Container Terminal of Colombo Port. Currently under way is to agree on pertinent terms for the project such as the shareholders agreement. On 29 April 2010, the Vietnam project joint venture agreement was signed. In progress are also procedures pursuant to the relevant rules and regulations.

With 2010 having experienced a better-than-expected growth in its ports operations, the Group anticipates growth to necessarily decelerate in this coming year. In the mean time, the Group is of the view that, while uncertainties around the global economy and hence new challenges will continue to exist in 2011, the trend of globalization will continue along with closer economic and trade cooperation that will, in turn, encourage progress and development of our society. Moreover, China s economy is on the course of turning from recovery to sustainable growth that the Group believes will continue to avail the Group with favorable external environments in which for ports to operate. Overall, the Group is positive about the prospects of business growth in 2011.
From the perspective of the Group s internal management and development strategy, 2011 will continue to see the Group intensify further its operational refinement, capitalising on the experience and results accumulated over the past years with a view to consolidating and alleviating the efficiency of our existing businesses, nurturing new growth drivers by developing the cold chain logistics business as well as developing with a prudent approach new markets overseas all for the goal of ensuring and enhancing the Group s total competitiveness.
In 2011, the Group aims to enhance the intensity of consolidating the port assets at the Shenzhen Western Port Zone in the areas of information technology, terminal operations and coordination in resource application in order to derive enhanced synergy along with improved operating efficiency and profitability. With the successful roll-out of the strategic cooperation with CKSD s river terminals along the Pearl River, the Group expects to be in a position to expand more significantly its reach-out and hence its influence over the Pearl River Delta economic hinterland. In anticipation of the gradual relocation of assembling and manufacturing businesses from the Pearl River Delta into China s inland, the Group will continue its efforts to expand the sea-rail inter-modal network so as to expand the coverage of its homebase ports in Shenzhen. In addition, taking advantage of the unprecedented opportunity offered under the Development Plan for Cooperation between Shenzhen and Hong Kong in Modern Service Industries at Qianhai, the Group will endeavour to explore business development possibilities in the future. Tracking the evolving trend of China s trade, the Group will leverage upon the service platform of its cold chain logistics business through the CMAC joint venture to strive to become China s leading national provider of cold chain logistics service. At the same time as the Group anchors its foothold in the domestic market while consolidating and expanding further its port projects in Mainland China, the Group will intensify its brand building efforts including undertaking promotional activities overseas. The Group will continue to closely follow potential investment projects with a view to steadily moving forward overseas, trailing behind the Group s investment in Nigeria.
The Group has, having weathered the negative impact brought about by the global financial crisis, certainly landed at a newer level that has equipped the Group with stronger and better capabilities with which to carry out operational management internally and to address challenges derived from changes in the external environment. Although the global economy and international trade may pace slower in 2011, the Group firmly believes that not only will the growth momentum continue, the advantages that China s manufacturing sectors and hence exports from China have been commanding will also remain intact and are unlikely to be replaced by other regions in the foreseeable term. Growing domestic consumption demand in China, in addition, lends another support to the sustainable development of the country s ports industry. Its position in leaning on the China economy along with its going global strategy in overseas development will no doubt avail the Group with sufficient breadth in business development in the future.
At the same time as it seeks to optimize shareholders interests, the Group will continue to promote environmental protection and commit itself to incorporate the concept of sustainable development into operational activities. Besides, the Group will unremittingly involve itself in activities for energy conservation, reduction in emissions discharge and social welfare and charity in fulfilling its social responsibility and due obligations as a good 
The Group as always places great emphasis on investor relations and is fully committed to ensuring a high level of information transparency be maintained with the investment community. Of prime importance is the prompt release to the investment community of relevant corporate information - from corporate activities, operation data, to matters of financial interests. The Group has always maintained highly effective interaction and communication with the investment community.
More than 300 visits by investors and analysts were received by the Group during the year, in addition to numerous tours arranged for investors to visit the Group s projects and to meet with the management. The Group continues to maintain smooth relationships with shareholders in the United States, Europe and Asia through roadshowing activities. The Group recognizes that prompt and effective communication is key to winning the confidence of the investment community, and will ensure that this is closely adhered to.

The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively. During the year, both rating agencies have in July and November changed their outlook on the Group to positive , reflecting their respective positive view on global trade and hence on the ports 
Whilst the remarkable results achieved by the Group in 2010 were derived from the resumed growth of the global economy and trade as well as China s sustainable economic growth, these achievements also depended on the undivided efforts dedicated by our staff in execution and implementation. In 2010, the Group succeeded in capturing the opportunity of the recovery of the ports industry by closely adhering to further reining operational management, steadily implementing the business strategies laid down, and achieved results that were better than originally projected. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all shareholders, business partners and parties who care about and have supported the Group s development and business during the year. I would also like to send my heartfelt gratitude to all staff of the Group for their hard work and tremendous efforts put in, without which the Group could not have achieved what it has this year.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
