Chairman s Statement 
I am delighted to report a set of resilient results for Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited (the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 ( FY2015 ). The year saw sluggish growth among major economics worldwide, with the rebound in the Eurozone weaker than expected and slowed activity in emerging markets. At the same time, mainland China was experiencing an economic reform amid a continuous decline in petroleum and bulk commodity prices. As a result, chemical industry was faced with a difficult operating environment and the Group s chemical division s performance was negatively impacted. However, the development of high- speed telecommunications networks, coupled with technological innovations in smart applications and the Internet of Things, has created a huge market for the high-ended electronics sector. During the year, the laminates and printed circuit board ( PCB ) divisions both recorded satisfactory results. The property division has also entered the harvesting phase. With the booking of several projects, this division contributed considerable earnings to the Group.
BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) With a focus on high technology and high-value-adding manufacturing businesses, the Group has equipped with a diversified division portfolio which gives a strong resilience against market fluctuations. Group revenue in 2015 showed a drop of 9% over the previous year to HK$32,788.2 million, delivering an underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) of HK$1,774.1 million, a decrease of 1%. Basic earnings per share based on underlying profit were HK$1.730. In the absence of new completions of investment properties, the gain on property valuation was lower than that of the corresponding period last year. As a result, reported net profit decreased by 35% to HK$1,650.3 million, with basic earnings per share based on reported net profit amounting to HK$1.609. The Group s financial position remained robust,and the Board has proposed a final dividend of HK30 cents per share, subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK20 cents per share paid in October 2015, this will constitute a full-year dividend of HK50 cents per share, representing a payout ratio of 
The demand-supply dynamics in the laminates industry continued to improve, driving strong demand for high-performance laminates during the year.
Seizing this window of opportunity, the Group has expanded the production of glass epoxy laminates ( FR4 ), leading to a 1% increase in laminates shipments. As raw material costs dropped significantly during the period, the selling prices of products were adjusted down, resulting in a 4% year-on-year decrease in segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) to HK$12,882.4 million. But benefitting from a smaller adjustment in laminates selling price relative to the drop in material costs, the profit margin has improved, driving earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) up by 11% to HK$2,345.6 million.
Sustaining efforts to explore the production of high-value-adding PCB products with high technical requirements, the PCB division was able to continually increase the output of multi-layer and high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB, fulfilling strong demand from downstream products such as mobile phones and telecommunications and automotive-related products.
The restructuring of Elec & Eltek Group progressed smoothly, and its business has shown a rebounding trend since the second half of the year.
The PCB division recorded a 5% decline in segment turnover to HK$7,103.8 million, of which HDI PCB sales contributed 22% of the division s total.
EBITDA rose 5% to HK$733.1 million.

The chemical division came under the dual impact of a drop in petroleum prices and weakened demand in mainland China, causing chemical product prices to slide. The chemical division therefore recorded a 27% decline in segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) to HK$10,387.0 million.
EBITDA was down 33% to HK$916.9 million. Share of associates (the bulk of which was contributed by the natural gas-based methanol joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited) resulted a loss of HK$12.2 million.
A number of sales properties were completed consecutively during the period under review. Part of the proceeds from the pre-sales of Huaqiao Yu Garden Phase II, Qiandeng Yu Garden Phase II, and Zhangpu Yu Garden were booked during the second half of the year. Taking into account the full booking of pre-sales proceeds from Huaqiao Yu Garden Phase I during the first half, sales revenue surged to HK$3,505.4 million. Together with rental income of HK$552.1 million, the property division reported a turnover of HK$4,057.5 million, a significant increase of 51%. Contracted sales of HK$2,357.0 million were registered on total contracted sales floor area of 234,000 square metres. As at 31 December 2015, the Group held a prime land bank in Shanghai and Kunshan measuring a gross floor area of over 5 million square metres.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Group s financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2015, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$20,190.7 million (31 December 2014: HK$16,934.4 million) and 2.24 (31 December 2014: 1.82) respectively.
The net working capital cycle was increased from 51 days as at 31 December 2014 to 57 days as at 31 December 2015 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 30 days (31 December 2014: 33 days).
Trade receivables, in terms of debtor turnover days, was 64 days (31 December 2014: 59 days).
Trade and bills payable, in terms of creditor turnover days, was 37 days (31 December 2014: 41 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 38% (31 December 2014: 42%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 30%:70% (31 December 2014: 44%:56%). During the year under review, the Group invested HK$1.5 billion and HK$4.2 billion in new production capacity and property development projects respectively. With a professional and seasoned management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive long-term returns to our shareholders. Less than 1% of the Group s bank borrowings were denominated in RMB, while the remainder were in Hong Kong dollars or US 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. It did not enter into any material derivative financial instruments, nor did the Group have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a global workforce of approximately 43,200 (31 December 2014: 45,300). Through the continued increase in the level of automation at its plants, the Group was able to streamline its manpower where low efficiencies were recorded. This has enabled the Group to raise efficiency while controlling costs. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the Group s overall financial achievement and employees individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. The Kingboard Institute of Management was established to provide management training for middle and senior managers of the Group. The Group also recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in its search for and nurture of talents. In future, the Group will continue its efforts in developing and retaining staff through its management training schemes, in order to drive its 
Management holds confidence in the Group s development in 2016, and looks forward to achieving breakthroughs in its industrial and property 
Laminates sales continue to show strong momentum during the first quarter of 2016. In particular, the production of FR4 used in high-ended electronic products is close to full capacity. Management has started to identify appropriate acquisition targets with a view to satisfying the strong demand from downstream industries, and as a means to expedite market 
PCB orders are also growing on the back of robust demand from smartphones, telecommunications base stations, servers and automotive- related sectors. The Group s HDI PCB production is beginning to experience an undersupply. It is therefore planning to expand investments on equipment for HDI PCB manufacturing to a higher level of automation. The Group is also considering acquiring existing HDI PCB capacities when necessary. As the restructuring of Elec & Eltek Group is about to conclude, it is expected that the division s research and development capability and product quality will be greatly enhanced. Management hopes to achieve profitability for this division 
Chemical prices continue to hover at low levels owing to global economic fluctuations and low petroleum prices. However, as mainland authorities launch and implement policies to eliminate excess capacity and reduce companies taxes and expenditures, the market imbalance of upstream chemical industries is expected to be improved. The Group will strive to better utilize its existing capacities and to lower production costs, while at the same time transforming its facilities to a highly efficient and low-carbon mode.
The division is fully prepared to capture the opportunities arising from the forthcoming market revival.
The mainland property market has picked up immensely on sales activity on the back of a series of supportive government policies and a loosened capital environment. It is therefore expected that the pre-sales of the Group s residential projects in Kunshan will be much accelerated. In line with current market conditions, the property division will accelerate its planned sales launches in order to speed up cash flow returns to the Group. Another core property, Shanghai Kingboard Plaza Phase I, is due for completion in the near term, achieving satisfactory progress in pre-leasing. In the next few years until 2018, the Group will see the completion of at least one large-scale commercial property every year. These successive completions are expected to deliver a stable growing stream of rental income for the Group. Adopting a pragmatic strategy, the Group plans to prudently increase its land bank with a view to increasing returns to shareholders.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2016 