Chairman’s Statement
BUSINESS REVIEW
It gives me great pleasure to report that Kingboard Chemical
Holdings Limited (“the Group”) continues to grow from strength
to strength. Our focus on core business and values has brought
us another year of record-breaking turnover and profits in
financial year 2005, for the third year in a row.
The integration of Elec & Eltek Group into the Group following
our acquisition in last financial year end went on smoothly
and effectively. Since April 2005, we have started supplying
critical raw materials such as prepreg, copper foil, copper
clad laminates and other essential materials to Elec & Eltek
Group. In addition, the synergy brought by the alliance of all
our printed circuit board (“PCB”) subsidiaries including Elec
& Eltek Group has enabled us to enhance our technical
capability and flexibility as well as to obtain better terms from
suppliers. Besides, our business spectrum has further widened
by taking over the other two business segments of Elec &
Eltek Group, namely Liquid Crystal Display (“LCD”) and
Magnetic Products. In short our enlarged business via this
acquisition benefits from more new dynamic opportunities and
synergy in core competencies, geographical presence,
technology, customers and suppliers.
With a good spread of businesses across the core product
segments, our performance for the year reflects the Group’s
resilience through challenging times and the importance of
maintaining a balanced business portfolio. We have also raised
the standards of our internal business processes and internal
controls which will certainly put us in good stead as we move
forward.
In late 2005 for the six consecutive years the Group was
named by the Forbes magazine as one of the world’s best
small companies. It may be the last time for us to receive this
honour as the Group’s sales is now beyond the entry criteria
of annual sales being less than US$1 billion.
Amidst the many challenges in the present volatile world
economy, 2005 was a year of excellent performance for the
Group.
Including the contribution from Elec & Eltek Group, the
Kingboard Group’s revenue and earnings before interest and
tax (“EBIT”) rose 85% and 53% to HK$13.1 billion and
HK$2,063.2 million respectively. Profit for the year attributable
to equity holders of the parent, despite adversely impacted by
higher interest expenses, effective tax rate, and profit sharings
with minority interests, increased by 30% to reach HK$1,435.8
million in the financial year just ended.
Excluding contribution from Elec & Eltek Group, the Group
recorded a 42% improvement in revenue to HK$9,519.2 million
and, after deducting the interest expenses incurred for the
acquisition of Elec & Eltek Group, a 15% increase in net profit
to HK$1,251.6 million.
PERFORMANCE
All key business segments experienced different patterns of
fluctuation in order booking throughout the year. This reflects
the inherent value of the Group’s balanced business portfolio.
Despite a slow start in 2005 the electronics industry was
considered to perform well in most part of 2005 amidst the
interest rate hikes and rising oil price. We continued to broaden
our market share in both paper and glass epoxy laminate
businesses. The laminate division recorded 41% growth in
revenue to HK$5,884.8 million, and 16% increase in EBIT to
HK$1,217.3 million in this financial year. Volume sales were
up by around 25% with monthly shipment hitting 6.4 million
sq. meters, indicating our continued momentum to gain market
share. EBIT margin fell slightly to 20.7%. The new glass yarn
capacities coming on stream worldwide during the first half of
2005 had been gradually absorbed by the emerging market
demand, allowing more balanced supply and demand of glass
yarn and hence reversing the down-trend of glass epoxy
laminate prices. Paper laminate market conditions were
favorable throughout the year. Our unrivaled and leading
position in the paper laminate industry continued to enable
the Group to enjoy a satisfactory return.
With positive growth in the global PCB demand, coupled with
continuous outsourcing of components in China, the Group
becomes a clear beneficiary of this expanding regional business
opportunity. Bolstered in part by the successful integration
with Elec & Eltek Group, the Group achieved a 188% increase
in revenue in this financial year to HK$5,284.2 million and
EBIT margin improved to 10.7%. Excluding contribution from
Elec & Eltek Group, the PCB business of the Group posted a
23% solid revenue growth. The growth was broad based across
all of major applications with particular strength noted in the
consumer electronics.
The Group’s investment in the chemicals division in the
previous years continued to bear fruits in 2005. Leveraging on
economies of scale, the Group managed to absorb the
escalating feedstock and energy costs without an adverse
impact on profitability. The caustic soda plant in Hengyang of
Hunan province completed its expansion in August 2005 and
the increased output has been fully taken up by its customers
in the southern China region. Revenue for the chemicals
division, excluding contribution from Coke, rose to HK$2,472.3
million in 2005, 32% higher than last financial year. EBIT
margin improved to 8.4% from 6.1% a year ago. Including the
contribution from Coke, revenue for the chemicals division
surged by 70% to HK$3,195.3 million and EBIT margin
reduced to around 5.3%. The coke-methanol plant, adversely
affected by the delayed ramping up and start-up costs of
methanol production facilities, incurred losses in the financial
year but has become profitable in the first two months of the
current year.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES
Our consolidated financial position continued to be healthy.
As at 31 December 2005, net current assets and current ratio
of the Group were approximately HK$2,857.3 million (31
December 2004 – HK$206 million) and 1.56 (31 December
2004 – 1.03) respectively.
Net working capital cycle increased slightly from 102 days as
at 31 December 2004 to 103 days as at 31 December 2005
on the following key metrics:
– Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, shortened
to 66 days (31 December 2004 – 80 days)
– Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days,
improved to 106 days (31 December 2004 – 107 days)
– Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover
days, decreased to 69 days (31 December 2004 – 85
days)
The Group’s ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash to
equity attributable to equity holders of the parent (“net gearing
ratio”) decreased to 67% (31 December 2004 – 96%) and
further dropped to 58% if excluding bank borrowings of EEIC
on non-recourse basis. This improvement was achieved mostly
through a mix of the issuance of 40 million new shares to
institutional investors and the conversion of around 20.0 million
warrants to new shares, raising the net proceeds of more than
HK$1.27 billion.
The Group’s borrowings portfolio has shifted towards longterm
based funding after refinancing one-year bridging loan
facilities with 5-year term loan and revolving loan facilities in
June 2005. The mix of short term and long term bank
borrowings was 33%: 67% (31 December 2004 – 53%: 47%).
Approximately 1% of the bank borrowings were denominated
in Renminbi and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars. The
Group has entered into interest rate swap agreements, covering
more than 65% of the Group’s borrowings, to manage the
increasing interest rates with a weighted average duration of
1.8 years at the end of December 2005.
The appreciation of Renminbi against the US dollars had posed
minimum impact on the Group’s performance since the Group’s
revenue are substantially denominated in Hong Kong dollars,
US dollars and Renminbi in a proportion closely matching
with the Group’s operational expenses.
HUMAN RESOURCES
As at 31 December 2005, the Group had a global staff force
of over 37,600 (31 December 2004: 31,600). The increase in
the number of employees was mainly due to our continuous
business growth. Apart from the competitive salary package,
share options and discretionary bonuses are also granted to
eligible employees based on the Group’s financial achievement
and individual’s performance.
PROSPECTS
2006 looks set to be another exciting year as the current
macro-indicators are still auguring well for the Group’s business
developments, and all manufacturing facilities within the Group
have been operating near full capacity since the beginning of
the current year.
Robust demand for both paper and glass epoxy laminates
remains unabated. The Group stands ready to capitalize on our
leading market position established over the past years. We will
further expand our production capacity of glass epoxy laminate
in Fogang, Guangdong province and will soon start the
construction of a new glass epoxy laminate factory in Jiangyin,
Jiangsu province. In addition, the installation of new paper
laminate production line in Kunshan, Jiangsu province and the
relocation of paper laminate facilities from Shenzhen to Fogang,
Guangdong province are expected to complete by the first half
of year 2006. These new capacities will enable the Group to
ride on more business opportunities in China as well as overseas
markets including the fast growing Indian market.
Demand for PCB manufactured in China is expected to
continuously grow faster than the rest of the world, as the PCB
facilities located in high cost countries such as North America,
Europe and Japan have become less competitive. Our
established global footprint supported by the Group’s combined
PCB production facilities being the largest in China will warrant
us to be the prime beneficiary of the current globalization trend.
New production line installation at various plant locations is on
schedule and projected to add an additional monthly capacity
of 1.4 million square feet by the end of 2006. In addition we
will continue to focus on strengthening the alliance of different
PCB shops under the Group in order to take advantage of the
economies of enlarged scale.
The Group’s chemicals division continues to anticipate
substantial growth over the next few years. A new epoxy resin
plant alongside the planned glass epoxy laminate factory will
be set up in Jiangyin, Jiangsu province. The construction of
the methanol plant by our joint venture with CNOOC’s chemical
division in Hainan province is on schedule with trial production
target in the third quarter of 2006. The setting up of the
methanol plant in Chongqing and the phenol and acetone
plant in Huizhou, Guangdong province is underway and both
plants will commence operation in 2007. In furtherance, the
Group is exploring the opportunity to utilize our know-how of
coke-based methanol production process to manufacture
methanol in Shanxi province.
The electronic components business comprising LCD and
magnetic products is expected to deliver another set of
favorable performance in the current year. The Group will
continue to build on our strong partnership with customers by
aligning our new product design closely with customers’
technology roadmaps as well as offering breakthrough process
capabilities. On this front our new production facilities in
Qingyuan and Luoding, Guangdong province for our LCD and
magnetic products respectively will help meet the growth of
customer demand.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
It has been a challenging yet fulfilling mission to keep the
Group at the forefront of the industry on the global platform.
For that I, on behalf of the Board, would like to express
gratitude to our shareholders, customers, and business
associates for their continuous support. In addition I would
like to thank our employees for their passion and dedication
in preparing the Group for future growth. Last, but not the
least, I personally wish to thank our fellow Board members for
their invaluable contributions to the Group.
CHEUNG Kwok Wing
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 March 2006