Chairman s Statement 
In the financial year 2004, we reaped strong results of past hard work and laid down a new foundation for excellent growth prospects. Not only our laminate division had been able to fully capitalize on the recovery of the electronics industry and continued to gain market share with competitive vertically integrated production facilities, several major initiatives implemented during the year such as acquiring Elec & Eltek group, increasing our controlling stake in Techwise Circuits to 90%, and developing a few natural resources based chemical plants, our Board is fully convinced, will enable the Group to achieve more balanced and sustained growth in the long term.
Although our balance sheet has been more leveraged as a result of the purchase of Elec & Eltek group, the Group s steady business performance and leading market position, coupled with Elec & Eltek s strong cash flow generating track record, mean that the current gearing level is well manageable.

The laminate division achieved robust performance in 2004.
The overall recovery of the electronics manufacturing industry continued its momentum until there were modest inventory adjustments throughout the entire supply chain in the fourth quarter. Nevertheless the lack of investments in the laminate and its related upstream industries particularly glass yarn in the preceding cyclical downturn supported a favorable supplier market throughout the year. Given our persistent focus on capacity growth and capability upgrading in the last few years, the Group had successfully ridden on the current uptrend. Our average volume monthly shipment exceeded 5.1 million square meters, more than twice the level achieved during the industry s previous peak in year 2000. Partly attributed to the pricing uptrend, the external sales of laminates grew 47% and EBIT margin (earnings before interest and tax), despite increasing materials costs, improved to 25% from 16% a year ago.
The Group had successfully made major inroads on the printed circuit board market. Following the acquisition of a controlling stake in Elec & Eltek group at the end of November, we are ranked the largest printed circuit board group in China and the eighth in the world based on the pro-forma combined revenue around US$600 million in 2004. The printed circuit board division, without taking in contribution by Elec & Eltek, continued to achieve double-digit volume growth with notable strength in multi-layer (i.e. four layers or above) which saw a 63% increase in volume. In dollar terms, sales organically soared 49%. As stated in the interim report, different from the demand and supply balance in the laminate industry, the selling price of printed circuit boards had increased by a modest range of 3-5% compared with double digit increases in most of material costs. However with the product mix successfully shifted to more profitable multi-layer boards, EBIT margin, excluding Elec & Eltek, maintained at around 7%.
The growth of our chemical division continued to be on track with both internal and external sales increasing by more than 70%, and EBIT margin maintained at around 6%. In the year we have strengthened our market position in formalin and hydrogen peroxide. The acquisition of a hydrogen peroxide plant in Gaomi, Shangdong province and the set-up of a formalin plant in Changzhou, Jiangxu province have enabled us to widen our customer coverage outside Guangdong province. The melamine plant which was completed in early 2004 had successfully overcome some initial teething problems and received strong order book from external customers. The coke-methanol plant had completed its first phase and started trial production of coke smoothly last October.
The Group is very delighted to have been included in the MSCI World Index since May 2004 and consecutively for the past five years chosen by the Forbes as one of the world s best small companies in October 2004.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Group s consolidated financial position changed noticeably following the acquisition of Elec & Eltek group at the end of November, and the ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash to shareholders funds increased to 96%. The gearing is within manageable limits given the Group s interest cover exceeding 10 times based on pro-forma combined earnings, steady business performance and double-digit return on equity.
In addition, the Group s borrowings included net debts of around HK$780 million of Elec & Eltek International Company Limited ( EEIC ), a Singapore listed printed circuit board subsidiary. The EEIC s debts were well covered by its own solid balance sheet and profile of strong operating cash flow.
Excluding EEIC s debts being non-recourse to the Group, the underlying gearing ratio came down to around 81%. The increase in the Group s gearing was mostly accounted by our investments in new production facilities amounting to HK$2.2 billion and the acquisition of Elec & Eltek group for HK$1.8 billion. All these capital investments are targeted for future strong growth and attractive returns.
In October 2004, the Group received net proceeds of approximately HK$944 million on the issuance of 65 million new shares to institutional investors. Of the proceeds, 40% was used to repay the bank borrowings, 30% for laminate and glass fabric capacity expansion, and the balance for general working 
Elec & Eltek group which itself had a net working capital cycle of around 74 days at the year end was consolidated into the Group from 1 December 2004. In order to show the performance of our organic business and to remove anomaly caused by consolidating only one month s results of Elec & Eltek group, we excluded Elec & Eltek group for the purpose of the following working capital analysis.
The net working capital cycle had improved from 127 days for the year ended 31 December 2003 to 114 days for the year ended 31 December 2004 with the breakdowns as follows: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 80 days (31 December 2003 70 days) mainly due to expanding manufacturing activities and tightened supply of certain raw materials.
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, improved to 119 days (31 December 2003 138 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, increased to 85 days (31 December 2003 81 days).
The Group s consolidated net current assets and current ratio were approximately HK$198 million (31 December 2003 HK$1,413 million) and 1.03 (31 December 2003 1.82) respectively. In addition the mix of borrowings between short term and long term bank borrowings was 53%:47% (31 December 2003 24%:76%). The increase in short term borrowings was due to the draw-down of one year bank bridge loan facilities to finance the acquisition of Elec & Eltek group.
In the next few months, the Group will embark on certain refinancing initiatives to lengthen the borrowings maturity 
Furthermore in line with the Group s prudent financial management policy, we have been gradually increasing the engagement of interest rate swap contracts since the beginning of last year. As at 31 December 2004, approximately 68% of the Group s bank borrowings were hedged with such swap contracts with weighted average duration of 2.8 years.
There is no material foreign exchange fluctuation exposure to the Group. Almost all of the bank borrowings are denominated in either Hong Kong dollars or US dollars, and the Group s revenue, being mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2004, expanding organically and through acquisition of Elec & Eltek, the Group s headcount had increased to around 31,600 (31 December 2003 12,700) spreading around the globe with around 90% workforce in China. Recognizing the need to attract and retain talented workforce, the Group, besides offering competitive remuneration packages, continues to grant bonuses and share options to eligible employees based on the performance of individual employee as well as the Group.

The Group s business has overall started the current year with positive momentum, although the global business environment looks more challenging and uncertain than last year in view of both the US interest rate and many commodity prices including crude oil trending upwards. After the market s brief softness in the fourth quarter of last year, we have noticed demand for laminates rebounding robustly in the last few weeks. The recent close down of an overseas major paper laminate supplier helped the industry s consolidation. Also the commencement of our third glass yarn furnace eases the bottleneck in our glass epoxy laminate production. After last year s rapid expansion, the Group plans to increase the monthly capacity by a modest 15% to reach around 8.2 million square meters but will invest more aggressively in fabricating high performance, advanced laminate materials in the next few years.
In the printed circuit board division, integrating Elec & Eltek s operation into the Group has been well in progress. It is certainly bringing significant synergies such as enhancing vertical integration and economies of scale as well as complementing each other s customer base. As the largest printed circuit board operation in China, the Group shall be the prime beneficiary of the global outsourcing trend. We expect the division to have the monthly capacity reaching 3 million square feet for single-side and 6.5 million square feet for double-side and multi-layer by the end of the current year.
The chemical division continues to undergo rapid expansion with several major chemical projects being underway. The expansion of caustic soda plant in Hengyang of Hunan province with pent-up demand is on schedule, and its monthly capacity will triple by the middle of the current year. The coke-methanol plant in Hebei province is running at full production capacity of coke and is expected to commence methanol production in June. The construction of two methanol plants in Chongqing and Hainan province is progressing well and scheduled to complete by the end of 2006. In addition a phenol & acetone bisphenol-A plant is being set up in the petrochemical district of Huizhou, Guangdong province which has a reliable local supply of key chemical feedstock.
The LCD business, part of Elec & Eltek group, continues to experience robust growth so far this year. There will be a take- off of color LCD module (LCM) sales on the leverage of the well-established mono LCM customer base which has shown increasing interest in our color products. On the magnetic front, we believe our strong field marketing effort and persistent focus on the development of high value magnetic products will buoy 
On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, valuable customers and banks for their support, and the management and employees for their continued dedication and hard work in the past year.
CHEUNG Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2005 