Chairman s Statement It is with great delight that I present the Group s 2015 annual report and its audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, whilst global economy showed a sluggish growth with varying performance across regions, international trade growth remained soft, resulting in a continued slowdown in global port industry. Albeit the adverse macroeconomic environment, the Group s endeavours in pursuing various initiatives, adhering to the philosophy of seeking to solidify, to change, and to promote innovation , has enabled the Group to deliver a growth rate higher than the industry s average in terms of business performance and operating results of its core ports operation, as reflected by the steady growth in financial results, remarkable achievement in overseas operations, acceleration of innovation development, and the enhancement in management quality .
In terms of ports operation, the domestic and overseas projects in which the Group invested delivered a record-high container throughput of 83.66 million TEUs in aggregate, up 3.5% from 2014, within which container throughput handled by the Group s overseas operations grew by 14.2% year- on-year to 16.05 million TEUs, with Colombo International Container Terminals Limited ( CICT ) in Sri Lanka in particular demonstrating an exceptional growth in its business scale and operating results in its second year of operation. With regards to overseas business expansion, a tripartite consortium formed between the Group, COSCO Pacific Limited ( COSCO Pacific ) and CIC Capital Corporation ( CIC Capital ) has acquired a 65% equity interest of Kumport in Turkey, which added further to the Group s ports network along One Belt, One Road , while domestically, the Group has become the second largest shareholder of Dalian Port (PDA) Company Limited ( Dalian Port ) through the subscription of its shares, reflecting a reinforcement of the Group s strategy of optimising its ports network layout within China. With respect to innovation development, pilot projects such as cross-border e-commerce business and the establishment of electronic trading system for grains showed meaningful breakthroughs with good momentum of business growth, while on the management quality enhancement fronts, the refined management information system, which the Group has implemented for a number of years, was awarded the Second Prize of the 22nd National Innovative Achievement in Modernized Management by China Corporations , reflecting wide recognition of the project.

Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company during the year amounted to HK$4,808 million, representing an increase of 6.2% from 2014. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled HK$4,462 million, a decrease of 3.0% from 2014.
The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core port operations to the Group s total decreased from 79.5% in 2014 to 77.7% in 2015.

The Board of Directors of the Company has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 55 HK cents per ordinary share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of 77 HK cents per ordinary share for the whole year, representing a payout ratio of 41.6%. Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting, the final dividend for ordinary shares will be payable on or around 18 July 2016 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 10 June 2016.
Review for the Year A continuing deceleration in growth of the global economy in 2015, with the pace of growth varied across different economies, means the road to recovery remained bumpy. On one hand, steady global price level, improving employment environment and an active merger and acquisitions market were seen; on the other hand, the world was prevailed with an intensifying volatility in global financial markets, a record- high debt level across the board, subdued commodity prices, and the prevalence of trade protectionism and currency competition. In its latest World Economic Outlook report published in January 2016, the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) suggested that global economy grew by 3.1% in 2015, down 0.3 percentage point from that in 2014, within which advanced economies rebounded by 1.9% with a slowing pace, while developing economies grew by 4.0%, down 0.6 percentage point year-on-year. World trade volume (including goods and services) grew by 2.6% in 2015, 0.8 percentage point lower than that in 2014.
Entering into the new normal, China s economy showed a generally steady trend in 2015, with an overall stable growth and an improvement in both economic structure and quality of growth. China s GDP grew by 6.9% for the year, which was broadly in line with the target set at the beginning of the year. In tandem with the soft external demand and the decline in commodity prices, negative growth was seen in China s total export and import value, with total trade value amounting to US$3.96 trillion, a decrease of 8.0% over that of 2014. Container throughput handled by Chinese ports of significant scale totaled 210 million TEUs during 2015, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.1%, or a decrease of 2.2 percentage points over that of 2014 in growth rate.
Generally speaking, 2015 was a year presented with a muted and slowing growth picture for the global ports industry, yet the Group s ports operation was able to outperform the industry by registering a total container throughput of 83.66 million TEUs, which represented a 3.5% year-on-year rise.
Bulk cargo handling operations recorded a throughput of 353 million tonnes, a decrease of 2.8% year-on-year. Looking into the regional performance, container throughput handled by the Group s ports in Mainland China totaled 61.47 million TEUs, up 3.2% year-on-year, a growth rate higher than that of foreign trade-derived container throughput handled by China s ports. Ports in Hong Kong and Taiwan handled a combined container throughput of 6.14 million TEUs, a decrease of 15.0% year-on-year, while overseas operations was showing a solid growth of 14.2% on a year-on-year basis, delivering a container throughput of 16.05 million TEUs. Among the major ports in the Group s portfolio, Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd., handling a container throughput of 36.54 million TEUs, or a year-on- year increase of 3.6% in 2015, continued to be the world s largest operator for six consecutive years. Attributing to the decline in domestic volume as a result of the facilitation of business upgrade and transformation, container throughput handled by the Group s terminals in West Shenzhen was 10.75 million TEUs, down slightly by 2.5% year-on-year. In the overseas arena, CICT in Sri Lanka delivered a noticeable growth of 127.5% year-on-year, handling 1.56 million TEUs, while Lom Container Terminal S.A. ( LCT ) in Togo, which commenced operation towards the end of 2014, handled a container throughput of more than 0.50 million TEUs.
Terminal Link SAS handled 12.61 million TEUs during the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7%.
During the year, by capturing unprecedented opportunities, infusing innovative mentality, refining the strategic moves and specifying implementation paths along the Group s three major strategic objectives, the Group has been steadily pursuing designated tasks during 2015, thus ensuring the sustainable growth of the Group s core ports operation and its business performance.
With respect to homebase port development, the Group has been facilitating transformation and upgrades in West Shenzhen Port Zone by seizing the opportunities offered by the establishment of Qianhai-Shekou Free Trade Zone.
The phase 2 work of Tonggu Channel involving its further widening, to be completed by early 2017, progressed as planned, and is expected to become a fulcrum for West Shenzhen Port Zone in accommodating mega-vessels.
Operating efficiency of the port has been enhanced with the improvement of its customs environment, which came along with the amalgamation of custom zones and introduction of innovative custom supervision modes within Qianhai-Shekou Free Trade Zone. Synchronization of operations within Chiwan and Shekou port zones was further facilitated, which went one step further by integrating the container operations of China Merchants Port Services (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. The transformation of Shenzhen Haixing Harbor Development Co., Ltd. into a container terminal, with preliminary work completed and with construction commencing in 2016, will also be crucial in the establishment of a modern port zone that is automated, intelligent, green and low carbon; the building of a smart port ecosystem; the improvement in asset s efficiency and the promotion of business innovation of the Group s homebase port.
As for the Group s port network in China, aiming towards optimising existing assets, extending market influence and enhancing synergies , the Group has been proactively seeking to identify new investment and cooperation opportunities by capitalizing on the potential consolidation and reforms among coastal ports in China, as signified by the share subscription agreement entered into between the Group and Dalian Port on 12 January 2016, allowing the Group to become the second largest shareholder of Dalian Port, which represented a great leap forward by the Group in optimising its port network and consolidating port assets in 
As for overseas strategies, leveraging on the historic opportunities offered by the One Belt, One Road strategy promoted by China, a tripartite consortium formed between the Group, COSCO Pacific and CIC Capital has acquired a 65% equity interest of Kumport in Turkey in December 2015, complementing the Group s global port network layout, whilst enabling the Group to pre-position for the economic development brought about by the implementation of China s One Belt, One Road strategy. During the year, the Group s overseas projects, contributing 19.2% of its total container throughput, or an increase of 1.8 percentage points over that of last year, has become a core growth driver of the Group.
With regards to innovative development, built upon the foundation around technological, business and management innovation, the Group s devoted effort in studying and promoting initiatives on several fronts, including the reinforcement of active capital management in existing portfolio, and the integration between business operations and internet technologies , has resulted in a number of remarkable achievements. The cross-border e-commerce business of Shenzhen Baohong Ecommerce Integrated Services Co, Ltd. and the set-up of an integrated electronic trading platform for grains, exgrain.com , have both shown promising signs, while the refined management information platform was awarded the Second Prize of the 22nd National Innovative Achievement in Modernized Management by China Corporations .

In 2016, global economy is expected to demonstrate a slow pickup in growth, with the presence of several unfavourable cyclical and structural factors adding further uncertainty.
According to the latest forecast published by IMF, global economy is forecasted to grow by 3.4% in 2016, up 0.3 percentage point from that in 2015, while world trade volume (including goods and services) is projected to grow by 3.4% in 2016, an increase of 0.8 percentage point from 2015. Growth pace in China s economy is expected to be milder in 2016 as structural economic adjustments and 
Against the backdrop of a feeble global economic recovery and the Chinese economy entering into the new normal, the global port industry is again anticipating a picture of slow growth in 2016 with performance varying across regions.
On top of all these, the persistence of a supply glut in the shipping industry, the deployment of mega-vessels, the prevalence of shipping alliances and the intensifying regional competition of ports all pose challenges to the port industry.
Thanks to the stability displayed at the ports in China and the impetus from the faster growth at existing overseas projects, compounding with the additional contributions from potential acquisitions and new growth drivers through nurturing innovative business, the Group s ports operation is expected to remain steady in 2016.
In 2016, gravitating upon the strategic vision of becoming a world-class comprehensive port services provider , the Group will strive, through reviewing and formulating implementation plans, to promote innovation, to progress, and to look for breakthroughs. Innovation will remain key in the Group s overall corporate development, enabling the transformation and upgrade of the Group s existing business, thereby injecting energy to the Group through reforms and breakthroughs, with key initiatives as set out below.
Firstly, in order to ensure achievement of strategies, the Group will actively seek to closely follow market changes and industry opportunities through conducting continuous assessment and study on the macro-economy and industry, based on which clear and practicable implementation plans can be formulated, enabling the conversion of internally- sourced capabilities and resources into tangible competitive edges, and the alignment of strategies and operational measures on a practical basis.
Secondly, capital management in existing portfolio will be reinforced. Through the active application of capital management on the organizational, product and functional level, the Group will strive to create an ecological environment that incorporates the elements of active capital management from every facet, thereby facilitating upgrades and reform of the Group s existing operations.
Thirdly, with regards to the building of a comprehensive port ecosystem, stemming from the foundation built upon the Group s core ports operation, the Group will, through the integration with internet technology, seek to enhance the synergies derived from the collaboration between ports, logistic zones and the city, and to extend the ports value chain, with an aim or nurturing a comprehensive port ecosystem and enriching the Group s business propositions as a comprehensive port services provider.
Fourthly, in terms of the expansion of the Group s overseas ports network, the Group will strive to elevate its operation capabilities and market influence globally through further building up its global ports network, seizing the investment opportunities offered by the One Belt, One Road strategy promoted by China. Meanwhile, the Group will also actively pursue its comprehensive development model for overseas projects, in order to achieve breakthroughs in applying the successful experience in its entire overseas port network.
Lastly, with regards to reinforcing the integration and collaboration of the Group s existing port assets, it will, on one hand, facilitate the establishment of an overseas homeport and the transformation of West Shenzhen homebase port, and speed up the progress of various projects, including the construction of Mawan intelligent ports, the widening of Tonggu channel and the building of port community system, while on the other hand, closely monitor consolidation opportunities among coastal ports in China, and strengthen the interaction and integration among the existing ports and between the potential new projects and existing ports, all in all to further enhance the competitiveness of the Group s ports.
Looking into 2016, with global economy and trade velocity recovering at a slow and uneven pace, prospect for global ports industry remains challenging. Nonetheless, we will strive to capitalize on the unprecedented opportunities and facilitate innovations, upgrades and breakthroughs in the Group s core ports operation, in order to maintain its sustainable growth and, in turn, deliver better investment return for shareholders.

The Group, as always, strives to maintain a smooth investor relation through enhanced communication and exchanges with the investment community with a view to raising their timely understanding of, and confidence towards, the Group.
More than 600 visits by investors and analysts were received andor met by the Group in 2015, including on-site visits and meetings with our senior management. The Group also keeps close contact with its shareholders and the investors through regular roadshow activities conducted from time to time across all international investment markets, as a means to enhance the Group s transparency and, in turn, governance standards, all towards establishing for the Group a positive corporate image as a listed company.

The Group s credit rating by Moody s was upgraded to Baa1 during 2015, thereby further strengthening our investment- grade rating. The Group s credit rating by Standard and Poor s is currently maintained at BBB+.

Following the resignation of Mr. Li Jianhong as the Chairman and Executive Director of the Board of the Company on 18 February 2016, I was appointed as the Chairman of the Board. During his tenure, Mr. Li had devoted himself to and made outstanding contributions to the development of the Group. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our most sincere appreciation to Mr. Li, and we wish he will lead, as its Chairman, China Merchants Group, the Group s ultimate holding company, to even more success in the 
The Group has steered through difficulties, achieved remarkable breakthroughs on various fronts in 2015, improving steadily its operating results amid a complex macroeconomic environment, which could not have been accomplished without the undivided dedication from all of our staff or the support from our shareholders and investors, business partners and those who have taken to heart the Group s interest. For this, I would like to extend my most sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude.

