Chairman s Statement It is with great delight that I present the Group s 2013 annual report and its audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The year of 2013 has seen the Group achieve yet another key milestone in its development history. By closely adhering to its formulated development strategies amid a weak global economic growth environment, the Group has not only progressed steadily but also successfully captured investment opportunities that further expanded its international presence, thus further anchoring its leading position as a global port operator. The business growth and operational performance of the Group s ports operation has demonstrated encouraging trends, whereas the bonded logistics operation also revealed promising signs.
The Group s progress, propelled upon its management philosophy of investing prudently, enhancing network, integrating resources, and refining operational management in pursuing various initiatives, has delivered noticeable results.
With respect to establishing a global ports network, followed after the acquisitions in Lagos of Nigeria, Kaohsiung of Taiwan and Lom of Togo were the successfully completed acquisition of equity stakes in respectively Port de Djibouti S.A. ( PDSA ), Djibouti of East Africa, and in Terminal Link SAS ( Terminal Link ), a former wholly-owned subsidiary of CMA CGM SA with interests in 15 container- and bulk cargo- terminals in 8 countries in the world. These acquisitions have helped to stem the Group s status as a global port operator. As regards its core ports operation, on- going efforts to integrate its resources, strengthen customer- relationship management, encourage innovation and improve operational efficiencies have, combined, led the Group to deliver sustainable and steadily growing operational results.
Furthermore, the Group has sought to continuously raise its management quality through internal improvements such as refining its management platform, reengineering its operation model, identifying and controlling risks, as well as enhancing its information technology infrastructure.
Added to our transactional and operational achievements is our financial disciplining and our determination for prudent financial management, both of which are of equal importance to the long-term growth of the Group. After a few years of rapid expansion with significant capital expenditure, while we remain comfortable with our balance sheet sufficiency, we feel that it is of prudence that we should seek to, at the right market condition, appropriately restore our capital adequacy to a more comfortable level. It is with this consideration that the Group in March 2014 proposes to issue, by way of an open offer in a manner fair and equitable to all of our shareholders, mandatory convertible securities in a total amount of not less than HK$15.3 billion. This proposed issue is expected to, on the one hand, improve the credit profile of the Group and, in turn, enhance its borrowing capacity, and, on the other hand, avail shareholders a further opportunity to participate in the Group s future growth potential.

The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company in 2013 amounted to HK$4,213 million, representing an increase of 10.3% from 2012. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled HK$4,008 million, an increase of 18.8% from 2012. The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core ports operation to the Group s total increased from 72.6% in 2012 to 75.7% in 2013.

The Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 55 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of 77 HK cents per share for the whole year, giving a payout ratio of 46.2%. Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 4 July 2014 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 29 May 2014.
Review for the year The year under review was prevailed with a weak global economic growth momentum with varying performance across major economies: mild economic recovery was seen in the US and Japan, the Euro zone economy has seemingly bottomed, whereas emerging and developing economies showed signs of deceleration in economic growth. Statistics published by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) in January 2014 revealed that global economy grew 3.0% in 2013, down by 0.1 percentage point from that for 2012.
Of this, that for the developed economies grew 1.3% while emerging and developing economies recorded a growth of 4.7%, down respectively by 0.1 percentage point and 0.2 percentage point from those of 2012. The decelerated economic growth has caused global consumption demand to remain soft. IMF statistics also indicated that total international trade volume (including goods and services) grew 2.7%, same as that for 2012.
China s economy has remained broadly stable during 2013, progressing at a steady and steadily growing trend. Its GDP grew 7.7%, down marginally by 0.1 percentage point from that of 2012. With total import and export value reaching US$4,160 billion in 2013 (up 7.6% or 1.4 percentage points from the growth rate in the previous year), China has surpassed the US in terms of the scale of total foreign trade value to top the world s league. Of China s total trade value, export trade grew 7.9%, same as that of the previous year while import trade rose 7.3%, up 3.0 percentage points year- on-year. Ports of significant scale in China handled a total of 189 million TEUs in 2013, up 6.7% year-on-year, reflecting a 1.5 percentage points decline in growth rate and, in turn, a continuing declining trend in the contribution from the processing trade to China s overall economy.
In 2013, the Group s ports handled a total container throughput volume of 71.32 million TEUs, a significant increase of 18.5% year-on-year, led primarily by the incremental contribution from the newly acquired projects such as Kao Ming Container Terminal Corporation ( KMCT ) in Taiwan, PDSA and Terminal Link. Excluding contribution from these newly acquired projects, container throughput volume of the Group grew 4.8% year-on-year. Bulk cargoes handled by the Group s terminals during 2013 totaled 349 million tonnes, up 6.8% from that of 2012, reflecting a steady growth. Throughput breakdown by regions showed that container throughput handled by the Group s ports in Mainland China rose 4.3% to 56.73 million TEUs in 2013, slightly higher than the growth rate of foreign trade-derived container throughput handled by China s ports, while our ports in Hong Kong, Taiwan and overseas handled a combined container throughput of 14.59 million TEUs, or an increment of 8.75 million TEUs when compared to that handled in 2012. Among the Group s major ports, Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. maintained its position for the fourth consecutive year as the world s top ranking terminal in terms of volume throughput handled by recording a throughput of 33.62 million TEUs, reflecting an improved growth rate of 3.3%. Container volume handled by ports in West Shenzhen, totaled 11.39 million TEUs in 2013, declined slightly by 1.7% year-on-year. The Qingdao project handled a total container throughput of 5.23 million TEUs, up 21.6% year-on-year. In Hong Kong, container volume handled by Modern Terminals Limited and China Merchants Container Services Limited, contrasting the decline trend shown by the Hong Kong market, grew 8.5% year-on-year with a combined container throughput volume of 5.90 million TEUs. Terminal Link, for the seven months in 2013 after the Group completed the acquisition of its equity interest, has contributed to the Group a throughput of 6.25 million TEUs.
Gravitating upon the three strategic objectives of international positioning, homebase establishment, and innovative development , the Group has been actively pursuing designated tasks during 2013 thus ensuring the sustainable growth of the Group s core ports operation and its business performance.
The Group has set its strategic development goal to becoming the world s leading port investor, developer and operator. In 2013, major breakthroughs towards this goal were achieved.
The consecutive completion of acquisition of equity interests in KMCT (Taiwan), PDSA (Djibouti, East Africa) and Terminal Link reaffirmed the Group s position among the global port operators. As at the end of 2013, the Group had 18 overseas ports projects situated across 4 continents. Together with its existing ports assets in Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, the business scale generated by these assets has placed the Group at the forefront of the world s league of global port operators, and laid a solid foundation for the Group in pursuing its strategic goal. In July 2013, Colombo International Container Terminals Limited located in Colombo, Sri Lanka, the Group s first overseas green- field project with management right, commenced operation.
The project s successful roll-out is of profound significance to the Group in terms of establishing an international ports network, accumulating experience in developing green-field projects and in managing overseas ports, as well as nurturing managerial talents in the ports business.
As for the homebase port establishment, the approach has been from four perspectives, namely, operational integration, the establishment of collection-and-distribution system for cargoes, improvements in customs-control processes, and the collaboration between bonded logistic parks and adjacent ports. During 2013, the Group took over the management control in Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf Holdings Limited pursuant to the entrustment arrangement and exerted its control over the West Shenzhen Port Zone through South China Container Terminal, a unified management and operation centre in West Shenzhen. In addition, CM Port , a terminal operating system developed and proprietory-owned by the Group, went live successfully in Shekou Container Terminals in early 2014, allowing the Group to gradually exercise unified management in terms of commercial, operational, information technological functions in the West Shenzhen Port Zone.
With regards to the establishment of a cargo collection-and- distribution system, the widening of the Tonggu Channel has been incorporated in the development plan of the Shenzhen Port Zone. Having commenced were the site-searching and the design of the Chiwan Radar station, a dedicated traffic monitoring facility for use by the West Shenzhen Port Zone. Investment in river terminals along the Pearl River Delta, the expansion of the barge network, the building of inland ports and the promotion of sea-rail inter-modal transportation demonstration project have all progressed as scheduled, all in all optimizing and improving the operational quality in the West Shenzhen Port Zone. As for improvements in customs-control environments, the rendering of 24-hour service to support cross-terminal transfer operation for cargoes across the entire West Shenzhen Port Zone has helped to further mobilize the degree of interaction among individual port units in the region. In addition, the synergistic effect derived from the collaboration between the Group s bonded logistics parks and the corresponding ports has become obvious alongside encouraging results reflected in resource utilization, business innovation and operational results of all units involved. On-going efforts to enhance the capabilities of the Group s homebase ports have elevated their core competence, thus adequately equipping the Group to capture the potential to arise as the status of free-trade port develops, which, it is expected, would in turn induce the transformation and enhancement of the ports industry.
During 2013, the Group has launched innovation-oriented measures focusing on technology and technical processes, management, and business model. In the aspect of technology and technical processes, dedicated efforts have been placed on establishing intelligence ports that aimed towards enhancing operational efficiency alongside with relief in operating cost pressure. In addition, efforts were also directed towards establishing demonstration green ports , thus helping to accelerate the establishment of the next-generation ports that are environmental-friendly and energy-conserving. As for management innovation, the Group continued to work with a well-known international consultancy firm to design and develop an operational refinement platform, through which both management capability and efficiency in decision-making can be enhanced.
On the development of innovative business model, the Group has, from the perspective of studying customers demand, been actively exploring the feasibility of establishing an ecological environment for ports with a view to retrieving new opportunities leveraging on integrating up-stream and down-stream customers, thereby creating sustainable value to customers. Cited as an example was the cross- border e-commerce platform introduced by China Merchants Bonded Logistics Co., Ltd. ( CMBL ) during the year.
In 2013, the Group s bonded logistics business continued to show sustainable growth. CMBL s steadily expanding business volume, as reflected in a warehouse utilization rate of 93%, has not only lent support to improving the performance of the bonded logistics operations, but also founded a base from which the collaboration between the logistics park and the West Shenzhen Port Zone can be broadened. The Qingdao Logistics Park which is operated by China Merchants International Terminal (Qingdao) Co., Ltd. saw its business volume for cargo consolidation and deconsolidation services and, in turn, its operating results, doubled. Tianjin Haitian Bonded Logistics Company Limited, driven primarily by the increase in automobile imports, has seen rapid growth in its operating performance. Nurtured by the Group as a priority growth driver, the bonded logistics business was gradually unleashing its potential. Along with more policy support expected to be forthcoming and its operations becoming more innovatively improved, the bonded logistics business would see greater development space in the future. China Merchants Americold Holdings Company Limited and China Merchants Americold Logistics Company Limited (collectively known as CMAC ), being the Group s cold chain logistics operation platform, delivered growth in its warehouse business, with an average warehouse utilization rate reaching 77%, up 9 percentage points year-on-year, resulting in turn in an increase in CMAC s warehousing revenue during the year under review.

The IMF, in its World Economic Outlook report published in January 2014, forecasted the global economy to continue to improve in 2014 and 2015. The report pointed out that, since the second half of 2013, global economic activities and world trade have gradually been on an upward trend with developed economies demand expanding as anticipated, whilst export rebound would be the main driver behind improved activity of emerging economies. The report also projected the global economy to grow 3.7% in 2014, of which growth of developed economies at 2.2%, up 0.9 percentage point from that of 2013, and growth of emerging economies at 5.1%, or 0.4 percentage point up from that of 2013. In addition, the report expected world trade volume (goods and service) to expand by 4.5%, reflecting a 1.8 percentage points increase from that of 2013.
The global economy, as it is expected, would gradually come out in 2014 of the aftermath of the global financial crisis, faring slightly better than a year ago. Against this background, China s export growth is anticipated to accelerate modestly faster than that of 2013, thus offering a higher contribution to China s overall growth. Projections by most renowned institutions expect China s GDP for 2014 to grow at between 7.5% to 8.0% with a steadily smooth and steady economy. With improved external demand, support derived from internal growth potential, value from structural reform continued to be unleashed, and macroeconomic policy-driven stimulus appropriately introduced, China s economy is expected to continue to grow at a moderate to high momentum going forward.
Led by the gradual recovery in global economy and international trade velocity, ports business globally is expected to improve modestly in 2014. China s steadily growing domestic economy and world trade s continuing recovery, combined, are expected to bring impetus to the Group s ports operation. The production capability gradually unleashed due to the addition of new capacity from overseas green-field projects and the inclusion of newly-acquired operating projects would add new growth drivers to the Group. On the other hand, the consistently over-supply of shipping capacity globally, the continuing trend of deploying more mega-vessels, the prevalence of shipping alliance, and the uneven resource deployment by regional ports in the Mainland are expected to cause considerable challenges to the ports industry.
In 2014, the Group will continue to stride forward, stemmed from the three strategic goals of enhancing its network portfolio, pursuing business transformation and capability enhancement, and promoting innovation with a view to becoming a leading global port investor, developer and 
To enhance its network portfolio, the Group will continue to explore the possibilities of deepening the cooperation with its existing projects both in China and overseas while monitoring other potential investment opportunities with a view to enhancing its global ports network through investing prudently, building a balanced port portfolio, and creating mutually-beneficial synergies. In addition, the Group will continue to actively groom its team of operational professionals for its international ports through more frequent exchanges and cooperation on the international front, in order to elevate the Group s position and influence in the global ports industry.
As for business transformation and capability enhancement, anchored upon the operational integration within the West Shenzhen Port Zone, the Group will actively seek to transform homebase ports through upgrading the handling capacities of their berths and navigation channel, improving cargo collection-distribution connectivity, integrating internal resources, continuing the custom-control improvements, encouraging innovation alongside the establishment of green ports, strengthening the collaboration between the bonded logistics parks and its corresponding port zones, as well as refining its management platform. West Shenzhen Port Zone, located within the Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone, will actively seek to capitalize on the opportunities availed from the development in the region, in particular the advantages associated with the free trade port policies, in order to elevate the integrated service level of the ports and to establish a modernized 
Insofar as promoting innovation is concerned, the Group will continue its efforts to encourage innovation in aspects of technology and technical know-how, and management and business models. Engaging a refined management platform is expected to augment efficiency in the decision-making process and to enhance management capability. In addition, the Group will actively explore means through which to extend the service capabilities of the bonded logistics and cold chain operations along their supplyvalue chain.
Leveraging on new business practices such as cross-border e-commerce and procurement and distribution services as key initiatives and aided by preferential policies available, the Group seeks to design and adopt new business models which, it is expected, would drive the sustainable growth, in both scale and efficiency terms, in the Group s logistics 
Looking forward into the year of 2014, amid the mild recovery in both the global economy and international trade activity alongside the on-going adjustment and consolidation of the international maritime industry, the Group expects its ports operation to face both opportunities and challenges.
By clearly identifying its current positioning, timely capturing opportunities available, and making prudent decisions, the Group is well placed to ensure the sustainable and stable growth of its operations, thereby yielding ever-improving investment returns for our shareholders.

The Group, as always, strives to maintain a smooth investor relation through enhanced communication and exchanges with the investment community with a view to raising their timely understanding of, and confidence towards, the Group.
More than 550 visits by investors and analysts were received andor met by the Group in 2013, including on-site visits and meetings with our senior management. The Group also keeps close contact with its shareholders and the investors through regular roadshow activities conducted from time to time across all international investment markets, as a means to enhancing the Group s transparency and, in turn, governance standards, all towards establishing for the Group a positive corporate image as a listed company.

The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

The remarkable results achieved by the Group during 2013 amid an adverse macroeconomic environment could not have been accomplished without the undivided dedication from all our staff or the support from our shareholders and investors, business partners and those who have taken to heart the Group s interest. For this I would like to extend my most sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
