Chairman s Statement 
It is my great pleasure to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited ( The Group ) delivered satisfactory results for the financial year ended 31 December 2012. The business operating environment was extremely challenging for the Group during the year. Against the strong headwind caused by the European sovereign debt crisis and the slow US economic recovery, global demand for electronic products remained soft in 2012. As a result, the business performance of the laminate and printed circuit board ( PCB ) divisions was dampened by market sentiment.
Meanwhile, chemical prices were dragged down by slower domestic demand in China. However, the new phenolacetone plant, in Yangzhou, Jiangsu province delivered profitable earnings upon commencement of production which fueled growth for the chemical division in the second half of 2012.
With regards to the property division, sales revenue from our first residential development project Shanghai Kingboard Yu Garden was recognized by the Group in 2012. Our investment properties continued to bring in rental income increase for the Group. Hence, property division s contribution achieved remarkable growth in 2012.
BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) On the back of our solid financial strength and proven management team, the Group has built up an excellent business model with a balanced portfolio yielding diverse income streams. All core business divisions continued to deliver profitable results. Group revenue increased by 2% to HK$37,290.3 million while net profit declined by 19% to HK$2,097 million, basic earnings per share was HK$2.454. The Group maintained our robust financial position.
The Board proposed a final dividend of HK42 cents per share, together with the interim dividend of HK10 cents per share paid in September 2012, constitutes a total dividend per share of HK52 cents, representing a payout ratio of 21%.

The global electronics market was highly competitive in 2012. Although shipment volume and capacity utilization of laminates improved marginally for the laminates division against last year but the average selling price of laminates products showed a downtrend due to softer copper prices. The Laminates division successfully expanded in the China domestic market with sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) accounting for 50% of the division s total revenue. Turnover (including inter-segment sales) for the laminate division decreased 6% against the previous year to HK$12,941.3 million. Volume sales increased 1% from last year and average monthly shipment reached 8.57 million square metres. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) decreased 16% to HK$2,104.5 million.
Similar to the laminates division, the performance of the PCB division was also affected by weaker demand for electronic products. Turnover for the PCB division declined by 11% to HK$7,253.3 million and EBITDA decreased 8% to HK$971.9 million. The Group has allocated additional resources to expand its high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB production capacity, and gain market share in this market segment by ongoing technology and capability enhancement. HDI PCB sales accounted for 21% (2011:17%) of PCB division sales and generated good earnings contribution to the division.

Despite lower chemical products prices during the year, our new phenol acetone plant at Yangzhou, Jiangsu province with an annual capacity of 300,000 metric tonnes generated profit contribution for the Group in the second half of 2012, and the Huizhou phenolacetone plant in Guangdong province continued to deliver excellent performance. The Group s other chemical projects including Xingtai cokemethanol plant in Hebei province as well as Hengyang caustic soda plant in Hunan province also delivered stable earnings for the Group. Turnover (including inter-segment sales) for the chemical division increased 3% to HK$17,557.8 million while EBITDA decreased by 28% to HK$1,519.7 million. Share of associates results (the bulk of which was contributed by our natural gas based methanol joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited) decreased by 17% to HK$215.5 million as a result of lower methanol selling prices against last year.

The property division started to deliver attractive returns. The key investment properties in eastern and southern China continued to bring in steady rental income growth. Total rental income for the Group jumped 69% to HK$401.1 million in 2012. Together with recognition of sales income of HK$1,434.2 million from the Shanghai Yu Garden project, division revenue reached HK$1,835.3 million. The Group acquired Delta House, a commercial building located at Shatin, Hong Kong in May 2012. In addition, the acquisition of a commercial property 90 Fenchurch Street with a gross floor area ( GFA ) of approximately 8,000 square metres located at central London, England was completed in October 2012. These two investments are expected to bring in additional HK$100 million annual rental income for the Group. As at 31 December 2012, the Group owned an investment properties portfolio with a GFA of about 210,000 square meters with properties across mainland China, Hong Kong and London. Moreover, the Group also built up a land bank of over 5 million square meters GFA located at prime locations mainly in Shanghai, Kunshan and Guangzhou. The property business is expected to generate steady and attractive returns to the Group in future.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2012, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$16,424.3 million (31 December 2011 HK$12,347.5 million) and 2.31 (31 December 2011 1.80) respectively.
The net working capital cycle increased from 40 days as at 31 December 2011 to 49 days as at 31 December 2012 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, increased to 39 days as the Group s chemical production capacity increased (31 December 2011 35 days).
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, reduced to 51 days (31 December 2011 52 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, reduced to 41 days (31 December 2011 47 days).
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 38% (31 December 2011: 40%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 32%:68% (31 December 2011: 37%: 63%). During the year under review, the Group invested around HK$2.2 billion and HK$1.9 billion in new production capacity and property developments projects respectively.
In addition, the Group also invested HK$2 billion to acquire two investment properties in Hong Kong and London. With a professional and seasoned management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive returns to our shareholders in the future. About 6% of the Group s bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rates swap contract to minimize exposure to fluctuation in interest rates. All outstanding contracts were closed during the year. The Group had not entered into any other type of derivative financial instruments in 2012. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2012, the Group had a global workforce of over 43,400 (31 December 2011: 43,200). In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. Kingboard Institute of Management was established with a vision to focus on management training of middle and senior management for the Group. The Group recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in its search for talents. In future, we will continue our effort to identify and develop staff via management training schemes in order to rejuvenate our management team to support the long term development of the Group.

Customers order intake showed signs of positive momentum at the onset of 2013. Management is confident of the growth prospects of the domestic market in China. The Chinese government continues to encourage domestic consumption and push ahead with re-engineering the economic growth model by accelerating urbanization in China. Demand for electronic products, especially smart-phones and high-end consumer products, is expected to maintain robust growth. This would definitely be a positive driver for laminates demand. We will continue to invest in product mix enhancement and business development in the domestic China market in order to advance our market share. Plans are underway to expand laminates production capacity in both eastern and southern China this year to capture business opportunities for thin and high-performance laminates.
For the PCB division, we will continue to ramp up the production capacity of our new PCB production sites at Yi Zheng Industrial Park, Yangzhou, Jiangsu province in the current year. Furthermore, our two dedicated HDI PCB plants in Kunshan, Jiangsu province and Kaiping, Guangdong province also plan to expand production capacity in 2013 to meet customer demand.
For the chemical division, our Hebei cokemethanol plant has shown outstanding performance for the first two months of this year. Meanwhile, capacity enhancement plan for Huizhou phenolacetone plant, Guangdong province is currently scheduled for the end of 2013. The Hengyang caustic soda plant in Hunan province is also ramping up output volume in the current 
With regard to the properties division, renovation work for Guangzhou Kingboard Plaza at Zhujiang Xincheng, Guangzhou is in progress with target completion date scheduled for mid 2013. Pre-sale for Qiandeng Kingboard Yu Garden Phase I in Kunshan, Jiangsu province has made good progress.
Construction work of the residential portion of this project is expected to be completed within 2013.
The operating landscape for the Group this year remains challenging.
Nevertheless, our experienced management team will maintain a prudent financial management strategy and continue to sharpen the competitive edge of our core businesses. The Group will respond promptly to changes in the market and any business opportunities with decisive action. We are confident that the Group will continue to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders in 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 8 March 2013 