Chairman s Statement 
It is with pleasure that I report to shareholders a set of resilient results for Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited (the Group ) during the financial year ended 31 December 2014 ( FY2014 ). The year saw divergent paces of development among major economics worldwide. While a clear recovery was witnessed in the United States, China has lowered its expected rate of growth to the mid-high gear, and the Eurozone and Japan were both hovering at low levels of growth. Helped by capacity expansion and active market development, the laminates division posted a satisfactory performance with laminates shipments climbing to a record high volume. The printed circuit board ( PCB ) division also registered growth in sales to the automotive and telecommunications sectors. However, the division s results were negatively impacted by the restructuring of Elec & Eltek Group, thus recording a decline in segment results year on year. The chemical division also recorded a slight drop in performance amidst a sharp plunge of global crude oil prices in the fourth quarter. The property division benefited from the full booking of sales of Qiandeng Yu Garden Phase I, Kunshan, contributing significant earnings to the Group. Rental income from investment properties also continued to grow 
BUSINESS REVIEW (continued) All core business divisions were able to contribute earnings to the Group despite a very challenging market for the manufacturing sector. In 2014, Group revenue increased 1% over the previous year to HK$35,905.8 million, delivering an underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) of HK$1,800.7 million, a mild drop of 4%. Basic earnings per share based on underlying net profit were HK$1.756. Reported net profit decreased 14% to HK$2,536.8 million, with basic earnings per share based on reported net profit amounting to HK$2.473. The Group maintained a robust financial position. The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK30 cents per share, subject to shareholders approval. Together with the interim dividend of HK20 cents per share paid in September 2014, constitutes a full-year dividend of HK50 cents, representing a payout ratio of 28%.

The laminates division delivered satisfactory performance during the year.
To further strengthen our vertical production setup, the Group has invested actively in expanding the capacities of upstream materials, including glass yarn and glass fabric, in order to provide feedstock for expanded laminates production. During the year, as capacity increased, the Group s monthly laminates shipment climbed to a record high volume of 9.83 million square metres, an increase of 5% over 2013. Segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) from the laminates division rose 3% year on year to HK$13,454.1 million. Earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) decreased 1% to HK$2,108.7 million.

Strong sales of telecommunications and automotive-related electronic products have fuelled the growth of the PCB market. The PCB division therefore recorded a 4% growth in segment turnover to HK$7,474.3 million, of which high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCB sales contributed 22% of the division s total. However, as the division was negatively impacted by the restructuring of Elec & Eltek Group during the second half, EBITDA decreased 20% to HK$696.1 million.
The prevailing high price of acetic acid has resulted in significant earnings for the chemical division. Enhancements to the phenolacetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong Province, were also completed as scheduled, bringing higher cost advantage for the division. However, the sharp plunge in global crude oil prices since the fourth quarter has caused the chemical division to record a 17% decline in segment turnover (including inter-segment sales) to HK$14,307.9 million. EBITDA was down 14% to HK$1,370.8 million. Share of associates results (the bulk of which was contributed by the natural gas- based methanol joint venture with China Blue Chemical Limited) declined 24% year on year to HK$177.0 million. In the face of the continued increase of natural gas prices and low prices of methanol, the natural gas-to-methanol plant in Chongqing has not been able to meet the expected operating efficiency. The Group therefore resolved to close down the plant during the period, and an impairment loss of HK$284.6 million was recognised in the 
Sales of Qiandeng Yu Garden Phase I, in the amount of HK$2,163.3 million, were fully booked during the period under review. Together with rental income of HK$527.8 million, the property division recorded a turnover of HK$2,691.1 million. Contracted sales of HK$2,960 million were registered on total contracted sales floor area of 287,000 square metres. There were no new acquisitions of land during the year. As at 31 December 2014, the Group owned a prime land bank in Shanghai, Kunshan and other major cities, measuring a buildable gross floor area of around 6 million square metres.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The Group s financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2014, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$16,934.4 million (31 December 2013: HK$21,100.8 million) and 1.82 (31 December 2013: 2.24) respectively.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
The net working capital cycle was reduced from 56 days as at 31 December 2013 to 51 days as at 31 December 2014 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 33 days from last year (31 December 2013: 37 days) as a result of strengthened inventory control.
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, was 59 days (31 December 2013: 59 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, was 41 days (31 December 2013: 40 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest-bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 42% (31 December 2013: 42%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 44%:56% (31 December 2013: 30%:70%). During the year under review, the Group invested HK$2,100 million and HK$4,900 million in new production capacity and property development projects respectively. With a professional and seasoned management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive long-term returns to our shareholders. Less than 3% of the Group s bank borrowings were denominated in RMB, while the remainder were in Hong Kong dollars or 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy. It has entered into forward currency contracts in order to minimize the Group s foreign exchange exposure. As at 31 December 2014, such contracts had a fair value of HK$6.8 million. Other than the aforesaid instrument which was related to the Group s normal course of business, the Group did not enter into any other types of derivative financial instruments, nor did the Group have any material foreign exchange exposure during the year. The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirements of its operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2014, the Group had a global workforce of approximately 45,300 (31 December 2013: 43,800). The increase in workforce was mainly due to the increased staff force at the newly completed laminates plant in Jiangmen, Guangdong Province. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on the Group s overall financial achievement and employees individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. The Kingboard Institute of Management was established with a vision to focus on management training of middle and senior management for the Group. The Group also recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in its search for and nurture of talents. In future, the Group will continue its efforts in developing and retaining staff through its management training schemes, in order to add momentum to the long-term development of the Group.

Management holds an optimistic outlook for the Group s development in 2015 despite the intense competition in the global manufacturing sector.
We will strive to enhance the operating efficiency of all divisions. In view of the opportunities emerging from China s structural optimization of the manufacturing sector, we will increase our input in businesses related to environmental protection, waste-water treatment and energy and carbon emission reduction. We aim to achieve breakthrough leaps in profitability by leveraging on our industry-leading management expertise and human capital.
As over-capacity in the laminates market gradually eases, the market is returning to reasonable profitability levels. In the past few years, the Group has undertaken capacity enhancement works in high-performance laminates and other upstream materials, which have made increasing contributions to the Group s sales and profitability.
The PCB order book has also gradually strengthened, on the back of continuous growth of 4G network and automotive-related orders. The restructuring of Elec & Eltek Group will begin to show results in one to two years. We believe that upon completion of the restructuring, earnings of the division will recover to past high levels. During 2015, Elec & Eltek Group plans to discontinue production at its plant in Hong Kong. The premises will be converted to commercial properties for rental. Also, Elec & Eltek Group will redevelop certain unutilised land lot of plant in Guangzhou for use by data centres. As international oil prices stabilise and with more stringent inventory control, we believe the chemical division will be able to return to a generally steady and upward path of development.

The property division is entering the harvest phase with continued booking of property project sales expected over the next few years. The commercial properties in Shanghai and Kunshan will be completed in phases, and have been registering satisfactory rental results. These properties are expected to contribute a steady and significant stream of cash flow for the Group in future. Maintaining a solid financial position, the division has faced the market headwinds without the need for price reductions. The Group will focus on completing all existing projects with a view to delivering greater returns to 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2015 