Chairman s Statement Revenue Breakdown by Product 
It is my great pleasure to report to our shareholders that Kingboard Chemical Holdings Limited (the Group ) delivered resilient results for the financial year ended 31 December 2011 despite an extremely volatile and difficult operating landscape.
Export order demand was hit by the impact of the European sovereign debt crisis in the second half of the year. Furthermore, severe flooding in Thailand in the last quarter of 2011 ( FY11 Q4 ) caused serious disruption to the electronic component supply chain. As a result, electronic products manufacturers made aggressive inventory adjustments which in turn affected our revenue and earnings in the last quarter of 2011. Backed by a strong performance in the first half of 2011, the Group s revenue increased by 8% to HK$36,559.1 million while underlying net profit (excluding non-recurring items) declined by 26% to HK$2,583.5 million and basic earnings per share was HK$3.026.
Despite strong headwinds in the second half of 2011, our experienced management team managed to lead our employees to deliver profitable results from all core business segments.
Driven by buoyant domestic demand for chemical products in China, the Group s chemical division delivered impressive growth in both turnover and profit. The Group s property developments division continued to generate stable rental income from our investment properties during the year.
On the back of our solid financial strength and proven management team, the Group has built up an excellent business model with a balanced portfolio yielding diverse income streams.
This has created a concrete buffer for the Group against economic downturn and enables the Group to maintain our robust financial position. The Board proposed a final dividend of HK25 cents per share, together with the interim dividend of HK40 cents per share paid in September 2011, constitutes a total dividend per share of HK65 cents, representing a payout ratio of 
In 2011, global demand for electronic products was negatively impacted by the Japan earthquake in the first half-year, followed by the European sovereign debt crisis which in turn affected consumer confidence in the second half of the year. In addition, the severe flooding in Thailand in the second half of 2011 also caused significant disruption of component supply along the electronic supply chain which resulted in aggressive inventory adjustment by electronic products producers. As a result, laminate products demand was weak in the last quarter of 2011.
Hence, shipment volume and capacity utilization of laminates fell sharply in FY11 Q4, which in turn created immense pressure on our profit margins. However, domestic sales denominated in Renminbi ( RMB ) continued to be robust and increased by 13% compared to last year. Hence, turnover (including inter-segment sales) for the laminate division was similar to the previous year at HK$13,839.6 million. Volume sales decreased by around 9% against 2010 and average monthly shipment reached 8.5 million square metres. Despite a net increase in the average selling price of laminates against the previous year, continuous raw material price and other operating costs increase in 2011 in addition to lower capacity utilization in FY11 Q4 impacted our margin. Hence, earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation ( EBITDA ) decreased 26% to HK$2,517.6 million.
Similarly, the Printed Circuit Board ( PCB ) division was also impacted by rising costs pressure, softer demand as well as inventory adjustment by customers in the last quarter of the year.
Turnover for the PCB division declined by 7% to HK$8,116.1 million and EBITDA decreased 35% to HK$1,056.5 million. The Group has allocated resources in the past few years to expand the production capacity for high density interconnect ( HDI ) PCBs. The division successfully upgraded our product mix and expanded market share in this market segment. HDI PCB sales increased by 30% against the previous year, accounting for 17% of total PCB sales and generated good earnings contribution to 
Demand for chemical products continued to thrive in the Chinese domestic market. As crude oil price increased in 2011, chemical products selling prices showed an uptrend during the year. In the second half year, the on-going tightening monetary policy of the Chinese Government to tame inflations created very tough business conditions and in turn caused certain chemical prices to soften. During the year under review, our phenolacetone plant in Huizhou, Guangdong province continued to achieve outstanding performance. The Group s other chemical projects including Xingtai cokemethanol plant in Hebei province as well as Hengyang caustic soda plant in Hunan province also delivered attractive earnings for the Group. Turnover (including inter-segment sales) for the chemical division jumped 18% to HK$17,076.7 million and EBITDA rose by 6% to HK$2,120.9 million. Share of associates results (the bulk of which was contributed by our natural gas based methanol joint venture with China BlueChemical Limited) increased by 29% to HK$259.5 million as a result of higher methanol selling prices against last 
With regards to our property developments division, as at 31 December 2011, the Group had a land bank of over 4 million square metres with investment properties and residential projects located at prime locations in eastern and southern China. Our investment properties including Shanghai Kingboard Modern Plaza and Guangzhou Zhan Wang Digital Plaza located at central location with easy access and enjoyed good occupancy rates.
In addition, the newly renovated Guangzhou Dong Zhao Building was completed in March 2011 and occupancy rate reached over 60% of lettable area by the end of the year. Total rental income for the Group increased substantially by 88% to HK$236.9 million in 2011 from HK$125.7 million in 2010.
LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our financial and liquidity position continued to be solid. As at 31 December 2011, net current assets and current ratio of the Group were approximately HK$12,347.5 million (31 December 2010 HK$11,274.2 million) and 1.8 (31 December 2010 1.9) 
The net working capital cycle shortened from 65 days as at 31 December 2010 to 40 days as at 31 December 2011 on the following key metrics: Inventories, in terms of stock turnover days, decreased to 35 days. Total inventory amount decreased by 27% as the Group tightened control over inventory and reclassified HK$712.7 million copper foil inventory to other non-current assets in line with the 2 years licensing arrangement with an independent third party as announced in the announcement released by Kingboard Copper Foil Holdings Limited ( KBCF ) on 3 August 2011 (31 December 2010 55 days).
Trade receivables, in terms of debtors turnover days, reduced to 52 days (31 December 2010 56 days).
Trade and bills payables, in terms of creditors turnover days, reduced to 47 days (31 December 2010 46 days).
The Group s net gearing ratio (ratio of interest bearing borrowings net of cash and cash equivalents to total equity) was approximately 40% (31 December 2010: 23%). The proportion of bank borrowings between short term and long term stood at 37%: 63% (31 December 2010: 43%: 57%). During the year under review, the Group invested around HK$2.82 billion and HK$4 billion in new production capacity and property developments projects respectively. With a seasoned and professional management team coupled with our concrete business foundation and robust balance sheet, the Group is confident that these investments will generate stable and attractive returns to our shareholders in the future. About 7% of the Group s bank borrowings was denominated in RMB and the rest in Hong Kong or US dollars.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent financial management policy including the use of interest rates swap contract to minimize exposure to fluctuation in interest rates movement.
As at 31 December 2011, the outstanding notional amount of interest rate swap agreements stood at HK$930 million with a weighted average duration and interest rate of 0.38 year and 3.09% respectively. Other than derivative financial instruments in connection with our daily operations as mentioned above, the Group had not entered into any other type of derivative financial instruments throughout 2011. There was no material foreign exchange exposure to the Group during the year under review.
The Group s revenue, mostly denominated in Hong Kong dollars, RMB and US dollars, was fairly matched with the currency requirement of operating expenses.

As at 31 December 2011, the Group had a global workforce of over 43,200 (31 December 2010: 47,300). The decrease in headcount was in line with reduced business volume in the last quarter of last year. In addition to offering competitive salary packages, the Group grants share options and discretionary bonuses to eligible employees based on our overall financial achievement and their individual performance. The Group s continued success relies on a comprehensive human resources strategy. Kingboard Institute of Management was established with a vision to focus on management training of middle and senior management for the Group. The Group recruits fresh graduates from both mainland China and Hong Kong each year in search for talents for the Group. In the future, we will continue our effort to identify and develop staff via management training schemes in order to rejuvenate our management team to support the long term development of the Group.

After the Chinese Lunar New Year holidays in 2012, customer orders showed signs of improvement. Laminate prices also showed an uptrend as commodity prices recovered as compared against the end of last year. Hence, shipment volume and laminates production utilization improved in February 2012.
Export demand for electronic products is expected to be soft for the short term against a back-drop of sluggish global economic recovery. Management is confident over the future growth prospects of the Chinese domestic market. With the gradual loosening of the tight monetary policies in China, we expect to see further improvement in the business operating environment further along 2012. On the back of Chinese government s policy push to encourage domestic consumption and continuous improvement of living standard for Chinese citizens, demand for electronic products, especially smart phones and computer related products, is expected to maintain robust growth as the disposable income for Chinese consumers continue to increase.
This would definitely be a positive driver for laminates demand.
We will continue to invest in product mix enhancement and business development in the domestic China market in order to advance our market share. Plans are underway to expand laminates production capacity for both Jiangyin plant, Jiangsu province and Jiangmen plant, Guangdong province in the current year to capture business opportunities for thin and high- 
For the PCB division, our new PCB facility at Yi Zheng Industrial Park, Yangzhou, Jiangsu province is expected to commence trial production in the second quarter of this year. Annual capacity is expected to reach 6 million sq.ft by the end of this year.
Furthermore, our two dedicated HDI PCB plants in Kunshan, Jiangsu province and Kaiping, Guangdong province also plan to expand production capacity in 2012 to meet customer demand.
For the chemical division, the new phenolacetone plant at Yangzhou, Jiangsu province with an annual capacity of 300,000 metric tonnes is expected to commence trial production in the second quarter. Meanwhile, capability enhancement plans for the existing phenolacetone plant at Huizhou, Guangdong province are currently under review and expected to be completed in 
Leasing activities for our investment property Guangzhou Dong Zhao Building have made good progress. Another key commercial project, Guangzhou Kingboard Plaza located at a prime location in Zhujiang Xincheng, Guangzhou is expected to be completed by end 2012. These projects will fuel rental income growth in China over the next two years. The tightening policies introduced by the Central Government over the domestic property market are likely to continue. The Group will adjust our existing land reserve development plans subject to changes in market conditions. A cautious and prudent approach will be adopted on further land bank acquisitions to ensure that quality land at reasonable price is acquired by the Group. Our first residential project Shanghai Yu Garden in Kunshan, Jiangsu province has pre-sold over 99% of units with cash receipts in excess of RMB1.1 billion. Owing to the processing time required to get the title deeds from the authorities, earnings in connection with this project are expected to be booked in the first half of 2012. In addition, construction of another residential project Qiandeng Kingboard Yu Garden in Kunshan, Jiangsu province has commenced with a target completion by end of 2013. To date, around 30% of the available units have been sold under Phase I of the project.
Operating landscape for the Group in 2012 remains challenging.
Nevertheless, our experienced management team will maintain a prudent financial management strategy and continue to sharpen the competitive edge of our core businesses. The Group will respond promptly to changes in the market and any business opportunities with decisive action. We are confident that the Group will continue to deliver attractive returns to our shareholders in future.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, customers, banks, the management and employees for their unreserved support to the Group in the past year.
Cheung Kwok Wing 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2012 