Chairman’s
Statement
It is with great delight that I present China Merchants
Port Holdings Company Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidaries’ (the “Group”) 2016 annual report and its audited
financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2016.
In 2016, the global economy continued its deep adjustment.
The economic growth rate further slowed down and the
risks arisen from various changes further increased. Growth
momentum varied with different developed economies,
while the overall growth rate of the emerging markets and
developing economies gradually stabilised. International
trade remained sluggish and the growth rate of port industry
continued to slow down. Albeit the adverse macroeconomic
environment, the Group had, with the construction of a
comprehensive port ecosystem as a pivot, adhered to our
strategic plans and the “Six Breakthroughs”, the key objectives
proposed at the meeting held at the beginning of the year,
to pursue various designated tasks in a comprehensive and
effective manner and successfully accomplished various
operational goals.
In 2016, the overall operating performance of the Group
can be summarised by “five merits”, namely a steady and
orderly kickoff, well-planned consolidation, successful port
networking, innovation-in-progress and powerful “Dual
Drives”. In terms of ports operation, the domestic and
overseas projects in which the Group invested delivered a
record-high container throughput of 95.77 million TEUs
in aggregate, up 14.5% from 2015, among which the
container throughput handled by the Group’s overseas ports
grew by 5.7% year-on-year to 16.96 million TEUs, with
Colombo International Container Terminals Limited (“CICT”)
in Sri Lanka continuing a significant growth and achieved a
breakthrough of 2 million TEUs. In terms of designated tasks,
overseas expansion including in Djibouti has made substantial
progress. The consolidation of domestic ports operation,
through the equity investment in Dalian Port (PDA) Company
Limited (“Dalian Port”), becoming the largest shareholder of
Zhanjiang Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“ZPG”) with the interests
held by the Group and its parent company, promoting the
strategic cooperation in the region with Shanghai International
Port (Group) Co., Ltd. (“SIPG”), 浙江省海港投資運營集團有限
公司 (“Zhejiang PG”) and 汕頭港務集團有限公司 (“Shantou
PG”), have also achieved preliminary results. Through the
investments in 中糧招商局 (深圳) 糧食電子交易中心有限公
司, Silk Road E-Merchants Information Technologies Co., Ltd.
(“Silk Road E-Merchants”), Shenzhen Baohong Ecommerce
Integrated Services Co., Ltd. to participate in innovation
projects such as an integrated electronic bulk trading platform
for grains (“exgrain.com”), a comprehensive global trade
service platform (“Silk Road Station”) and the crossborder
e-commerce integrated service platform (“Globex
e-Services”) have shown promising development signs, and
capital management in existing portfolio that were driven by
integration of industry with elements of finance have provided
solid support for the enhancement of the Group’s results.
Operating Results
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Group in 2016
amounted to HK$5,494 million, representing an increase
of 14.3% from 2015. Of this amount, recurrent profit Note1
totalled HK$4,581 million, an increase of 2.7% from 2015. The
proportion of EBITDA Note2 derived from the Group’s core port
operations increased from 77.7% in 2015 to 78.6% in 2016.
Dividends
The Board of Directors of the Group has resolved to propose
at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment
of a final dividend of 65 HK cents per ordinary share which,
together with the interim dividend of 22 HK cents per share
already paid, will give a total dividend of 87 HK cents per
ordinary share for the whole year, representing a payout ratio
of 41.5%. Subject to the approval by shareholders at the
forthcoming Annual General Meeting, the final dividend for
ordinary shares will be payable on or around 18 July 2017 to
shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company as at 9 June 2017.Review for the Year
The year under review was a turbulent year filled with “black
swan events” around the world. The progress of globalisation
faced tough challenges, such as regional turmoil, struggles
among major countries and development of geopolitical
landscapes. Against this backdrop of macroeconomic
environment, the global economic growth was lower than
expected and appeared to vary with different economies,
resulting in increased uncertainties. According to “World
Economic Outlook” report published in January 2017, the
International Monetary Fund (“IMF”) revealed that global
economy grew by 3.1% in 2016, down 0.1 percentage point
from that of 2015. Of this, that for the developed economies
grew 1.6%, down 0.5 percentage point from that of 2015,
which was lower than expected while emerging markets and
developing economies recorded a growth of 4.1%, which
remained at the same level of 2015. Global trade volume
(including goods and services) grew by 1.9%, representing a
further decrease of 0.8 percentage point from that for 2015.
In 2016, China’s GDP grew by 6.7% for the year and its
economic growth rate remained at the top position among
major economies. The economic development trend is
broadly stable with steady growth. Attributing to soft
external demand, negative growth was seen in China’s total
export and import value for the year, with total trade value
amounting to US$3.68 trillion, a decrease of 6.8% over that
of 2015. However, it demonstrated a positive upward trend
for the year, which has been stabilising quarter by quarter. In
the fourth quarter, both import and export values recorded
a positive growth. Container throughput handled by ports
of significant scale in China totalled 218 million TEUs during
2016, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.6%, or a
decrease of 0.5 percentage points over that of 2015 in growth
rate.
In light of unfavourable global economic and trade
environment, the global ports growth continued to slow
down in 2016. Benefitting from the contribution from newly
acquired projects, as well as the volume growth of projects in
Hong Kong, Taiwan and overseas, the Group’s ports operation
was able to outperform the industry by registering a total
container throughput of 95.77 million TEUs, which represented
a 14.5% year-on-year rise and bulk cargo throughput of
460 million tonnes, representing an increase of 30.2% yearon-year.
Looking into the regional performance, container
throughput handled by the Group’s ports in Mainland China
totalled 71.93 million TEUs, up 17.0%. Ports in Hong Kong
and Taiwan handled a combined container throughput of 6.88
million TEUs, up 12.0%, while overseas operations delivered a
container throughput of 16.96 million TEUs, up 5.7%. Among
the major ports in the Group’s portfolio, SIPG, handling a
container throughput of 37.13 million TEUs, or a year-on-year
increase of 1.6%, continued to be the world’s largest operator
for seven consecutive years. Container throughput handled
by the Group’s terminals in West Shenzhen was 10.97 million
TEUs for the year, up 2.0%, which was 3 percentage points
higher than the overall growth of ports in Shenzhen. In the
overseas arena, CICT in Sri Lanka delivered a noticeable growth
of 29.1%, handling a container throughput of 2.02 million
TEUs, while Lomé Container Terminal S.A. in Togo handled a
container throughput of 0.53 million TEUs in 2016, up 5.1%.
Ports de Djibouti S.A. handled a container throughput of 0.99
million TEUs, up 10.1%. Terminal Link SAS disposed its 35%
equity interests in Container Handling Zeebrugge in Belgium
by the end of 2015 and handled container throughput of
12.35 million TEUs during the year, representing a decrease of
2.1%.
In 2016, the Group insisted on following the strategic
guidance and adhered to the three strategic directives
of “focus on domestic markets, overseas expansion and
innovation”, seeking to achieve breakthroughs among six
major aspects including homebase port development, ports
consolidation, overseas expansion, capital management in
existing portfolio by integration of industry with elements of
finance, operational transformation and business innovation.
The Group has achieved remarkable progress over the past
year thus ensuring the sustainable growth of the Group’s core
ports operation and its business performance.
With respect to homebase port development, the phase
II of Tonggu Channel widening project has commenced
construction in November 2016 and will be completed by the
end of 2017. The project will be of significant importance to
the improvement of navigation conditions in accommodating
the trend of deployment of mega-vessels. Synchronisation
of operations within West Shenzhen Port Zone was further
facilitated by establishing a financial resource sharing centre
to unify the accounting operation in order to share financial
workforce. Since the cooperation between West Shenzhen
Port Zone, Sinotrans Guangdong Co., Ltd. and Chu Kong
Shipping Enterprises (Group) Company Limited in respect of
domestic feeder business has made substantial progress, the
Group’s influence in such regions was further enhanced, which
was beneficial to the implementation of “one-stop” service
model in the Pearl River Delta. Regarding the innovation on
customs clearance regulatory model, the Group has reached
a consensus on the development of certain new businesses
including finance lease, bonded display, e-commerce and
parallel import of cars with the customs.
As for ports consolidation, based on “regional consolidation
and enhancement of synergy”, the Group proactively captured
the opportunities arising from the consolidation and reform of
the ports along coastal regions in China. On 12 January 2016,
the Group entered into a share purchase agreement with
Dalian Port, after which the Group becomes its second largest
shareholder. This marked a major step forward to further
expand in Bohai Rim in the future. For Yangtze River Delta
region, the Group actively discussed with SIPG and Zhejiang
PG to strengthen the cooperation on ports operation in the
region. For Pearl River Delta region, the Group and its parent
company became the largest shareholder of ZPG by virtue
of their interest in the company, while at the same time, the
Group put greater efforts in the strategic cooperation with
Shantou PG, which is favourable for the Group to promote
resources consolidation for ports operations in Pearl River
Delta region.
Regarding overseas expansion, on the basis of optimising
the projects as a whole, the Group continued to focus on
promoting the development of the projects and strengthening
its presence in overseas markets, with the goals to “solidify
ports layout in Asia, improve ports network in Africa, expand
footprint in Europe and acquire new exposure in Americas”. In
2016, the Group discussed with the Togolese government on
further cooperation in Togo. The Group also made proactive
efforts to participate in Djibouti Free Trade Zone project and
has made substantial progress. As for various ports projects
in Europe, Central and South America, South Asia and Africa,
the Group has followed up closely on the progress. In 2016,
the Group’s overseas projects, contributing 17.7% of its total
container throughput, has become an important growth driver
of the Group.
With respect to capital management in existing portfolio by
integration of industry with elements of finance, in 2016,
the Group established the Capital Management Department
and a platform company that engages in the investment in
and equity integration of domestic ports. Besides, meaningful
exploration was made in respect of assets optimisation,
fair values realisation and asset securitisation and actions
were taken accordingly. The gains on capital operation have
provided strong support for the growth of the Group’s results.
In terms of operational transformation, by adhering to the
construction of a comprehensive port ecosystem as a pivot, the
Group completed the top-level design of the ecosystem with
the transformation and upgrade of facilities as means, while
conducting on-site research and communication regarding the
implementation of ecosystem for the major ports in China.
The Group also conducted study on and restructuring on
the invested companies with a focus on the development of
comprehensive port services business.
With regards to business innovation, the Group’s new
businesses demonstrated good momentum of growth in 2016.
For example, Silk Road E-Merchants established a training
centre in Djibouti, while “exgrain.com” recorded a cumulative
spot trading volume of over 12 million tonnes in 2016 and
was rewarded “Top 50 B2B Bulk Trading Company in China of
2016” (2016年全國大宗B2B 50強). Besides, the construction
plan of “E-port” project in the West Shenzhen Port Zone was
completed and will be implemented in three years, with a view
to building a unified service platform for the West Shenzhen
Port Zone.
Future prospects
In 2017, the global economy is expected to demonstrate
a sluggish recovery in growth with obvious imbalance of
performance varying across different countries. Although
the projections for economic growth in the United States
are relatively positive, it will still be tough for the Euro Zone
and Japan to get rid of difficulties, and the steady growth of
emerging markets and developing economies will remain the
major drivers for the global economic growth. On the other
hand, factors such as political confrontation, regional conflicts,
trade protection and anti-globalisation will add uncertainties to
the global economic growth. According to the latest forecast
published by IMF, the global economy is expected to grow by
3.4% in 2017, up 0.3 percentage point from that in 2016,
while developed economies are projected to grow by 1.9%,
an increase of 0.3 percentage point from 2016. Among which,
the projected growth of the United States, Japan and the Euro
Zone are 2.3%, 1.6% and 0.8% respectively, an increase of
0.7 percentage point from 2016 for the United States and a
decrease of 0.1 percentage point for Japan and the Euro Zone
respectively. The emerging markets and developing economies
are forecasted to grow by 4.5% in 2017, up 0.4 percentage
point from that in 2016, while world trade volume (including
goods and services) is projected to grow by 3.8% in 2017,
showing recovery to a certain extent as compared to 2016.
China’s economy is expected to grow by 6.5% in 2017 as
structural economic reforms continue to deepen.
Against the backdrop of a feeble economic recovery and the
restorative growth of world trade, the global port industry
is again anticipating a picture of slow growth in 2017 with
performance varying across regions. The three largest shipping
alliances have commenced operation in 2017. The supply
glut in shipping industry will persist and the transition from
competition to consolidation will be the main development
trend for regional ports. It is expected that the Group’s ports
operation will still maintain a relatively positive growth mainly
driven by the rapid growth of new projects and overseas
projects.
The year of 2017 is critical to achieving the three-year
strategic goal. Constantly gravitating upon the strategic
vision of “to be a world’s leading comprehensive port service
provider”, the Group will further promote the construction of
a comprehensive port ecosystem, enhance quality, efficiency
and capability, as well as strengthen, optimise and expand the
core ports operation. The Group will strive for the achievement
of three strategies directives of “Consolidation”, “Port-ZoneCity”
and “Innovation” with designed tasks as set out below:
Firstly, in order to facilitate the development of the homebase
port, the Group will dedicate efforts to constantly pursue
consolidation and unification of the West Shenzhen Port Zone
and step up its efforts in improving both the software and
hardware of the homebase port. The Group will ensure the
construction progress of Tonggu Channel and commence
transformation of Mawan smart ports as scheduled in order to
proactively proceed with the upgrade and transformation of
the Qianhai-Shekou Free Trade Zone. The above measures are
in support of the establishment of “single window” for free
trade zones carried out by the municipal government, with a
view to improving the customs clearance environment on an
going basis.
Secondly, in respect of consolidation of ports in China, the
Group will carry out in-depth study on the “five main” coastal
regions, namely the Bohai Rim, the Yangtze River Delta region,
the Pearl River Delta region, the south-eastern coastal region
and the south-western coastal region, and seek to capture
opportunities for expansion of the ports network layout within
China. The Group will lead new directions for consolidation
of regional ports by focusing on its core strategies and exert
every effort in promoting the development.
Thirdly, in terms of the expansion of overseas ports network,
the Group will optimise the layout by leveraging on the
strategic investment opportunities offered by the “Belt and
Road” initiative with an emphasis on enhancing synergy. It
will formulate specific work plan as scheduled, while closely
monitor the key projects to facilitate the implementation of
new projects.
Fourthly, with regards to the construction of a comprehensive
port ecosystem, the Group will nurture a comprehensive port
ecosystem by taking “E-Port” as the starting point and step
up its efforts to promote a comprehensive port development
model of “Port-Zone-City”. Meanwhile, stemming from the
foundation built upon successful experience of its existing
“Internet+” businesses such as Silk Road Station, exgrain.
com and Globex e-Services, the Group will actively explore
the “Port+” operational model with an aim to enrich the
Group’s business propositions as a comprehensive port
services provider and thus achieve business transformation and
upgrade of the ports operation.
Lastly, in terms of the capital management in existing portfolio
by integration of industry with elements of finance, the Group
will continue to apply the “Dual Drivers” development model
of assets and capital. More efforts will be put in internal
research and reinforce the application of capital management
by the integration of industry with elements of finance on
multiple levels in order to provide growth drivers to upgrade
the Group’s existing operations and business performances,
thereby achieving the goal of improving production efficiency
through the integration of finance elements.
Looking into 2017, with global economy and trade velocity
recovering at a slow pace and supply glut in the shipping
industry, the prospect for global ports industry remains
challenging. Nonetheless, we will tackle these situations
rationally by taking proactive actions to seek for innovations
and changes to overcome all difficulties, and endeavour to
enhance the Group’s operating results with an aim to deliver
better investment return for shareholders.
Investor Relations
The Group, as always, strives to maintain a smooth investor
relation through enhanced communication and exchanges
with the investment community with a view to raising their
timely understanding of, and confidence towards, the Group.
More than 670 visits by investors and analysts were received
and/or met by the Group in 2016, including on-site visits and
meetings with our senior management. The Group also keeps
close contact with its shareholders and the investors through
regular roadshow activities conducted from time to time across
international investment markets, as a means to enhance the
Group’s transparency and, in turn, governance standards, all
towards establishing for the Group a positive corporate image
as a listed company.
Credit Rating
Standard and Poor’s and Moody’s, the credit rating agencies,
maintained the Group’s credit ratings at BBB+ and Baa1
respectively in 2016.
Appreciation
The Group has worked in concerted effort to steer through
difficulties and achieve new breakthroughs amid the adverse
macroeconomic and trade environment in 2016. All its works
were completed successfully and steady improvement was
seen in its operating results, which could not have been
accomplished without the undivided dedication from all of
our staff or the support from our shareholders and investors,
business partners and those who have taken to heart the
Group’s interest in the society. For this, I would like to extend
my most sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude.
Li Xiaopeng
Chairman
Hong Kong, 29 March 2017