Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the Group s 2012 annual report and audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 
During the year under review, the deep-rooted impact induced by the global financial crisis continued to surface, thereby causing the global economic growth to continue to decelerate. Under such deteriorating macro-economic environment, the Group s ports operation was inevitably affected, although its overall performance was better than expected and the industry s average. In 2012, by closely adhering to its established development strategy, the Group has progressed along with its stable course while consecutively succeeding in achieving breakthroughs in panning out its international port network. In addition, remarkable progress in the integration and optimization of the Group s ports in China was seen while new businesses achieved enhancement in both scale and profitability, all in all reflecting another step of advancement in the Group s management ability towards refining its operations.
In order to attain the strategic goal of becoming a world- leading port operator and investor, in 2012, the Group continued to broaden its overseas port network while strengthening its strategic collaboration and cooperation in international businesses with leading global container shipping liners. These efforts not only elevated the competitive position of respectively the liners and the Group in the international arena, but also helped the Group to secure and ensure its existing port business whilst maintaining momentum in fostering sustainable growth. In respect of ports operation, the Group continued to emphasize on integrating resources and improving efficiency in overall asset utilization. Through the continual implementation of a streamlined management processes, the Group has made outstanding achievements in optimization of the Group s businesses, efficiency improvement, innovative development and construction of green port , thereby further strengthening the Group s core competitiveness.

The profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company in 2012 amounted to HK$3,818 million, representing a decrease of 31.7% from 2011. Of this amount, recurrent profit totaled HK$3,373 million, a decrease of 17.1% from 2011. The proportion of EBITDA derived from the Group s core ports operation to the Group s total increased from 70.1% in 2011 to 71.5%.
In 2012, the Group recorded revenue of HK$11,022 million, representing an increase of 16.4% year-on-year.

The Board of Directors has resolved to propose at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting the payment of a final dividend of 48 HK cents per share which, together with the interim dividend already paid, will give a total dividend of 70 HK cents per share for the whole year (giving a payout ratio of 45.7%). Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming general meeting, the final dividend will be payable on or around 30 July 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company as at 24 June 2013.
Review for the year The continued deceleration in global economic growth during the year under review has led to the developed economies less-than-satisfactory growth and the emerging and developing economies notable decline in economic growth, resulting in a contraction in global demand and a declining growth in international trade activities. According to statistics published by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ), global economic growth dropped to 3.2% and the growth in total world trade volume fell by 4.1 percentage points to 2.8% in 
China s economic growth in 2012, though at a considerably lower rate when compared to those of previous years, still topped the world s league. China s GDP for the whole year grew 7.8%, 1.5 percentage points lower than that for 2011.
In terms of foreign trade, China recorded a net export of US$231.1 billion in 2012, dragging down the GDP growth by 0.4 percentage point and making a negative contribution to GDP. China s total import and export volume for the year rose by 6.2%, down by approximately 16 percentage points year-on-year. Nevertheless, container throughput handled by ports in China totaled 177 million TEUs in 2012, or a growth rate of 8.2% year-on-year which, although weakened by 3.2 percentage points, still exceeded the respective growth rates for GDP and trade volume.
In 2012, the Group s ports handled a total container throughput volume of more than 60 million TEUs, representing an increase of 5.1% from that in 2011, and 327 million tonnes of bulk cargos, showing a slight increase of 0.8% from that in 2011. Geographically, container throughput handled by the Group s ports in Mainland China grew by 7.0% in 2012, exceeding the growth rate of foreign trade-derived container throughput handled by Mainland China s ports by approximately 2.5 percentage points. Owing to weakening demand, throughput handled by our ports in Hong Kong decreased by approximately 10%. Among the Group s other ports, the Qingdao project continued to maintain its solid growth momentum notwithstanding a challenging economic environment, with a year-on-year growth of 107.5% and a total throughput of 4.30 million TEUs. Shanghai International Port (Group) Co., Ltd. handled a total throughput of 32.53 million TEUs and kept its position as the world s top terminal in terms of throughput handled.
Ports in West Shenzhen grew modestly in 2012 with a handled throughput of 11.58 million TEUs.
B a s e d o n t h e t h r e e s t r a t eg i c o b j e c t i v e s o f internationalization, integrating and upgrading homebase port capabilities, and service chain extension , the Group has been actively pursuing development on various fronts in 2012, achieving significant breakthroughs in expansion of its international port network, integration of Shenzhen homebase port, achieving streamlined management, and development of bonded port zone.
Internationalization has been one of the key strategic directions of the Group in recent years. With the implementation of this strategy, the Group has gradually established its market position in the international port business, thereby achieving its strategic goal of becoming one of the world s leading port operators, with which to support the continuous and sustainable development of the Group s core businesses. During the year under review, the Group has significantly accelerated its port internationalization by successively acquiring stakes in terminals in Lom of Togo (West Africa), Kaohsiung of Taiwan, Djibouti (East Africa), and Colombo of Sri Lanka. In addition, the Group concluded in January 2013 an agreement with CMA CGM SA from whom to acquire 49% equity interests in Terminal Link SAS, the twelfth largest port operator in the world. All these port assets the Group acquired or agreed to acquire are strategically located at either prime locations in their respective regions or along major international shipping routes and are, therefore, fully capable to capture growth potential, in terms of ocean-bound cargo flow demand or transshipment businesses, derived from the economic and international trade expansion trends expected of the respective hinterlands. Businesses at these ports synergise with those of the Group s existing ports in Mainland China and overseas, which helped to scale up the Group s network while further anchoring the Group s position in the international container terminal industry. In addition, the Group expected most of these assets acquired, or agreed to be acquired, to be immediately earnings-contributing even after taking account of the relevant financing costs.
Meanwhile, the Group continues to explore potential investments in other overseas port projects. Along with its international footprint gradually extended and its port network along coastal China s three major economic regions enhanced and augmented, these would lead to the Group being ranked among the world s top global port operators.
The port assets thus far acquired have helped to expand the Group s presence at locations along major international shipping routes, thus enabling the Group to not only effectively capture the growth momentum of global trade, but also strengthen its long-term strategic relationship with major shipping liners, thereby laying a solid foundation for the Group from which to stem itself as a ports-focused logistics-service provider for the international maritime 
Simultaneously as the Group was expanding its international exposure, it continued to devote its resources in China, focusing on strengthening its homebase ports in West Shenzhen so as to maintain its leading position in China s port industry. The Group agreed in December 2012 to acquire an additional 25% equity interest in Shenzhen Chiwan Wharf Holdings Limited ( Shenzhen Chiwan ), and has brought Shenzhen Chiwan and West Shenzhen Port Zone under its full and direct management and control through the entrustment over shares in Shenzhen Chiwan held by China Nanshan Development (Group) Incorporation, resulting in significant progress in the integration of the West Shenzhen 
In respect of port information system, the Group s self- developed container operation management system named CM Port was successfully launched in West Shenzhen Port Zone in May 2012. The system s advanced design and reliability will enable the Group to elevate its operational efficiency, promote its best practices and develop its core competitiveness. In respect of other areas, various aspects of operation including an upgrade of berths, establishment of sea-rail inter-modal transportation, dry ports and customs- inspection environment are all in the process of substantive development. The Group has been and will continue to be committed to developing a homebase port with state-of-the- art technologies and core competitiveness, thus driving the transformation of the port industry.
In 2012, the Group mainly focused its efforts, in terms of streamlining management, on the development of a management platform, innovative development, the construction of green ports and information technology application. The development of a refined management platform, which has made quantitative analysis and evaluation of the Group s operations possible, is expected to play an important role in enhancing the level of supervision on operations, performance management and control and benchmarking management, as well as implementing a closed cycle management system comprising decision making, implementation monitoring, assessment feedback and decision adjustment. Innovative development, including transformation in operations, processes, technologies and management, is not only the essence of elevating the standard of refined management, but also a corporate culture the Group has been advocating. The construction of energy-conserving and emission-reducing green ports is a requirement for development of modern ports, and is also one of the social responsibilities the Group as an enterprise has to assume. Acknowledging this, the Group has been staying ahead in the China port industry in this respect. As for information technology application, with the approval granted by the Ministry of Transport, the Group was entitled special funding dedicated for the development of the National Container Sea-rail Inter-modal Transportation Network Application (Shenzhen Port) Demonstration Project in 2012, and the container and bulk cargo operation system developed by the Group is becoming more widely applied in both domestic and foreign markets.
In 2012, the Group s bonded logistics operations has experienced growth amidst a challenging environment, which was reflected in the improvement of utilization rate of its storage facilities, the enlargement of business scale and the exploration of new businesses for China Merchants Bonded Logistics Co., Ltd. ( CMBL ), China Merchants International Container Terminal (Qingdao) Co., Ltd., which operates its bonded logistics business in the Qingdao Logistics Park (the Qingdao Logistics Project ), and Tianjin Haitian Bonded Logistics Company Limited. The robust growth in cargo volume handled and expansion of the customs declaration business of CMBL has led to doubling of its operating results and a 15% increase in container volume generated from the collaboration of the logistics parks and West Shenzhen Port Zone. The introduction of key customers has conveniently promoted the rapid development of the logistics parks and closer collaboration between the logistics parks and their corresponding port zones. Driven by an ever-increasing utilization rate, the Qingdao Logistics Project has recorded steady growth in its operation, while Tianjin Haitian Bonded Logistics Company Limited has experienced rapid growth thanks to the addition of new business. As a growth driver fostered by the Group with priority, bonded logistics parks are gradually showing their potential, and with an increasing policy support and the innovative development of logistics parks services, bonded logistics operations will bring in greater development space in the future.
The Group s cold chain logistics operation still remained at its nurturing stage. In order to achieve the strategic goal of becoming a leading public cold chain service-provider in China , the Group has been, on the one hand, focusing on the establishment of a public platform for cold chain services and, on the other, actively promoting the innovative development of cold chain services. In 2012, supported by the backbone of a cold chain network currently comprising presences in 10 cities in China, China Merchants Americold Holdings Company Limited and China Merchants Americold Logistics Company Limited, being the Group s cold chain logistics operation platform, have increased their efforts in developing the cold chain market, lifting the efficiency in resource deployment, further optimizing the business structure, as well as taking leaps in the expansion of new market. Going forward, the Group will continue to leverage on its superiority in ports network, support from our parent company, operational management and public relations to vitalize and nourish the development of its cold chain 
Chairman s Statement 10 CHINA MERCHANTS HOLDINGS (INTERNATIONAL) COMPANY LIMITED 
In its World Economic Outlook report released on 23 January 2013, the IMF lowered its earlier forecast made in October 2012 by projecting the global economy to grow 3.5% and 4.1% respectively in 2013 and 2014. It is stated in the report that factors suppressing economic activities will subside in 2013 and global economic growth will gradually increase, yet in a slow pace. It is also stressed in the report that policies shall be implemented to stimulate economic growth and to address possible downside risks, which include, amongst others, a prolonged stagnation of the Euro-zone economy and potentially excessive fiscal consolidation by the United States in the near term. According to forecasts of the IMF, developing economies in the Asian region will remain as one of the highest-growth economies, with China s economic growth rate estimated to be 8.2% and 8.5% in 2013 and 2014 respectively. With the recovery of the global economy, resumption of growth will be seen in international services and trade, with a projected growth rate of 3.8% and 5.5% in 2013 and 2014 respectively.
Driven by the stabilization and recovery of the global economy and trade velocity, ports business globally is expected to rebound modestly in 2013. The Group s existing ports are mainly located in China, and are therefore conveniently positioned to benefit from the momentum derived from the relatively faster growth expected of China s domestic economy and of the Asian region s thriving trade activities. Meanwhile, the commencement of operation of the Group s overseas green-field projects and the addition of the newly-acquired operating projects are expected to add new growth drivers to the Group.
In 2013, the Group will continue to adhere to its three key strategies of internationalization, integrating and upgrading homebase port capabilities, and service chain extension in propelling the Group to pursue the goal of becoming a leading global port operator and investor.
As regards its process of internationalization, the Group will continue to build its global ports network with an emphasis on international and regional hub ports. The Group will closely monitor potential overseas investment opportunities for both operating and green-field projects, recognising the Group s need to balance between instant earnings accretion and longer-term potential. In addition, the Group will continue to actively groom its team of internationalized port operation professionals through more frequent personnel exchanges, training, learning and cooperation on the international front. Meanwhile, the Group will work towards building an integrated port operation model that can be adopted globally, particularly in the emerging markets.
As for the integration and upgrading of its homebase ports in Shenzhen, along with the attainment of management control in Shenzhen Chiwan, the Group is committed to ensure that ports operational management is fully integrated so as to facilitate the transformation and upgrade of its homebase ports, through which to enhance these assets overall operational efficiency and profitability. Through appropriately positioning along the Pearl River, enhancing the barge network at the Pearl River Delta, and smoothening of sea-rail inter-modal connectivity in conjunction with establishment of dry ports, the Group seeks to further improve its distribution reach-out along with an expansion of its cargo-flow catchment area. Besides, the Group will continue to elevate these ports ability to attract cargo flows by persuading the government to enlarge the bonded port zone alongside transforming these ports into free-trade, and streamlining the customs clearance process with improved port service quality. On the operational management front, the Group will continue to refine its streamlined management so as to promote the innovative development of ports, including the application of state-of-the-art information technology and advanced ports-related knowledge to establish modern 
For new operations such as bonded logistics and cold chain, the Group will continue its efforts to identify new growth drivers and explore possibilities to appropriately expand the logistic flows supply chain or value chain. In anticipation of market potential derived from an improved economic environment in China after decades of development and, in turn, a gradually growing domestic consumption demand, the Group is determined to strengthen its efforts to explore China s cold chain market whilst pursuing structural improvement with a view to establishing a cold chain service platform and forcefully developing new operations. The Group also intends to fully tap into the policy incentives offered at the bonded port zone and to adopt innovative business models to rapidly achieve growth along with scale expansion in the cold chain service sector.
Looking into the Year 2013, amid a mild recovery in global economy and trade, the Group s ports operation is expected to encounter development opportunities which the Group will, through keeping a clear vision of its current positioning, capture while navigating cautiously forward, all in all for the purpose of ensuring the sustainable and stable growth of the Group s operating results and generating better investment returns for its shareholders.

The Group will continue to manage our relationship with investors through enhanced communication and exchanges with all investors and efforts to help raise their understanding and confidence towards the Group. More than 500 visits by investors and analysts were received by the Group in 2012, including on-site visits and meetings with our management.
The Group also maintains close contact with shareholders through regular roadshow activities conducted in the United States, Europe and Asia from time to time, with an aim of enhancing the Group s transparency and governance level and establishing a positive corporate image as a listed 
The Group s credit ratings by Standard & Poor s and Moody s are presently maintained at BBB and Baa2 respectively.

The Year 2012 was a special year during which the Group succeeded in effectively achieving the goals and objectives set with noticeable performance. These achievements could not have been accomplished without the dedicated efforts from all our staff or the support from all our shareholders, business partners and those who have taken to heart the Group s interest. For this, to all parties concerned, I would like to extend my sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude.
Dr. Fu Yuning 
