Chairman s Letter 
We have gone through a transformational year at First Pacific. On 10 June 2012 the founder of our Company, Soedono Salim, passed away at the age of 97, more than three decades after founding what has become the premier investment management and holding company in Southeast Asia. First Pacific now has a market capitalization well in excess of US$5 billion and we have every prospect of continuing strength as our operating companies take part in and benefit from growth in our region.
First Pacific has evolved immensely over these 32 years but one characteristic has remained constant: creating long-term value. Indofood s recent joint ventures and investments will enhance its standing as Indonesia s premier vertically integrated food company from soil to plate, as we say internally.
Indofood s Agribusiness units are growing steadily both organically and via acquisition. PLDT remains the biggest telecommunications company in the Philippines and continues to add to its subscribers while its two-year US$1.6 billion capital expenditure program which culminated in 2012 has prepared it for a new era of growth in digital broadband. Our infrastructure investment firm, MPIC, is well capitalized following a record earnings year for new growth and new investments. Our gold and copper mining company Philex is overcoming its production shutdown in 2012 and is steadily building its Silangan project, one of the few world-class mining ventures in the Philippines. Our new investment in Singaporean electricity generation will begin delivering cash flows in 2014.
As we look towards 2013 and beyond, our subsidiaries and affiliates report that they are confident of continuing growth ahead. At First Pacific our cash flows are strong enough to deliver a record 29% of recurring profit of 2012 in dividends to shareholders. Our share repurchase program continues with funds amounting up to 10% of recurring profit devoted to buying back and canceling shares, thereby increasing the value of each share held by our shareholders.
Notwithstanding uncertainties in more mature markets, we remain confident of continuing strong growth in our region. The First Pacific Group of companies looks to the future with cautious optimism.

19 March 2013 