In 2010, despite the challenges of the Quantitative Easing policies brought by the Federal Reserve in the United States and the severe infl ationary pressures in the PRC, the Chinese economy still recorded a 10.3% growth in its gross domestic product ( GDP ) and ranked as the world s second largest economy. Benefi ting from the rapid growth in the Chinese economy and with the appropriate marketing policy of the Group, the total revenue of the Group increased by 31.2% to US$2,244.1 million in 2010. In addition, although the increase in cost of raw materials had certain impact on the gross profit of the Group, our operating profit in 2010 increased by 23.4% to US$439.1 million as compared with that of 2009. Profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company also increased by 14.6% to US$358.4 million as compared with that of the previous 
1. BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2010: To further reinforce the presence of our Want Want brand and products at the retail market and various distribution channels allowing the Group to maintain the competitive advantage of sustainable development in the Chinese market in the future, the Group implemented the following principal business strategies during 2010: 
" Strengthening of distribution network The Group effectively consolidated the customer resources in the first-tier and second-tier cities and completed a nationwide exclusive distributor system, which will stabilize the price of Want Want products and safeguard distributors interests. In line with this measure, we also completed the grading system for our distributors and established a market audit team to ensure the effective implementation of the Group s policy in every aspect and at each point of sale 1. BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2010: (continued) " Displaying the advantages of our product To display fully the advantages of our dazzling and well diversifi ed product portfolio, we introduced progressively the Pillar Display Program for displaying our Hot- Kid milk and the Want Want Paradise Program for displaying our leisure products in some of the small and medium point of sales currently covered under our nationwide distribution network, which have been well received by the end retailers and distributors since implementation. This strategy of serving those small and medium point of sales as key accounts not only effectively exhibited the concentrated displaying effect for Want Want diversifi ed products, but also facilitated the far-reaching penetration of the Want Want brand to 
" Rationalizing the coordination between production and 
Due to the diversity of Want Want products, sales-and- production coordination has been a major challenge for the management. In 2010, the Group completed the rationalization of the process between production and sales and optimized the supply chain management, with the aim of tracking the demand target of each customer to each sales representative, which contributed to a significant decrease in inventory turnover days by 29 days over the previous year and enhanced the working capital effi ciency of the Group.

" Initial success of the establishment of the information 
The implementation of the SAP system (an efficient enterprise resources planning system) in our factories commenced in 2010 and it is expected that all sales and production units of the Group would have the SAP completely implemented and operating by the end of 2011. In addition, the website for the distributors were enhanced further in 2010. This information system would allow the management to make effi cient use of operating information crucial to the operational transparency and decision-making process of the Group.
2. PROSPECTS FOR 20 WANT WANT (2011): As the English pronunciation of 2011 is similar to 20 Want Want , the Group named 2011 as 20 Want Want internally.
The Board is full of hope and confi dence in 20 Want Want as the Group will undertake the following major tasks in the 
First, we will treat our 330 sales offi ces as basic management units, focusing on the details of business operation, utilizing the advanced information system to track and analyze various data and providing more value-added services to our distribution partners through the information system. In addition, we will continue to develop our distribution channels on the basis of our 2010 performance and increase displays at the point of sales, so as to continue to consolidate and strengthen Want Want brand image.

Secondly, the Group will improve and strengthen further its marketing strategy for beverages to address the inadequacies in 2010. The beverage market in the PRC has maintained rapid growth in recent years. If we can seize the opportunities in time and take advantage of the Group s current brand and channel resources, we will have a new growth driver in the future.

Finally, in response to our need for mid-and-long-term growth, we will increase our efforts in providing training to our outstanding staff as this is the only way to maintain our leading 
3. DIVIDEND POLICY: In view of the Group s fi nancial results in 2010 and after taking into account factors including our earnings, fi nancial position and capital expenditure requirements, the board of directors of the Company will recommend the payment of a fi nal dividend of US1.36 cents per share for the year 2010 at the annual general meeting to be held on 28 April 2011. The Company also paid out an interim dividend of US0.9 cent per share in 
The Chinese market is fiercely competitive at the moment and I often remind the management that it requires a sense of crisis and ambition for growth to achieve fi nal victory. The Board thanks all the shareholders for your support and our fi fty thousand staff for their dedication and contribution. I believe with our unity, we will have a bright future in the food and beverage industry in the PRC.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Offi cer 
