The 2011 has ended with the beginning of the year of Dragon.

Last year, the Group s Want Want Year (as the English pronunciation of one is similar to Want ), the management and all staff, fuelled with my encouragement, worked hard along with our clients to achieve a revenue of US$2,946.5 million which is a 31.3% growth in revenue over the year 2010. Operating profit, though pressured by the unprecedented surge in raw material prices and salary, grew by 19.0%, amounted to US$522.5 million, which is attributable to the management s ceaseless endeavor to implement profitability improvement measures and cost reduction initiatives. As a result, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased to US$419.5 million which is a growth of 17.0% as compared with that of 2010.

Below are the key measures we applied in operations in 2011: 
" Strengthening of network system: The network strengthening program has been in operation for three consecutive years. Last year, the program was enhanced by our sales representatives and distributors visiting regularly points of sales by vehicles and improved the performance of many points of sales and thereby strengthening our service network. In addition, we introduced a sales-force automation (SFA) system to deliver instant market information to the management and thus enabled them to formulate policies promptly in response to changes in market conditions.

Focusing on retail stores under 100 square meters in communities and school campuses, we placed a number of special displays and provided additional support and services to these stores to improve their performance. As Want Want products in season are available all year round, our marketing activities showcased a dazzling array of Want Want products on eye-catching shelf spaces in stores across the nation throughout the year Full implementation of SAP: By the end of 2011, each of our factories has been implemented with SAP, following which the Group s implementation of SAP in sales and production units was completed. A significant foundation was laid for the management s information management of points of sales in the country, and even overseas.

2012 marks the 20th anniversary of the Group s presence in the PRC market. Over the past 20 years, numerous executives of the Group and I experienced the ups and downs of the PRC market. It was our dream to build Want Want into an international Chinese brand, and the dream gave us power to step forward. To make the dream come true, this year we plan to: 
" Intensify the development of points of sales: We will deploy more resources in key points of sales and fully implement the SFA system, and at the same time customize our marketing activities according to the different characteristics of each point of sales, which will enable the effective display and showcase of a wide range of the Group s specialty products at the points of sales.

" Qualification verification on distributors: To enable our distributors to join forces with us and enhance their competitiveness in long-term development, we plan to assist in their enhancement and improvement in distributing quality by setting certain standards for qualification verification, which will progressively improve their quality and thus consolidate the leading position of Want Want products in the market.

" Profitability improvement mechanism: Although we cannot control the costs of bulk raw materials and labour cost, we will continue to adopt last year s cost saving and profitability improvement measures to ensure the profit of our Group will not be materially eroded by inflation.
We will also monitor closely cost trends and deliver the best strategies to cope with market challenges.

In view of the Group s financial results in 2011 and after taking into account factors including our earnings, financial position and capital expenditure requirements, the board of directors of the Company will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US1.36 cents per share for the year 2011 at the annual general meeting to be held on 27 April 2012. The Company also paid out an interim dividend of US0.60 cent per share in September 2011.

20 years ago, when deciding to venture into the PRC market, I said, One who can have a share in the PRC market may become the world s best in that sector . As the PRC has now become the second largest economy in the world, that very day is ahead of us and is drawing much closer; from Want Want s market position, we must be vigilant to avoid being eliminated in this changing market.
Last year, our Company was honoured with being selected as one of the constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index and joined the ranks of other blue chip companies in Hong Kong. It is not only an honour to all the management and to me, but also carry great responsibility and a force to drive for continuous growth and success in the future. We will endeavor to make the dragon of Want Want fly in the sky over China and the world.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
