In 2012, we invited some retired employees to Shanghai to celebrate with us the 30th anniversary of the founding of Want Want and the 20th anniversary of our entry into mainland China.
We cherished our current results that has not come easily while commemorating our years of hardwork in the past. We are confident in our future and our spirit is high.

In 2012, attributable to the slowdown in the Chinese economy and the shift in the lunar new year period, our Company recorded a revenue of US$3,358.7 million, representing a 14.0% moderate growth from 2011, while gross profit margin increased significantly by 4.7 percentage points from 34.8% in 2011 to 39.5% in 2012 due to the decrease in certain raw material prices and upward adjustments to the prices of our key products. Meanwhile, our gross profit increased by 29.6% from 2011 to US$1,328.1 million and our operating profit grew by 36.0% from 2011 to US$710.5 million in 2012 owing to the improvement in our gross profit and our effective control over the selling and marketing expenses.
As a result, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased to US$553.8 million, representing a growth of 32.0% from 2011. Our management once again realised the high profit, high growth operational target of Want Want.

The slowdown in the Chinese economy and overall retail industry have further reinforced our dedication in implementing our marketing initiatives in recent years. The visibility of our great variety of Want Want products is greatly enhanced when our Want Want products appear in thousands of points-of-sales by way of standardized shelf spaces and displays customized based on product features. At the same time, the determination of our distributors and retail partners in carrying our products in the long run is fortified. All of the above is critical to the medium and long term development of our Want Want brand and products. In the future, we will continue to invest in shopping guides and other resources at our points-of-sales to help consumers to find and readily add their favorite Want Want products to their shopping 
Further, in view of rising labour costs in mainland China, we have launched a series of production automation program, which included upgrading selected equipment, optimizing production process and concentrating certain of our production lines in our new highly automated facilities. Through our efforts and commitment to continuous improvement, we hope to ensure stability in our product quality and also for our products to achieve the highest competitiveness.

I always have confidence in the potential of every Want Want product. To ensure these products with Chinese characteristics attract market attention, we will continue to optimize our business organizational structure according to market needs, which include dividing the current business group into product divisions in order to assign staff dedicated to groom products with lower visibility.
We will also increase the number of regional product managers in our sales division who will work closely with the central product managers to ensure customer satisfaction and effective use of channel resources to meet our intensive market development 
In view of the Group s financial results in 2012 and after taking into account factors including our earnings, financial position and capital expenditure requirements, the board of directors of the Company will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US1.96 cents per share for the year 2012 at the annual general meeting to be held on 26 April 2013. The Company also paid out an interim dividend of US0.90 cent per share in October 2012.

Although we have been thriving in the China market for 20 years, we still have to be creative and flexible at all times to cope with the changing market. I believe the competition for people is our major competition in the future, which includes gaining the recognition of our Company from our customers, suppliers and employees.
Therefore, we will continue to provide value-added services to our distributors and retailers, establish long-term strategic partnership with our major suppliers and find means to improve employees loyalty. I firmly believe that the future of our Group will be a wonderland filled with hopes and boundless possibilities, if all of our Want Want people can cooperate wholeheartedly and 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
