2008 was a critical year for the development of the Group. The Company was listed on the main board of the HK Stock Exchange on March 26 and was selected as a constituent of the Hang Seng Mainland Composite Index and the Morgan Stanley Capital International (MSCI) China Index in less than a year after the Listing.
Although the melamine crisis happened in the second half of 2008 has impacted the dairy products industry, our pro ts were not affected as sales of our major product segments recorded signi cant growth. The Group s total sales for 2008 increased by 42.0% as compared with that of 2007 and the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 30.6%.

The results of the Group are summarized below: 
1. BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2008 
(1) Balanced development of product segments successfully meeting the market needs The three major product segments of the Group are rice crackers, dairy products and beverages and snack foods, which accounted for 36.1%, 34.5% and 28.8% of our total sales respectively. These three product segments are in the product category, that the growth rate of which was higher than that of the average per capita disposable income achieved by the nation. Therefore, it is expected that future household consumption in PRC will continue to grow and provide ample opportunities for the development of our products. Our balanced product portfolios enable our sales not being affected by any unexpected event and seasonal factors of individual product and continue to grow rapidly.

(2) Strengthened sales teams and enhancement of services with 
Another important factor for the rapid growth in 2008 was that the Group has focused on development of the sales network in second-tier and third-tier cities. There were a total of approximately 14,000 full-time sales representatives in 329 sales of ces. With 106 production facilities (including the 2 production facilities in Taiwan) at the end of 2008, our sales and production facilities have fabricated an extensive network and provided direct services to the market.
In addition to team building, the Group has actively implemented sales activities such as delivering Want Want to villages and signi cantly increased our business penetration directly into rural towns and villages. As at the end of 2008, the Group has direct control over one million retail points. Such extensive retail coverage is the guarantee of our continued growth in the large domestic markets. We will continue to expand our sales teams and seize opportunities for growth in the future.

As a result of our good understanding of the market trends due to success in the above business strategies, we achieved excellent results in 2008, which are summarized below: 
Total sales of 2008 was US$1,553.9 million, representing an increase of 42.0% over the previous year. Pro t attributable to equity holders of the Company for 2008 amounted to US$262.7 million, representing an increase of 30.6% over the previous year. The pro t margin attributable to our equity holders dropped by 1.5 percentage points to 16.9% in 2008.
The decrease in the pro t margin attributable to equity holders was mainly due to the decrease in gross pro t margin caused by the increase in cost of raw materials and tax cost caused by the taking effect of the New Corporate Income Tax Law of the PRC (the New CIT Law ).

We will continue to implement the enterprise resource planning system (ERP system) of the Group in the future and focus on general and flexible management of cost and expense structure of the Group to enhance ef ciency.

2. PROSPECTS FOR 2009 Although the global economy in 2009 is perceived to be pessimistic, through policies such as promotion of domestic demand, stimulation of consumer spending and increase in income of the rural population by the PRC government, the PRC will be among the top performers in the global economy.
The boosting measures for income of the rural population will directly increase the market consumption of our products and consumer con dence will also increase due to implementation of various consumption stimulating measures. The Group will also bene t from heightened consumer con dence due to the good positioning of our products and high recognition of our 
The Group will further expand its production lines in the new year and launch new beverage product through its renowned brand name and high penetration of the sales and distribution networks. The unique packaging and design of the new beverage product, pocket convenient beverage , will feature an innovative effect to our advantage.

The Group will pursue to enhance its supply chain system. We will achieve efficiency through more stringent management of costs and prompt response to market demand to ensure continuing rapid growth during the downturn of global 
3. DIVIDEND POLICY In view of the Group s excellent results in 2008 and after taking into account of our earnings, nancial positions, capital expenditure requirements and etc, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) will recommend the payment of a nal dividend of US1.36 cents per share for the year 2008 at the annual general meeting to be held on April 30, 2009. The Company also paid out a special dividend of US0.6 cents per share on December 18, 2008.

2009 will be a year of market changes. Facing the challenges from the global recession, we will, as we have been, aim to maximize investment returns for our shareholders with high level of competitiveness and con dence in high margins and great success. Thank you to all shareholders for your support! 
