On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of the Company, I am pleased to present to you the rst annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, Want Want Group or the Group ) for the year ended December 31, 2007 (the Annual Report ).

2007 marked several key milestones for Want Want Group, namely (a) the privatization and voluntary delisting of, WWHL from the Main Board of the SGX-ST, on September 11, 2007, (b) the reorganization and divestment of its interests in the Discontinued Non-core Operations and (c) the Listing of the Company on the HK Stock Exchange.
As a result of the reorganization and divestment of the Discontinued Non-core Operations, the Group is now a pure food and beverage company engaging in businesses comprising the manufacturing, distribution and sales of rice crackers, dairy products and beverages, snack foods and 
The Company was successfully listed on the HK Stock Exchange on March 26, 2008. The Listing laid down a new milestone and provided us a new impetus to further accelerate our business development.
RESULTS AND OPERATION REVIEW 
The Group has achieved another year of remarkable results 
Turnover of the Core Operations increased 28.8% in year 2007 over 2006. This was made up mainly by three key product segments comprising rice crackers (34.4%), dairy products and beverages (35.7%) and snack foods (29.0%).

Pro t from Core Operations attributable to equity holders of the Company leapt 42.5% to US$201.2 million (2006: US$141.2 million), exceeding the pro t forecast as disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated March 11, 2008 (the Prospectus ). In particular, the Group s net pro t margin of Core Operations improved from 16.6% in 2006 to 18.4% in 2007 despite rising costs in Mainland China. This was achieved through our ef cient cost management via vertical integration, higher contributions from our higher margin core-brand rice crackers and good market response to our higher margin new snacks items such as milk chewy and 0-bubble yoghurt drinks.

The achievements we made in 2007 were mainly driven by our improved distribution network in Mainland China, which was made possible based on our multi-brand strategy and the expansion of our production facilities in Mainland China. As at December 31, 2007, we had 308 sales of ces, over 15,000 wholesalers, 31 production bases and 90 factories throughout Mainland China. Our distribution was further strengthened with the implementation of a new distribution system in September 2006 which enabled our sales representatives to obtain orders directly from those small and medium sized retailers not covered by our traditional wholesale distribution network. Such extensive distribution network thus enabled us to distribute ef ciently our products throughout Mainland China to consumers with different purchasing powers.

The gross domestic products of Mainland China continued to rise in 2007, recording a growth of 11.4% over the previous year and is the largest growth over the last thirteen years. The total retail sales of consumer products increased at a rapid rate of 16.8% over the previous year.
The Chinese consumers are expected to enjoy higher af uence as China, one of the world s fastest growing economies, continues to develop. These developments will have a positive impact on our Group as we target to be the premium market leader in every consumer segments for all our products via our multi-brand strategy.

In view of the escalating costs in Mainland China, we will continue to manage our costs through vertical integration, such as the setting up of additional milk powder facilities, the development of higher margin products and the implementation of other cost control measures.

We are con dent to capture the immense opportunities in Mainland China and continue to achieve better performance through our strong brand recognition, high production capacity, extensive distribution network with deep penetration and effective cost management.

In view of the Group s excellent results in 2007 and after taking into account of our earnings, nancial positions, cash requirements and liquidity, the Board will recommend at the forth-coming annual general meeting to be held on June 3, 2008 (the Annual General Meeting ) to increase the nal dividend payout from 30%, as stated in the Prospectus to 60%, amounting to US0.91 cents per share, in appreciation of the support by our shareholders in such dif cult capital 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to extend my thanks to our shareholders, business partners, customers and suppliers for their support. I would also like to express my sincere gratitude to our outstanding management team and to all the employees for their dedication and hard work. Want Want Group s strong performance in 2007 would not have been possible without them. Faced with the challenges and opportunities in 2008, we aim to maximize value for our shareholders with the highest level of competitiveness and determination.

