2014 is the year of horse in Chinese calendar. Our Group has been thriving in reform for the past 20 years. We faced occasional setbacks, but we were always able to pick ourselves up quickly and continue our journey after making adjustments in response to the market conditions, because we strongly believe in the bright prospects of Want Want s distinct products and brand in the China market.

In 2013, our Company recorded a revenue of US$3,817.7 million, representing an increase of 13.7% over the year 2012, while gross profit margin increased from 39.5% in 2012 to 41.5% in 2013 attributable mainly to the implementation of different strategies by different product divisions, which effectively relieved the cost pressure. Accordingly, gross profit increased by 19.4% to US$1,586.1 million as compared with that of 2012. Furthermore, despite the constant increase in operating costs, we maintained our gross operating expenses within expectation through the use of information technology in management and the effective use of marketing resources.
Operating profit grew by 24.3% to US$883.2 million from that of 2012. Last but not least, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to US$687.3 million, representing a leap of 24.1% from the year 2012. I would like to extend my gratitude to the frontline staff at our sales and production departments for their dedication, as every performance figure in our business is the result of their contributions and hard work. Our achievement and success story would not have been made possible without the efforts of each and every one of them.

While the world expresses concerns about the economic slowdown in China, we see exciting opportunities. In 2013, we completed the splitting of product divisions and advanced our market segmentation to enhance product penetration and expand market coverage further into lower-tier cities in China.
Each product division employed its missionary-like product specialists who are based in our sales offices across the nation to intensively operate each market segment with the aim to identify the most appropriate distributors for certain existing products with low visibility and for future new products in each division. The nationwide sales offices are also responsible for the collection of local market intelligence of each market segment. Putting it simply, we will scrutinize each market segment on a microscopic scale and let our product planning staff and managers of each product division to provide services and products tailored for the local needs of each individual market.
On top of improving our internal and external structures, we have been strengthening our information technology facilities in recent years to seize opportunities while thriving across the nation. Last year, we completed the nationwide implementation of our Sale Force Automation (SFA) system, with which our sales representatives are able to upload timely the display photos and sales orders. This significantly lowered our internal control risks, and effectively enhanced our operational efficiency. Furthermore, due to the large variety of Want Want products, I believe it would be wise for Want Want to make a year-round reservation for its own shelves at certain good points of sales to introduce different special display racks or hanging displays. Last year, we also engaged temporary in-store promoters at certain points of sales. In future, we will promote some well-performed in-store promoters to permanent staff and provide them with appropriate training to facilitate sales of Want Want products throughout the year. In addition, we will arrange some of them to organize in-store activities at some points of sales to attract consumer attention to our products and boost popularity.

In view of the Group s financial results in 2013 and after taking into account factors including our earnings, financial position and capital expenditure requirements, the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US2.27 cents per share for the year 2013 at the annual general meeting to be held on 30 April 2014.
The Company also paid out an interim dividend of US1.21 cents per share in 
Given the huge potential of the China market and the unique competitive advantages enjoyed by Want Want products, our only challenge lies in the collective wisdom and execution capability of our management team. As such, at the annual gathering this year, I requested our management to strive for innovation and improvement in the year ahead. In 2013, the average income of all of our staff was approximately 13% higher than that in 2012. I wish all Want Want staff to fulfill their aspiration at Want Want and be proud of being a member of Want Want. Time tells all. I am fully confident about Want Want s future. We believe in an even more exciting story ahead of us.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
