Over almost 40 years at Want Want, I have always believed that those who work hard will be rewarded . As long as we really know ourselves, bring out implicitly self strength and work meticulously on the details step by step, all obstacles can be overcome.

In 2014, as affected by the overall economic condition in Mainland China and shorter sale periods in the accounting period arising from the difference in Chinese Lunar New Year dates, the Company recorded a revenue of US$3,775.3 million, representing a slight decrease of 1.1% from the year 2013, while gross profit margin decreased by 1.3 percentage points to 40.2% as compared with that of 2013, attributable mainly to the rise in prices of certain raw materials. Accordingly, gross profit decreased by approximately 4.2% to US$1,519.2 million as compared with that of 2013. Furthermore, as the Group increased its investment in advertising and promotion for the effective introduction of new products, our advertising and promotion expenses to revenue ratio increased to 3.7% from 3.0% in 2013. This, however, resulted in a significant breakthrough in the revenue contribution by new products which accounted for about 5% of our total revenue for 2014, an increase from 1% to 2% recorded in the previous years. Lastly, under the influence of the above factors, the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was US$620.5 million, representing a decrease of 9.7% from 2013.
Although the results of the Group for the year 2014 did not meet our original expectations, I would encourage the management to stay calm in the face of adversity, analyse the situation with a cool head and embark on our new 
During 2014, we completed the splitting of product divisions and optimization of our operational organization. We will build on such foundation in 2015 and constantly enhance the capability and responsiveness of our sales team in general, so as to cope with the rapid changes in the China market, refine service details provided to our customers and enable Want Want to grow in both quality and quantity in the future. Currently, we have divided the China market into over 2,000 market segments. According to the feedback from the surveys conducted by our product specialists and sales representatives throughout the country, the distribution rate of many Want Want products is very low in some market segments. Hence, there is plenty of room to improve the distribution services provided by our distributors. All of these will be our key tasks and goals in 2015.
In order to increase the coverage of small and medium points-of-sales with an area of less than 200 square meters, the Group relaunched the logistics distribution channel at the end of 2014, whereby we could obtain first- hand information about the sales and consumer behavior in respect of Want Want products through direct contact with terminal stores, which would significantly enhance the distribution efficiency of our products and, in turn, the visibility of growth in our results. In addition, in 2015, we will allocate more resources to increase the shelf spaces and in-store promoters within modern distribution channels. Although the overall competition has been severe for modern distribution channels in recent years, we intend to leverage on the vast variety of Want Want products and our brand advantage to increase the display areas we occupy in such channels. We hope that our active grasping of shelves in points-of-sales during a market downturn will strengthen our growth in 2015. Furthermore, we have targeted certain emerging channels and channels in which we have no existing presence, such as e-commerce and maternity channels, and deployed professionals to undertake the development of such markets and allocated resources to help them develop products suitable for such markets. This will hopefully earn the Group a place in those markets.

In view of the Group s financial results in 2014 and after taking into account factors including our earnings, financial position and capital expenditure requirements, the board of directors of the Company will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US1.21 cents per share for the year 2014 at the annual general meeting to be held on 8 May 2015. The Company also paid out an interim dividend of US1.21 cents per share in October 2014.

Over the past 20 years, the unique taste of Want Want products has not only conquered the taste buds of countless consumers, but has also become part of our daily lives. I firmly believe that the uniqueness of Want Want products still offers us an unparallel competitiveness. This year, I urge the head of research and development to further enhance the texture and quality of some products so as to propel them further ahead of similar products in the market. I also urge the management to brave internal and external challenges bearing in mind that the brave are fearless and the strong are invincible . We must increase our strength and capability to ensure that we can walk a long journey steadfastly. We are confident and determined to uphold the excellent reputation of the Want Want brand and pass on this wonderful taste to future 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
