The global economy experienced turmoil in 2009. The timely implementation of its RMB 4 trillion stimulation program by the PRC government has enabled the PRC to become the eye-catching power engine for economic growth in the world, and ultimately achieved an enviable growth of 8.7% in its gross domestic product ( GDP ) in 2009. For the Group, 2009 was also a year full of challenges. In the absence of the Chinese New Year effect in 2009, revenue of rice crackers dropped compared with that of the previous year. However, with the strong growth of 48.9% in the revenue of dairy products and beverages coupled with the successful launch of new products pocket-convenient beverages , the Group still achieved a 10.1% year-on-year growth in total revenue in 2009 and the pro t attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 19.0% as compared with that of the previous year.

1. BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2009 With a view of strengthening the Group s competitiveness in medium to long term and preparing the Group for rapid expansion in the PRC market in the future, the Group adopted the following principal business strategies during 2009: 
" Installation of the SAP system (a more ef cient Enterprise Resources Planning System) to 32 sales branches across the nation: 
We completed the installation of the SAP system in our sales division in May 2009 and commenced installation of the same in our production division in October 2009.
The SAP system is currently under pilot run in two key production bases and will be gradually rolled out to all production facilities in 2010. The implementation of the SAP system will greatly enhance the Group s ability to integrate information and such improvement in information support will be crucial to the management s decision-making process going forward.
1. BUSINESS REVIEW FOR 2009 (continued) " Improved inventory turnover: 
The management implemented a number of measures to strengthen the supply chain system and the coordination mechanism between production and sales of the Group. These measures helped lower the inventory level from US$ 345.9 million as at the end of 2008 to US$ 223.0 million as at the end of 2009, thus increasing the net cash inflow. The management will continue to strive to improve the inventory turnover days in order to further enhance the ef cient utilization of the Group s working capital.

" Restructuring of distribution channels in urban cities and enhanced ef ciency in resources utilization: 
With the rapid subdivision of distribution channels and sales organizations over the past few years, the problem of channel overlapping and con ict among different sales units emerged along with increased product penetration.
In 2009, the Group consolidated the distribution channels within the rst-tier and second-tier cities while maintaining effective cooperation with customers. Our main direction is to develop a strong exclusive customer base, thereby achieving the goal of consolidating our distribution channels in an orderly manner, utilizing our customer, product and human resources effectively and attaining a sustainable growth.
2. PROSPECTS FOR 2010 The Group believes that the most valuable brands in the world are located in the PRC, which is the world s largest consumer market. The popularity of our Want Want brand and the unique features of our products have made Want Want an outstanding brand in the industry with an irreplaceable position in the hearts of the PRC consumers. To further expand our market share in the PRC and maintain our leading position, the Group will undertake the following tasks in the coming year: 
First, we will introduce a Network Strengthening Program in 2010 for thorough and effective consolidation of customer resources in the first-tier and second-tier cities by entering into exclusive distribution contracts with selected premium customers to define more clearly the respective rights and obligations of each party and to achieve a win-win solution.
We hope we can further deepen and widen the brand image of Want Want and extend the customer base of our unique products through the effective consolidation of our customer, product, human, marketing and network resources.

Secondly, after three years of effort and development, our delivering Want Want to villages project has achieved satisfactory results. We set up a website for our distributors at the end of last year, through which we are able to maintain closer contact with our customers in some 1,500 counties all over the country. In the coming year, the Group will progressively sub-divide its business operation in terms of products in those large county markets and deliver our quality Want Want products to every village all over the PRC with the help of more than 3,000 dedicated Want Want sales representatives and delivery trucks.
2. PROSPECTS FOR 2010 (continued) Finally, the Group successfully launched pocket-convenient beverages in 2009 which have won customers preference due to the product s accurately targeted and distinguished package features. In 2010, we will leverage on our continued success and launch a series of unique beverages and non- deep-fried rice noodles with an aim to achieving even greater outstanding results for the Group. The Group believes that if Want Want beverages can capture a reasonable market share in the coming year, Want Want will secure an invincible position in the PRC food and beverage industry.

3. DIVIDEND POLICY In view of the Group s financial results in 2009 and after taking into account our earnings, financial position, capital expenditure requirements etc., the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) will recommend the payment of a nal dividend of US1.50 cents per share for the year 2009 at the annual general meeting to be held on 28 April 2010. The Company paid out an interim dividend of US0.60 cent per share on 25 September 2009.

