sedan market only stabilised at 6% in 2012, the recovery in our domestic sales coupled with the continued strong growth in our export sales boosted our total year-on-year sales volume growth to over 15% in 2012, compared to our original target of 9% growth and the 1% overall sales volume growth we achieved in 2011.

The Group sold a total of 483,483 units of vehicles in 2012, up 15% from 2011, of which 21% or 101,908 units were sold abroad, up 157% from last year. In the Chinese market, the Group s sales volume in 2012 was flat at 381,575 units compared with 2011, as the negative growth in the first eight months of 2012 was offset by the recovery of our domestic sales since September 2012. EC7 and new models launched during the year like GX7 , GC7 , SC3 and SC6 were the major contributors to the sales volume growth in 
Overall, our financial performance in 2012 beat our original expectations with total revenue increased by 17% to RMB24.63 billion for the year ended 31 December 2012, reflecting a continued improvement in the product mix which resulted in a higher average ex-factory price. Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company grew faster, up 32% to RMB2.04 billion, helped by the acquisition of additional 8% stakes in major operating subsidiaries (with details set out in the Company s circular dated 12 December 2011) completed in phases from December 2011 to February 2012. The Group s product mix continued to improve in 2012. Our flagship mid-sized sedan model EC7 , with retail prices ranging from RMB79,800 to RMB113,800, remained the Group s most popular model in terms of sales volume which accounted for 29% of the Group s total sales volume in 2012. Total net profit of the Group was up 19% from RMB1.72 billion in 2011 to RMB2.05 billion in 2012. After accounting for non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up 32% from RMB1.54 
LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 006 
GEELY AUTOMOBILE HOLDINGS LIMITED 
billion in 2011 to RMB2.04 billion in 2012. The strong operational cash flow during the year combined with the full exercise of all the warrants and the partial conversion of the convertible bonds in November 2012 (with details set out in the Company s announcement dated 29 November 2012) had resulted in much stronger financial position of the Group with net cash of RMB1.7 billion at the end of 2012 compared with a net debt of RMB1.5 billion a year ago.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK3.9 cents per share for 2012 (2011: HK2.8 cents).

The Chinese government s recent proposal of New Urbanization and its new economic target to double China s gross domestic product ( GDP ) and per capita income by 2020 should bode well for domestic demand for motor vehicles. Despite an increasingly competitive market environment, the Group s competitive advantages have improved significantly. The management s focus on product quality and efficiency enhancement has put the Group in a strong position to meet new market challenges in the future and to benefit substantially from new opportunities in the global automobile industry, thereby enabling the management to further enhance returns to the Company s shareholders.
Assuming the current recovery in China s sedan market 
continued in the remainder of the year, combined with the initial success of the new products launched so far, the continued strength of our export sales and the consistent improvement in the product mix, the Group should be well positioned to achieve even faster growth in 2013.

Challenges remain in 2013, including increased competitive pressure from other indigenous brands in China, and the emergence of increasing number of joint-venture indigenous brands, which are expected to create additional competition in China s sedan market by offering more affordable vehicles with good design and quality; and the implementation of more stringent regulatory requirements in product warranty, product recall and emissions standards. Further, some disruption to sales could happen if more cities in China started to implement restrictive policies on car purchases.
Motor vehicle sales in most parts of the World market remains fragile given the still high level of uncertainties in most of the major economies. As a result, our export business could face increasing challenges given the fierce market competition and our relatively short history of operation in our major export markets.

On the positive front, general consumer perception over the Group s product brands and vehicle quality has continued to improve, after major investments and efforts made by the Group in enhancing product quality and after-sales services. The full commencement of production of automatic 
006 I 007 
Letter to Shareholders 
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 
transmissions at our plant in Xiangtan City in China in mid-2012 should enable the Group to equip most of our major vehicle models with automatic transmissions in 2013.
The rapid growth of demand for motor vehicles in the lower tier cities in China and the shift of preference on vehicle procurement by the Chinese government towards more indigenous brand products should offer substantial growth opportunities to the Group. For the export side, we shall further expand and upgrade our export sales channels. Our export sales remain at small scales at the moment but offer huge growth potential for the Group s products over the 
The technological cooperation between the Group s parent, Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Company Limited ( Geely Holding ), and Volvo Car Corporation ( Volvo Car ), which is substantially owned by Geely Holding, has successfully started in 2012 with the commencement of technological cooperation in the areas of mid-sized car platform upgrade, interior air quality and vehicle safety. I am confident that the synergy benefits for both companies could become increasingly obvious in the near future, thus boding well for the Group s competitive strength in the areas of technology, quality and brands.

2013 should also see increased investment by the Group in the area of new energy vehicles, in particular, the electric vehicles. The Group s strategy is to leverage on the strength, 
resources and expertise of leading industry players to speed up the Group s product offering in electric vehicles.

Our focus in 2013 is to further strengthen our execution capabilities to ensure that our business strategies and plans could be properly implemented. In order to achieve sustainable growth, more emphasis will be placed on upgrading of our research and development ( R&D ) capabilities, product competitiveness and the overall profitability. With the substantial investment in new products and technologies like automatic transmissions and turbo-charged engines over the past few years, our powertrain system has become far more fuel efficient and environmentally friendly. We shall also launch more MPV and SUV models in the coming years to further broaden our product lines. I firmly believe that the Group is well positioned to achieve its long-term target of becoming a leading international automobile group with good reputation and integrity, winning respects from its customers. Finally, I would like to pay tribute to all our staff for their hard work and achievements during 2012 and to our shareholders for their 
Li Shu Fu 
