The Group kept up its growth momentum throughout 2010 and achieved the performance targets set at the beginning of the year. The strong performance was partly helped by the Chinese Government s policies to promote economy sedans, but also as a result of the Group s improving brand and 
While the Chinese sedan market continued to experience exceptionally strong growth in 2010, recovery in our major export markets remained slow throughout the year. Despite this, the Group s performance in 2010 was very encouraging with total sales volume increased by 27% to 415,843 units and revenue increased by 43% to RMB20.1 billion for the year ended 31 December 2010. Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB1.37 billion, representing an increase of 16% over 2009. Key drivers to profit growth in 2010 included significant increase in sales 
volume, improvement in product mix and thus resulting in better margins during the period. The strong 2010 results were despite the start-up costs for the construction of two automatic transmissions plants in Xiangtan and Chongqing and two new manufacturing plants in Jinan and Chengdu, and the additional expenses related to the development of three new product brands and their associated distribution networks during the year. Excluding non- cash expenses related to the recognition of share-based payments to employees, the underlying profit attributable to shareholders was RMB1.64 billion, representing 38% increase from 2009.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK2.6 cents per share for 2010 (2009: HK2.3 cents).

On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present to you the 2010 results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ).

China s sedan demand continued to grow at a fast pace in 2010, despite the reduction in tax incentives offered to smaller size vehicles since the beginning of 2010. Total sales volume of passenger vehicles in China in 2010 increased by 33% over the previous year to a total of 13.8 million units in 2010, according to figures from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers ( CAAM ), making China the largest passenger vehicle market in the World in 2010. Amongst which, multi- purpose-vehicles ( MPV ) and sport-utilities- vehicles ( SUV ) grew at a much faster pace at 79% and 101% respectively, compared with the 27% growth achieved by the sedan segment during the period. Cost pressure also intensified during the year due to higher inflation in China and rising commodities prices during 2010.

Despite those challenges and difficulties like the shortage of production capacity and weaker than expected export demand, the Group still managed to capitalize on the strong demand in the domestic market and maintained its domestic market share and achieved another record year 
in terms of sales volume and profitability in 2010. The strong result of the Group was helped by its successful migration to the Multi-brand Strategy and the full implementation of the Platform Strategy in product development, resulting in significant improvement in the Group s brand images, customer satisfactions, product quality and reliability during 2010.

The Group sold a total of 415,843 units of sedans in 2010, up 27% from 2009, of which 5% or 20,555 units were sold abroad, up 6% from 2009. In the Chinese market, the Group s sales volume was up 29% over last year to 395,288 units in 2010, in line with the overall growth in China s sedan market during the same period. The Group s profit margin improved slightly in 2010, helped by better product mix and economies of scales. Total net profit of the Group was up 17% from RMB1.32 billion in 2009 to RMB1.55 billion on 43% growth in revenues, both are record highs in the Group s history.
After the non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up 16% from RMB1.18 billion in 2009 to RMB1.37 billion in 2010.

Headquarters Building in Hangzhou 
010 Geely Automobile Holdings Limited - Annual Report 2010 
Like previous years, 2011 should be full of opportunities and challenges. With the very positive results of its Strategic Transformation in the areas of brand image, product quality, technology and innovation, the Group s competitive advantages have improved significantly, putting the Group in a strong position to meet new market challenges in the future and to benefit substantially from new opportunities in the global automobile industry, thereby enabling the management to further enhance returns to the Company s shareholders.

The Group will continue to focus on the upgrading and expansion of its automobile businesses, to accelerate the development of its three new brands: GLEagle , Englon and Emgrand and their distribution networks, and to expand its operations further into the global market, with an aim to become a leading supplier for the safest, the most environmental friendly and the most energy efficient vehicles in the World. To achieve this, the Group will continue to invest heavily in the research and development of new product platforms, new technologies and new models in a bid to narrow the 
technology gap between the Group and the major international automobile companies.
Substantial effort has been spent in the areas of quality control, technology development and innovation, parts and component procurement, marketing and distribution and customer services to further strengthen the Group s brand image and 
I believe 2011 would be a very critical year for the Group, which is in the midst of major transition from a regional player to a global company, shifting its focus from growth and technology competence to overall quality, brand and sustainability. Key challenges to the Group in 2011 include increased cost pressure in China due to higher inflation, the high bases for comparison in the previous years, higher overall cost base due to the addition of two new plants in Jinan and Chengdu, higher overheads and expenses caused by the establishment and subsequent development of three new brands and their associated sales networks, and the planned entry of more competitive market segments like larger size sedans and SUV markets in 2011. Motor vehicles sales in most parts of the World market remains fragile given the high level of uncertainties 
in most of the major economies. As a result, our exports business could continue to face major challenges given the fierce competition and our relatively short history of operation in our major export markets.

On the positive front, the demand for sedans in China remained steady so far in 2011. With China s still very low penetration rate for motor vehicles, I believe China s motor vehicle market would remain one of the best performing markets in the World in the coming years. Further, the Chinese government has promulgated new incentives in 2010 to promote fuel-efficient and environmental friendly economy sedans. All of these should bode well for the demand for the Group s products.
The timely acquisition of DSI in 2009 has significantly enhanced the competitiveness of our products, enabling the Group to offer a full range of sedan models equipped with automatic transmissions starting from mid-2011. Our other focus in 2011 is to spend major effort to enhance our export sales, which remain at small scales at the moment, but offer huge growth potential for the Group s products over longer-term.

With the successful completion of the initial phase of our Strategic Transformation and the substantial investment in new products and technologies over the past few years, I firmly believe that the Group is well positioned to achieve its long-term target of becoming a leading international automobile group with reputation and integrity, winning respects from its customers. Finally, I would like to pay tribute to all our staff for their hard work and achievements during 2010 and to our shareholders for their continued 
Li Shu Fu 
