Statement from the Chairman The Group s property portfolio continues to expand following the acquisition of nine premium sites across Mainland China and Hong Kong for over HK$10 billion in the past 18 months, further consolidating our foothold in the Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta regions.
With our accelerated development cycle, we now have more than 20 projects underway and are ready for launch at an opportune time for continuous asset turnover. On the other hand, the Group will expand its investment properties to increase recurring income and enhance stable 
In 2013, the global economy saw signs of a turnaround yet was still far off from a full recovery as uncertainties continued in the market. Despite strong economic fundamentals, the economies of Mainland China and Hong Kong remained vulnerable to external market volatility. Market expectations for the tapering of quantitative easing and the beginning of interest rate hikes in the United States, coupled with regulatory measures in Mainland China and Hong Kong, resulted in challenging market conditions for the property sector.
SOLID CORE BUSINESS PERFORMANCE WITH STABLE DIVIDEND During the year, K. Wah International Holdings Limited ( KWIH and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) recorded satisfactory sales by launching several projects in Shanghai and Guangzhou that met the strong demand for quality properties from Mainland buyers. One of these, The Palace, a luxurious development in downtown Shanghai, topped the sales for high-end properties in that city. Other mass market developments, including Upstream Park in Shanghai, Phase I of J Metropolis, a mega project in Huadu District, Guangzhou, and The Summit in Jiangmen, were well received by buyers owing to their excellent quality, with the majority of units being sold. In Hong Kong, the Group s joint venture developments of Marinella, Providence Bay and Providence Peak continued to generate satisfactory sales revenue, while its investment property portfolio remained a source of stable recurring income.
For 2013, KWIH reported revenue and profit attributable to equity holders of HK$7.3 billion and HK$1.6 billion, respectively. Our Board recommended a final dividend of 10 HK cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 5 HK cents per share, the total dividend for the year amounted to 15 HK cents per share, in line with the Group s policy of maintaining a stable and higher level of dividend payment compared to the past.
TIMED AND DISCIPLINED BUSINESS 
KWIH was able to replenish its landbank in a disciplined manner and at an opportune time by adhering to the principle of prudent financial management and leveraging on its solid financial position. During the past 18 months, we acquired nine premium sites in Mainland China and Hong Kong for a sum of over HK$10 billion, thereby extending our reach to Nanjing and Dongguan and consolidating our foothold in the Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta regions. Located in well- developed communities with convenient transportation networks and ancillary facilities, these sites hold enormous potential for development.
HIGH-END AND MASS MARKET PRODUCTS DRIVE CONTINUOUS ASSET TURNOVER As our property portfolio continues to expand, we now have a total GFA of approximately 1.8 million square metres of properties that are already launched, under development or in planning, principally located in first-tier cities such as Hong Kong, Shanghai and Guangzhou. In view of current market conditions and strong underlying demand, the Group is optimizing the proportion of mass market products in parallel with its high-end products to create a balanced portfolio, while accelerating the development cycle for continuous asset turnover. More than 20 projects in Mainland China and Hong Kong are currently underway and will be launched at an opportune time.
STABLE INCOME SOURCES TO DRIVE 
The Group will continue to expand its investment property portfolio in order to increase recurring income, provide stable returns and enhance shareholder value.
Our target is to double our GFA from the present level of approximately 100,000 square metres to approximately 200,000 square metres in the next three to four years.
We have reserved certain units in The Palace and Grand Summit (two top end projects in prime downtown Shanghai) to be converted to serviced apartments.
They are expected to generate rental income starting from 2015. Earlier this month, the Group completed the acquisition of the remaining interests in J SENSES in Wanchai, Hong Kong from the Urban Renewal Authority. Together with Huadu Jiahua Plaza Phase 3, Guangzhou, which is designated for commercial use, the GFA of our investment properties will be further 
SOLID FINANCIALS WITH A SPIRIT OF 
The Group maintained a solid financial position with a healthy gearing ratio of approximately 14% as at 31 December 2013. Our financial strengths and flexibility were further enhanced following the closing of a HK$3.3 billion syndication loan in August 2013 and another HK$3.98 billion syndication loan in March 2014, both of which received strong support from the banking community. As always, we will adhere to the principle of financial prudence while leveraging on our strong balance sheet to push forward the development of multiple projects, react swiftly to market changes and replenish our land bank in a disciplined manner for 
Our commitment to developing premium niche properties in the spirit of prudence and innovation has not only earned us the trust of buyers but also brought us a host of architectural and environmental awards and accreditations. In future, we will continue to satisfy the market with properties under the reputable K. Wah brand and our decades of solid experience in the 
SOUND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND 
Integrity and good corporate governance form the cornerstone of our business on which our shareholders trust is founded. The members of our Board, each of whom is esteemed in his or her area of expertise, are wholeheartedly committed to exercising independent supervision, providing recommendations, formulating strategies and approving the annual budgets prepared by the management, in order to maintain sound corporate governance and protect shareholders 
I am very pleased to see our management working closely with the rest of our staff as one team to embrace and overcome challenges. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all of our employees for their hard work over the past year.
I look forward to our continuing success in the year 
Dr Lui Che-woo 
26 March 2014 