Group s turnover amounted to approximately HK$71,820,000 for the year ended 31st December, 2002, representing a decrease of approximately 36% as compared to the previous year. Net loss attributable to shareholders increased slightly by about 3%, amounted to HK$105,981,000. Basic loss per share was approximately HK4.3 
The Board do not recommend any payment of final dividend for the year ended 31st December, 2002.

The Group completed the financial restructuring as set out in the circular dated 7th June, 2002 ( Financial Restructuring ) in June 2002 of which the entire property investment business and the 49% interests in information and technology ( IT ) related businesses were disposed of to the former holding company. The Financial Restructuring helped the Group to get rid of the major loss-making factors, which will bring positive effects on the Group s future 
During the year over review, the management has been conscientiously seeking for investment opportunities with high growth potential striving for business expansion and capturing the high return business opportunities. With the efforts of the management, the Group has successfully negotiated with Geely Group, a renowned automobile manufacturing enterprise, and its subsidiaries, Zhejiang Geely Automobiles Limited. A Joint Venture Agreement ( JV Agreement ) in relation to the establishment of the Joint Venture Company ( JV Company ) named as Zhejiang Geely Guorun Automobile Company Limited was entered into on 30th March, 2003. The JV Company will mainly engage in the automobile manufacturing business targeting at manufacturing economic class sedans in Beilun Economic and Technological Development Zone, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province.
The JV Agreement signifies a major step towards the corporate re- engineering of the Group after the completion of the Financial 
Pampered with strategic cooperation with Geely Group and the corporate management of our strengthened management team, the Group aims at resuming to profit-making position by achieving brilliant performance in the automobile industry. Following the first penetration in the automobile industry, the Group will commit to develop in the automobile business through increasing the scope of cooperation with Geely Group thereby improves our competitiveness and maximises shareholders return.

Lastly, I would like to express my sincere gratitude, on behalf of the Board, to all our clients and business partners for their continuous support to the Group during the year. Conveying also our cordial thanks to our staff and management for their dedicated service to the Group and the trust and support of our shareholders.

