A MESSAGE FROM PATRICK WANG TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, I am pleased to report that Johnson Electric is emerging from the global financial and economic crisis in good shape with a more focused business strategy, streamlined operations, and a healthy balance sheet.
The recovery in demand across most of our end markets has been unexpectedly strong in recent months so strong in fact that it has been a challenge to ramp-up production from the sharply reduced levels of a year ago.
On the other hand, the global macro-economic outlook for the medium term remains uncertain and many input costs are on the rise. As a consequence, the Group is continuing to prioritize its capital investments strictly according to need and is keeping its growth initiatives targeted at technology and innovations that can deliver tangible and rapid payback for our customers.
SUMMARY OF 200910 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2010, total sales amounted to US$1,741 million a decrease of 5% compared to the 2009 financial year " Gross profit margins increased from 23.3% to 27.7% of sales " Excluding restructuring costs and asset impairment, operating profits were US$136 million more than double the prior year figure of US$66 million " Net earnings attributable to equity holders increased from US$2.6 million to US$75.5 million or 2.06 US cents per share " During the year bank loans of US$525 million were repaid and a new three-year term loan of US$400 million was put in place. At year end, net debt as a percentage of net capital was 3% compared to 19% a year earlier and the Group s cash and cash equivalents amounted to US$363 million 
In view of the improved operating environment and financial condition of the Company, the Board has determined that a resumption in dividend distributions would be appropriate. Accordingly, the Board has recommended a final dividend payment of US$23.7 million or 0.64 US cents per share.
SALES AND DEMAND TRENDS Although total sales declined by 5% to US$1.74 billion the underlying demand trend was clearly positive as the global economy began its recovery. Group sales (excluding those from trading segment) for the second half of the 200910 financial year were up 35% compared to the second half of the prior year when the global economic downturn was at its most severe.
The Automotive Products Group (APG), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$934 million an increase of 3% compared to a year earlier. This commendable performance was partly due to the fact the global automotive industry had been among the first sectors to collapse at the onset of the global crisis but has since experienced one of the fastest and steepest rates of recovery with the help of government-sponsored incentive schemes. More important, however, has been the exceptionally strong and sustained growth in passenger vehicle sales in many emerging markets, notably China. Johnson Electric has capitalized on these growth trends by aggressively marketing its range of innovative motors and motion system products at the same time as customers in these developing markets are starting to demand and pay for higher levels of technology and performance.
As a consequence, the Group today derives more than a quarter of its total automotive application sales from Asia compared to only six percent five years ago.
The Industry Products Group (IPG) recorded sales of US$579 million a decrease of 12% compared to the prior year. The major end markets of IPG include home appliances, power tools, and business and industrial equipment which all continued to experience depressed demand due to the prolonged weakness of housing and construction markets in developed economies, high rates of unemployment, and consequently lower levels of consumer expenditure. Recently, however, there has been a marked uplift in demand for many of the division s motor, actuator and switch products as industrial customers appear to be replenishing inventories and preparing to launch new products. As in the case of automotive, IPG is also achieving higher sales and market share gains in developing markets such as India and Brazil.
Other manufacturing businesses within the Group contributed a combined US$208 million to total sales essentially flat year on year. This reflected the combination of lower sales by Parlex Corporation due to continued weakness in the global electronic component sector; higher sales by Tonglin Precision Parts due to its merger with a precision machining business during the period and to the overall strength of demand from China s automotive sector; and a modest reduction in sales by Saia-Burgess Controls which made strong gains in infrastructure automation in Europe, partly offset by weakness in the industrial machines sector.

Overall gross profit margins for the full year increased from 23.3% to 27.7% due to the combination of lower raw material costs (such as copper and steel), reduced fixed costs as the impact of various restructuring actions began to take effect, and the beginnings of a recovery in sales volume. The restructuring and cost reduction initiatives that spanned both the 200910 financial year and the second half of the prior year included a major realignment of our operations in Europe and North America where we have sought to consolidate manufacturing in selected locations and refocus activities in other sites towards design and precision engineering.
The economic crisis also indirectly functioned to provide added impetus to ongoing efforts to improve underperforming business units. For example, Parlex Corporation, a flexible printed circuit board manufacturer acquired by the Company in late 2005, is now well on the way to completing a successful turnaround. The business was loss-making at the time of acquisition but under Johnson Electric s ownership has returned to profitability and strong positive cash flow through an extensive restructuring program that involved the closure of five factories (including three in China) and various management actions to improve yield, optimize pricing, and exit unprofitable accounts. Similar actions have been undertaken to enhance the performance of other smaller business units in the Group and this contributed to the overall improvement in profitability.
Group Sales and Administrative expenses were also reduced through tight cost controls though this was partly offset by a number of non-recurring charges and costs including the settlement of a long-standing patent dispute in North America. As a consequence, Group operating profits before restructuring costs and assets impairment charges totaled US$136 million, an increase of US$71 million.
SHIFTING THE FOCUS FROM RESTRUCTURING TO INNOVATION AND 
The past two years have necessarily been focused on ensuring that the Company navigated safely through some of the most challenging market conditions in its fifty year history. Now that the worst of the recession appears to be behind us, management is shifting gear and directing its attention increasingly to the penetration of new markets, technological innovation, and further strengthening our internal processes and capabilities.
During the year we opened the Group s first Indian manufacturing facility in Chennai to serve that nation s rapidly growing automotive industry. We have also begun manufacturing and assembly operations in Beihai, Guangxi Province, representing the Group s first step in building a presence in south-west China for our core motor business. This location, which is benefiting from China s Go West policy, offers lower operating and labour costs and serves to reduce our degree of operational dependence on our major facility in Shajing, 
While maintaining a competitive cost base is a constant imperative in our industry, we believe that the twin pillars of Johnson Electric s long term success will be technology leadership and our safe choice commitment to 
Our design and engineering efforts are targeted at collaborating closely with customers to provide motor and motion solutions that help them win in the marketplace with their flagship products. Recent technology innovations include the development of new motor products that require significantly less electricity, utilize less raw material (and hence are lighter), and yet offer more power and performance. These benefits can apply equally to more mature consumer product applications such as hair dryers and to more complex and sophisticated automotive applications such as engine management systems and window lift regulators.
The ultimate objective is to build and sustain market leading positions by differentiating ourselves from our competitors through the delivery of tangible end-product performance advantages for our customers. Such technological value-add is underpinned by investments in deepening our already extensive application know-how, strengthening our quality and reliability functions, and maintaining our traditionally high levels of responsiveness and flexibility. Taken together, we believe these capabilities offer customers a compelling safe choice rationale for selecting Johnson Electric to meet their needs.

Looking to the immediate future, we anticipate the generally buoyant demand conditions of the past few months to continue through the first half of the 201011 financial year with a correspondingly positive impact on sales and operating profits.
The prospects for the second half of the year, however, are much less certain. European economies are entering an expected era of fiscal austerity that necessitates reduced government spending and investment and which may lead to lower consumer expenditure and economic growth. In addition, financial markets are currently concerned over the commitment and ability of some governments to implement the requisite budget reductions and this has led to a sharp relative depreciation of the Euro currency. Given that Europe represents a significant share of Johnson Electric s overall business, a weaker regional economy and depreciating Euro will tend to reduce the Group s sales and earnings potential as measured in US Dollars.
Partly offsetting slower growth in Europe has been and continues to be the exceptionally robust demand from the Asian automotive sector, especially in China. With our strong product offering based on best-in-class technology and a superior cost base, we expect to make further market share gains in the region. Yet there is also the potential risk of a cooling down in China s economy, including the possible removal of government-sponsored incentive schemes, which could affect demand for automotive vehicles. Meanwhile in the USA, although industrial output has been recovering quite well in recent months it remains to be seen whether this can translate into new job creation, increased consumer confidence, and a sustained recovery in house prices. Without these preconditions it is difficult to be especially optimistic about the outlook for US domestic consumption in the 
On the cost side, there are also reasons to be cautious. Commodity prices have moved to levels well above the averages of the past year. While these input prices will remain highly sensitive to the global macro-economic picture, if they do remain at current levels or move higher this will place downward pressure on our gross margins. Similarly, labour costs in China have continued to rise sharply. Even if China s economic growth were to moderate, we see no sign of an abatement of the trend of a tight supply of labour and rising wages for the 
