Statement from the Chairman 
2015 has been a year of harvest for K. Wah International. Our commitment to developing premium niche properties, coupled with proven experience and strengths built over the years, contributed to outstanding sales results in Hong Kong and Mainland China. Attributable contracted sales tripled to a record HK$13.5 billion, of which HK$5.0 billion had been recognized in the year, while the remaining HK$8.5 billion will be booked over the next two years to provide a solid foundation for future profitability.
The Group s attributable revenue for 2015 amounted to HK$6,436 million, while profit attributable to equity holders amounted to HK$1,367 million. Core profit soared by 95% to HK$1,317 million. Our Board recommended a final dividend of 12 HK cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 5 HK cents per share, total dividend for the year amounted to 17 HK cents per share, representing a 13% growth over the 
RECORD BREAKING SALES UNDERPINNED BY CONTINUOUS ASSET TURNOVER During the year under review, demand remained buoyant for premium properties, particularly small- to medium-sized residential units, in Hong Kong despite a volatile local property market. The Group seized the opportunity to launch Twin Peaks and Corinthia By The Sea, two railway-linked property projects in Tseung Kwan O South. Thanks to their excellent geographic locations and superb quality, both developments received overwhelming response from buyers with 90% of the units sold within one month upon launch and are nearly sold out at present, making significant contributions to the Group s future bookings.
In Mainland China, property market sentiment was picking up during the year amid the relaxing property market policies and economic stimulus measures such as the lowering of interest rates and bank reserve ratios. In particular, tier-one cities were the major beneficiaries of such policies and measures given their strong underlying demand for residential properties.
Supported by a well-planned strategy, the Group s timely launches in Shanghai and Guangzhou were well-received by the market. In Shanghai, for instance, Grand Summit in Jingan District and The Palace II in Xuhui District two luxury projects at the city centre ranked among the top in Shanghai s high- end property market sales. In Guangzhou, the Group launched three new projects, including J Wings in central Huadu and Phases 2 and 3 of J Metropolis, a mega-sized community in Huadu. All of them recorded encouraging sales with over 1,000 units sold in total during the year.
GROWTH IN RENTAL INCOME COMPLEMENTED BY FURTHER GFA 
The Group s recurring income portfolio had been expanding as Stanford Residences Jing An in Grand Summit, Shanghai, came into operation during the year. Since its launch, nearly half of Stanford Residences 114 units have been leased to high-quality tenants including senior executives of multinational corporations and finance professional. During the year, the project had earned a number of prestigious accolades such as Best Located Serviced Apartment in Shanghai and Best Serviced Apartment Readers Choice . Together with the Group s existing property portfolio principally made up of Shanghai K. Wah Centre, our recurring income has increased by 7% to HK$457 million. The Group will continue to expand the recurring income portfolio by increasing the GFA from 130,000 sqm to 200,000 sqm in about two years to further improve its stable income and cash flow.
MOMENTUM TO SUSTAIN WITH SEVEN NEW PROJECTS MARKETED While there are uncertainties in the global economy, the Group expects the Mainland market, especially tier- one cities, to continue to benefit from the relaxation policies in property market. The Group plans to launch seven new premium residential projects in Hong Kong and Mainland China to sustain the momentum on the back of excellent sales over the year. In Hong Kong, The Spectra, adjacent to Long Ping MTR Station, generated satisfactory sales since its debut, while Kai Tak Development Area project in the centre of Kowloon East will also be marketed by the end of this year. The two new projects offer a total of 1,800 units. In the Yangtze River Delta region, riding on the outstanding sales of Shanghai s premium luxury properties Grand Summit and The Palace II, the Group will launch The Palace III in Xuhui District, Puxing project in Jinqiao, Pudong District, Shanghai and Maigao Qiao project in Qixia District, Nanjing. In the Pearl River Delta region, Phase 4 of J Metropolis in Guangzhou and Phase 3 of Silver Cove in Dongguan will also come on stage, while the sales of J Wings in Guangzhou will continue this 
SOLID FINANCIALS WITH STRONG 
The Group s financial conditions remained solid with gearing ratio lowered to 35% and available funds amounting to HK$12.6 billion as at the end of 2015 thanks to strong cash inflow from project sales. During the year, the Group entered into a 4-year and 5-year syndicated loan of HK$3.3 billion with 11 banks. Ahead of the lift-off of US interest rate hike cycle, the Group had paid down debts to lower interest expenses.
LAND REPLENISHMENT TO FUEL 
KWIH replenished its land bank by leveraging its financial strengths. Last September, the Group acquired Tai Po Town Lot No. 226 for HK$3 billion. Located in Pak Shek Kok, the site holds out enormous potential as it forms a maturing community together with a number of the Group s joint venture projects in the vicinity.
Looking ahead, the Group will continue to seek quality projects prudently in Hong Kong and Shanghai to sustain its long-term business development.
EXEMPLARY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE We firmly believe that sound corporate governance is essential to high-standard business operations. Hence, the Group places a strong emphasis in maintaining a holistic range of governance. In addition to stringent management systems and adherence to business ethics, the Group draws the rich experience of its Board members who spare no efforts in advising on relevant policies and providing stewardship in business operations and finance so as to safeguard the best interest of our shareholders.
Professor Poon Chung Kwong resigned as an independent non-executive Director on 31 July 2015.
On behalf of the Group, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to Professor Poon for his dedication and contributions to the Group s governance and major decisions over the years.
The Group s excellent performance over the year also came as a result of the concerted efforts of all employees. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartiest appreciation to all the management and staff, and look forward to another year of stellar results through their relentless 
Dr Lui Che-woo 
23 March 2016 