Statement from the Chairman 
2011 was a remarkable year for KWIH who delivered encouraging sales and business results with its wealth of experience and expertise amid testing market conditions.
The premium luxury residential projects launched by the Group in Mainland China and Hong Kong during the year as planned drew keen market response, as the Group ended the year with a 260% increase in turnover to HK$3.2 billion and a 540% growth in profit attributable to equity holders to HK$1.2 billion. These results have given a strong boost to the Group s financial position, enabling it to meet the funding requirements of future development. Meanwhile, to ensure that the Group remains financially sound and solid, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK$0.08 per share.
SUCCESS BUILT ON STRATEGICALLY TIMED MOVES During the year under review, the property markets in Mainland China and Hong Kong were largely stable. Extra stamp duties and restrictions for luxury home mortgages introduced by the Hong Kong SAR Government towards the end of 2010 to curb property speculation, tightening measures implemented by the Central Government such as property purchase quotas, mortgage loan restrictions and taxation, and weaker market sentiments dampened by the Eurozone debt crisis combined to result in a slowdown in the growth of property prices in 
Despite decreased transactions in the property market as a whole as compared to the previous year, KWIH accelerated the development of several high-end property developments in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Guangzhou and launched them at opportune timings to answer the pressing need for medium- to high-end properties, winning over buyers on the back of its quality and reputation.
The Group reported outperforming sales for its high-end residential projects built in joint venture with other well-known property developers in Hong Kong. These projects included Marinella on Island South, The Coronation in West Kowloon and Providence Bay at Pak Shek Kok, Tai Po. Riding on the positive market sentiments, the Group went on to launch Chantilly on Stubbs Road in Eastern Mid-Levels on Hong Kong Island. In Shanghai, over 80% of the units of The Legend (Shanghai Westwood III) have been sold, while satisfactory sales were also reported for The Palace, a prestigious development situated at a rare prime site in the heart of the city, booking strong revenues for the Group. In Huadu District of Guangzhou, over half of the units of Le Palais, a high-end residential development, were snatched up upon market launch. Crowne Plaza Guangzhou Huadu, our hotel development near the new Baiyun International Airport, has also been performing well since its opening in mid-2011.
PRUDENT PROGRESS WITH AN EYE FOR 
The Group will continue to market the special units of the aforesaid projects, as and when it sees fit under prevailing market conditions. We also plan to launch different types of new projects in Hong Kong, Shanghai and Guangzhou to ensure sustained business growth.
In Hong Kong, construction work of Phase II of the Pak Shek Kok project in Tai Po was progressing in full gear.
In Shanghai, we plan to launch the Grand Summit at Yanjiazhai in Jingan District and the Upstream Park, a high-end commercial and residential project in Minhang District. In Guangzhou, Huadu Mega Integrated Project Phase 1 has been officially named as J Metropolis and construction work was well on schedule. We expect to launch this project within the year, subject to the issue of a pre-sale permit and prevailing market conditions.
As at the end of 2011, our cash and bank balances amounted to over HK$4.5 billion and our gearing ratio was maintained at a sound level of about 17%. With the ongoing launches and completions of numerous premium projects in Hong Kong and Mainland China in the current year and the next, we are anticipating stronger cash flow for business expansion. The total GFA of the Group s projects under development and planning is approximately 1.80 million square metres, which will suffice for its development in the coming 
DELIVERING VALUE THROUGH ASSET 
Leveraging our financial strengths, we intend to expedite the development of our premium projects while replenishing our land reserves to ensure ongoing strong growth in future, with a view to maximizing shareholder value. The Group will seek potential investment opportunities in Hong Kong, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta through vigorous planning in a prudent manner. Meanwhile, we will continue to build premium projects with innovative features and unique styles in fulfillment of our mission to deliver exquisite quality.
Looking ahead, the broader economic landscape is expected to remain largely stable, while Asia will continue to outperform other regions of the world in economic growth. We are fully optimistic about the economic outlook of Mainland China and Hong Kong, as we believe that the demand for quality housing in these two markets will remain buoyant in the long run. Moreover, well-experienced players with a long history in the business will be better positioned to capture opportunities for property developers arising from the Hong Kong SAR Government s plan to increase land supply as a means for correcting imbalances in the market. We are confident that our seasoned management team will be able to seize every opportunity that presents itself in the future.
INTEGRITY AND METICULOUS 
Our commitment to shareholders is underscored by integrity in business conduct and corporate governance of stringent standards, which also represent important cornerstones of the Group s operations. The Board seeks to achieve the Group s strategic objectives by carrying out independent supervision, suggestion and advice on its business operation, and approving annual budgets prepared and submitted by the management.
I am delighted that our Board members are leaders in their respective professions or social sectors. They spare no effort in ensuring proper stewardship of the Group s 
During the year under review, the Board welcomed Mr Au Man Chu and Mr Wong Kwai Lam, who were appointed as Independent Non-executive Directors ( INED ) on 25 August and 26 August 2011, respectively. Mr Michael Leung and Mr Robert George Nield resigned as NED and INED on 1 March and 23 September 2011, respectively. On behalf of the Group, I would like to express our heartfelt appreciation towards their insights and contributions over the years.
On a sadder note, we mourn the passing away of Ms Claudia Cheung, Executive Director, on 7 October 2011. Her longstanding dedication and vigorous contributions to the Group will be remembered with 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our management team and staff who have showed immense dedication and commitment amid testing conditions and delivered strong results in concerted efforts. Long may this unity continue, as we strive for further laurels and success in the coming years.
Dr Che-woo Lui 
22 March 2012 