Statement from the Chairman 
The global economy remained challenging in the past year. While uncertainties persisted in the economic recovery for the euro zone, the economy of the United States continued to improve, with increasing market expectations of an interest rate hike. In Mainland China, the economy entered into a new normal state of sustainable moderate growth, with interest rate cuts and other monetary easing initiatives providing further support to stable economic development. Coupled with the timely relaxation of regulatory measures, these factors contributed to the stable development of the Mainland property market. In Hong Kong, property prices continued to find support from moderate economic growth and the unceasing demand for premium products, especially small-sized units.
STABLE BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT UNDERPINNED BY SOUND SALES 
During the year, K. Wah International Holdings Limited ( KWIH together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) reported solid performance in its core business as we continued to launch premium projects which is in line with our commitment to delivering premium niche products. Grand Summit, the Group s latest up-market project located on a premium site in Jing An District, Shanghai, became an instant market success upon its launch in September 2014. Strong sales ranked Grand Summit second in the city s high-end property market (with an average selling price of over RMB90,000 per square metre) in terms of GFA sold for the year. Silver Cove, our riverside project in Dongguan acquired in the second half of 2012, made good progress and was launched in November. Market response to Mayfair By The Sea I, a joint venture project in Hong Kong, has been enthusiastic since its launch in June.
Marinella and Chantilly, two signature luxury residential projects in Hong Kong, reported outstanding performance with the sale of a number of special units, as the Group continued to market units in the Mainland and Hong Kong, while our recurring income portfolio remained a source of stable recurring income. As a result, the Group s profit attributable to equity holders for 2014 amounted to HK$1.8 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of 11%. Our Board recommended a final dividend of 10 HK cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 5 HK cents per share, total dividend for the year amounted to 15 HK cents per share, in line with the Group s policy of maintaining a stable dividend per share. During the year, the Group was included as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Composite MidCap Index, reflecting market confidence in our business.
BUSINESS GROWTH DRIVEN BY CONTINUOUS ASSET TURNOVER The Group is planning to launch several new property developments in 2015 in response to keen demand for quality housing. In Hong Kong, three railway-linked developments, namely, Twin Peaks and Corinthia By The Sea near the Tseung Kwan O Station and Yuen Long Town Lot No. 513 near Long Ping Station, are scheduled to be launched during the year. In the Yangtze River Delta region, Phase 2 of The Palace, a first-class luxury residential development in Xuhui District, Shanghai, will be launched this year following the successful sales of Phase 1 units. Additional units from Grand Summit, another luxury development, will also be offered to the market. In the Pearl River Delta region, Phase 2 of J Metropolis, a mega residential community in Huadu District, Guangzhou, was launched in January 2015, followed by J Wings, the residential units in Phase 2 of Huadu Jiahua Plaza, a large-scale integrated development in the CBD of Huadu, in late March. There are also plans to launch Phase 3 of J Metropolis and additional units of Silver Cove, Dongguan, during the remainder of the year.
Well-devised plans for the development and launch of projects will help the Group to achieve continuous asset 
BUILDING HOMES: VALUE THROUGH QUALITY AND INNOVATION In early 2014, the Group acquired residential plots in the Kai Tak Development Area in Kowloon, Hong Kong, and adjacent to Silver Cove in Dongguan respectively. Projects currently being marketed, under development or planning, representing assets primarily located in tier-one cities such as Hong Kong, Shanghai and Guangzhou, provide a total GFA of approximately 1.8 million square metres. The Group will continue to replenish its land bank in a disciplined manner by acquiring premium sites in these cities with a highly selective approach, in order to drive sustainable 
In view of current market conditions and the diverse requirements of buyers, the Group will seek to build a balanced portfolio with high-end and mass market projects as it continues to build niche properties with unique style and innovative design. In line with its emphasis on quality and innovation, the Group is committed to creating ideal homes that will add value for buyers. On the back of the strong reputation of the K. Wah brand, as well as our well-established presence in the property market for more than half a century, we are determined to continue providing well-crafted fine homes to our customers.
STRONG FINANCIALS AND A PRUDENT 
The Group recorded a gearing ratio of 44% and available funds of HK$11.3 billion as at the end of 2014. The proceeds from the various foregoing property sales will help to reduce the level of gearing.
We will continue to seize investment opportunities and endeavour to strike a balance between maintaining prudent financial management and capitalizing on such 
During the year, the Group further enhanced its financial strength and flexibility, and extended the average maturity of its debt portfolio with a HK$3.98 billion 4-year and 5-year syndicated loan and 7-year fixed rate notes totalling HK$1 billion. In March 2015, we completed another HK$3.3 billion syndicated loan comprising 4-year and 5-year portions with 11 banks.
Over the next two to three years, the Group intends to increase the GFA of its recurring income portfolio of assets from approximately 130,000 square metres to 200,000 square metres, with a view to increasing the recurring income and further enhancing the stability of dividend payments to shareholders. In March 2014, the Group completed the acquisition of the remaining interest in J SENSES from the Urban Renewal Authority.
The leasing of Stanford Residences Jing An, the serviced apartments in Grand Summit, commenced in the first quarter of 2015, while a portion of The Palace has also been reserved as serviced apartments. As such, we are on course to achieve our objective of increasing our recurring income portfolio.
PROTECTING SHAREHOLDERS INTERESTS WITH STRINGENT CORPORATE 
Corporate governance is an essential element of the Group s business operations. Responsible for maintaining sound corporate governance, the members of our Board exercise stringent supervision over the Group s business and finances and contribute to the formulation of the Group s development strategies.
They also make use of their expertise and experience to ensure consistent compliance with sound business ethics and the highest standards of corporate 
Finally, I would like to express on behalf of the Board of Directors my sincere gratitude to all employees who have fulfilled their duties with dedication and commitment during the year to make positive contributions to the Group on various fronts. In the years ahead, let us continue to contribute to the Group s success and overcome the challenges with our 
Dr Lui Che-woo 
26 March 2015 