Chairman s Statement Strong sales are testimony to our commitment to deliver not only good products but also customer- oriented approach to service ensuring long term value for end users.

2007 is the year when we achieved another new high in earnings. Revenue and net profits increased by 16 folds and 10 folds to HK$4.8 billion and HK$2.5 billion respectively.
A FRUITFUL YEAR I highlight strong property sales, timely divestment of non-core investment and capital value increase as key results factors, silhouetted against our operational excellence.
We created and we also return value to our shareholders. The Board has recommended a final cash dividend of 3 HK cents per share. On approval of this at our Annual General Meeting on 27 May 2008, including the interim and the special interim dividends, this year s total pay-out to our shareholders will be 30.5 HK cents, an 8 time increase from 2006.

We achieved strong operating results on our core business. Property sales soared to HK$4.38 billion. This underscores the value of our strategic focus to drive sustainable growth by concentrating on two of our most important markets, Mainland China and Hong Kong. In Mainland China, we have completed the Shanghai Westwood (Phase I). In Hong Kong, we have completed J Residence and The Great Hill. These projects were well- received on launch and in secondary market. Strong sales are testimony to our commitment to deliver not only good products but also customer- oriented approach to service ensuring long term value for end users. These are the compelling advantage that sets us apart from our peers. Our investment properties across Mainland China, Hong Kong, and Singapore continue to enjoy good occupancy and strong rental income.
Where opportunities arise, we re- deploy capital to our core business through divestment of assets of greater strategic value to others.
The Group timed the market to divest a significant holding in Galaxy Entertainment Group Limited, which contributes to this year s operating profit and brings clarity to the Group s balance sheet. Strong liquidity helps ensure continued resilience especially during market weakness.

The Group s integrated development projects in Shanghai and Guangzhou are progressing well. We expect construction of our Shanghai Westwood (Phase II) to be finished and pre-sales launched this year. Construction of our other development projects in Shanghai is all well underway. Planning and development of our two other projects in Guangzhou are going on well as scheduled. In the years to come, these projects are growth drivers for profits and cash flow.
Our business and financial fundamentals are strong which well position us to withstand market turbulence and grasp strategic opportunities.

DRIVEN BY LAND 
We pursue an organic-growth oriented and low-risk approach in sizing up our land bank. In 2007, we have acquired four pieces of premium residential land in Hong Kong. In Shanghai and Guangzhou, the Group acquired two pieces of residential land. While these additions should suffice for us to continue to grow our business in the near term, we will continue to invest for profitable growth.

Looking ahead, certain major long- term trends are still intact. Emerging markets will continue to outperform mature economies; world growth, even in this year of relative weakness for the US economy, will be reasonable, albeit slower than in 2007; and Mainland China will continue to reshape herself as a 21st century powerhouse.
However, 2008 is likely to be a year of uncertainty. Inflationary pressure, austerity program and possible further macro economic measures may continue to put the Mainland China property market in play until liquidity, transparency and the proper pricing of risk return. Hong Kong may continue to enjoy, for a while, a low interest environment, but she is only partly decoupled from the US.
I have renewed optimism, albeit cautious. Our business and financial fundamentals are strong which well position us to withstand market turbulence and grasp strategic opportunities. Any market de- leveraging clearly plays to our strengths, given our strong balance sheet and established market presence. Taking a long term view, we will continue to focus on the parts of the Mainland China property market that promise us the best prospects for higher and sustainable growth.
Our strategy is to continue to invest in building market presence at a time when others with weaker capital positions are constrained. We are approaching this in a cautious and disciplined manner while maintaining 
Independent oversight of our company and of the execution of strategy is the responsibility of our Board. I am delighted that we benefit from the caliber of a number of our Board members who are also leaders in their own business and public arena. Dr.
Philip Wong and Dr. Charles Cheung will retire as non-executive Director and independent non-executive Director and will not seek re-election at our Annual General Meeting on 27 May 2008. I should like to pay tribute to their tremendous contribution to the Group. We have been privileged to enjoy their counsel and stewardship for so many years.

It is people, of course, who define an organization, and any business s success is dependent on the caliber of its staff. 2007 was a demanding year in many respects and it is a testament to the talent and professionalism of our colleagues in Mainland China and Hong Kong where we successfully met challenges and excelled in so many areas. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my personal thanks to all my staff and colleagues, without whom, the Group would not be standing where it is today.

2 April 2008 