On behalf of the Board of Directors of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited, I have the pleasure of presenting to you the Group s 2004 
The Group s turnover amounted to HK$41m for the year ended 31 December 2004, representing an increase of 3% over previous year.
Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$84m, a significant increase of 47% over 2003. The big increase in net profit was attributable to the large increase in profit contributions from the Group s two associates Zhejiang Geely Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Geely ) and Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Shanghai Maple ) a combined result of the new profit contributions from a series of acquisitions during 2003- 2004 and the healthy natural growth achieved by the two associates during the period.

After the reorganization over the past two years, the Group s transformation into automobile manufacturing business has largely been completed. As a result, the Board plans to resume dividend payment in 2004 and will recommend the payment of final dividend of HK1 cent per share for 2004 (2003: nil).

2004 was a difficult year for the automobile industry in China, featured by the sharp slow down in vehicle sales since the second quarter of 2004 and the continuous downward pressure on car prices throughout the year. Despite the challenges and difficulties in 2004, the Group still managed to achieve respectable results, helped by the group s proven track record in cost control and the timely response by the management to adjust business strategies and implement new measures to alleviate the impact from a significantly slower car market in China.
Despite the implementation of new measures including the restructuring of production facilities to improve economies of scale, the postponement of capital expenditure programmes and new product launches to ensure better utilization of resources, and various stringent measures to cut costs, the Group still managed to achieve better than average growth in sales volume and to offset most product price declines with cost cutting, thus help maintaining the group s competitiveness in China s car market, resulting in further increase in our market share in China s sedan market in 2004.
During 2004, the group s major partner Geely Holding sold 96,693 units of Geely and Maple sedans, up 27% over 2003, gaining 4.2% share in China s passenger car market in 2004. Sales volume attributable to the listed company amounted to 66,057 units in 2004, up significantly by 139% from only 27,594 units in 2003, as a result of the acquisition of Haoqing series of automobile assets in July 2004, the full year contributions of the group s two associates Zhejiang Geely and Shanghai Maple and the healthy natural growth of the sales of Geely and Maple sedans in China. Zhejiang Geely and Shanghai Maple, which produces and sell Geely and Maple sedans, remained the key profit contributors of the group in 2004.
The Group s 51%-owned parts subsidiary Zhejiang Fulin Guorun Automobile Parts and Components Company Limited ( Zhejiang Fulin ) recorded small loss in 2004 due to the deterioration in market condition in China s sedan market and thus the continuous pressure on product prices throughout the year. This was however largely offset by the significant cut in the group s administrative expenses after the group s completed withdrawal from the information technology ( IT ) businesses in March 2004. Despite this, Zhejiang Fulin successfully launched a strategically important new steering system, commonly known as EPS (Electric Power Steering), which has been widely considered as one of the most advanced steering system available in the market, thus paving the way for the group s entry into high value added auto parts market.
The Group managed to complete the acquisitions of most of the remaining auto-related assets from Geely Holding through its two associates in July 2004, thus helping to broaden the group s product line to cover all the existing and future car models to be produced by Geely Holding and to facilitate the subsequent restructuring of the group s production facilities to further improve its production efficiency and cost competitiveness.

2005 should be an equally difficult year for the automobile industry in China with major challenges like rapidly rising steel and raw material prices, fierce competition due to the elimination of import quota for motor vehicles at the beginning of 2005 and the further reduction of import tariff rates, continuous pressure on product pricing, high fuel prices, traffic congestion in major cities, and increasingly stringent regulations on emission control, vehicle safety and the protection on car buyers interests in China. Despite this, the group is amongst the best prepared for the challenges ahead with the timely adjustments implemented last year and Geely Holding s proven cutting edges in management flexibility and cost 
In 2005, the groups two associates plan to produce and sell 120,000 units of vehicles and to complete the technological upgrading at the companies four production bases, thus lifting their combined annual production capacity to 300,000 units. In addition, the two companies plan to launch new sedan models equipped with the 1.6L and 1.8L engines, a new series of automatic gearboxes and the right-hand drive version for some of their existing models during the year to further broaden their product lines and improve their competitiveness of their products.
The Board believes that the current downturn of China s sedan market should represent more an opportunity than challenges to the group given its distinctive advantages in cost control and flexibility, largely as a result of the company s private enterprise status, its unique structure of a completed vertically integrated operation, spanning from R&D, auto parts, power train design and manufacturing to final assembly of sedans. Despite the slow down in the growth of car demand in China in 2004, the Board remains confident that longterm demand for sedans could continue to grow fast in China.
To further improve the group s competitiveness, the management will continue to explore new business opportunities for new sources of revenues, way to share and reduce costs and business risks, and way to further improve efficiency and competitiveness. With the more efficient business and corporate structures, improved production facilities and more comprehensive product lines brought about by the restructuring and the acquisitions over the last two years, the Board believes that the group s profitability and its shareholders returns should continue to improve in the coming years.

