Chairman s Statement 
2008 has been a year most extraordinary for many. Governments have been concerting efforts to confine the impact of the unprecedented financial crisis on world economy with a host of stimulus measures.
Businesses have also been making adjustments and strengthening their operations so as to be more resilient to the challenges. It is believed that the global financial crisis and its aftermath on global economic balance of play will accelerate the rise of Asia as a trendsetter in the world stage.
CORE BUSINESSES AND FINANCIAL POSITION REMAIN SOLID The Group achieved solid performance in its core operations despite a stagnant market subsequent to the unforeseen economic downturn in the second half of the year.
Satisfactory sales of The Great Hill in Hong Kong were reported while Shanghai K. Wah Centre continued to generate stable rental income. Excluding the impairment charge due to diminution in value on the residual shares the Group still holds in Galaxy Entertainment Group Limited, and the small write down on investment properties, the Group reported an operating profit of HK$398 million. The Group s financial position remained strong with more than HK$3 billion available funds on hand, which suffices for us to address the current economic environment and to explore investment opportunities that offer lucrative 
CENTRAL GOVERNMENT POLICY IN SUPPORT OF SUSTAINABLE 
In Mainland China, the Group launched Shanghai Westwood II in late 2008 to capitalise on favourable market sentiments fostered by the Central Government s measures to stabilise property market. The project topped the list of best-selling residential housing in Shanghai as over 80% of the units were sold in three months, booking decent proceeds for the Group for 2009. Besides, turnaround in volume and transacted prices has been observed in first- tier cities in Mainland China.
The Group achieved solid performance in its core operations despite a stagnant market subsequent to the unforeseen economic downturn in the second half of the year. Our financial position remained strong, which suffices for us to address the current economic environment and to explore investment opportunities that offer lucrative potentials.
MAINLAND PROJECTS TO DRIVE 
Meanwhile, we will continue to deploy resources to expedite development of existing premium projects in Shanghai and Guangzhou and launch these projects at opportune moments. The State policy of developing Shanghai into an international financial centre and shipping centre, and positioning Guangzhou as the hub of the One-hour Economic Circle of the Pearl River Delta, are instrumental to enhancing competitiveness and strategic importance of the two cities.
Nonetheless, Shanghai World Expo and Guangzhou Asian Games in 2010 are expected to underpin sustainable development of the property markets.
At home, the Group remains optimistic about the economic outlook of Hong Kong, whose residential property market has shown signs of stabilisation in recent months.
Looking ahead, we will continue to consolidate our operational efficiency and effectiveness so as to sustain the Group s long- term growth in a timely and progressive 
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all staff for their commitment and dedication during these extraordinary times.
With concerted efforts, I am confident we shall deliver promising results again in the many years to come.
Dr. Che-woo Lui 
7 April 2009 