Statement from the Chairman
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that 2016 has been another
productive year for KWIH, following our solid
performance in 2015. Strong sales were recorded for
the key projects launched by KWIH in Hong Kong and
Mainland China, as a result of our astute strategies and
commitment to excellence and quality. Attributable
revenue for the year increased by a substantial 95%
to HK$12,570 million, the majority of which was from
the sales of Twin Peaks and Corinthia By the Sea in
Hong Kong, Grand Summit in Shanghai, J Wings and
J Metropolis Phase II in Guangzhou, and Silver Cove
Phase I and II in Dongguan. Attributable contracted
sales (approximately HK$13 billion) reached more
than HK$10 billion for a second consecutive year, of
which approximately HK$6.3 billion was recognised in
the accounts for the year. The remaining amount of
approximately HK$6.7 billion, which is expected to be
recognised in the next two years, will underpin future
profits of the Group.
The Group’s underlying profit for 2016 soared by
113% year-on-year to HK$2,808 million. Profit
attributable to equity holders grew by 133% to
HK$3,182 million. Our Board has recommended a
final dividend of 13 HK cents per share. Together with
the interim dividend of 5 HK cents per share, the total
dividend for the year amounted to 18 HK cents per
share, in line with KWIH’s commitment to sharing its
results with shareholders.
RECOGNITION FOR K. WAH EXCELLENCE
AND QUALITY
Hong Kong’s property market went through a period
of high volatility during the year under review. Pent-up
demand for residential units returned to the market
in March 2016, as sentiments again turned positive
amid the continuing low interest rate environment
and reduced expectations of a US rate hike. KWIH
capitalised on this window of opportunity by launching
The Spectra, a premium project situated next to the
MTR West Rail Line, which received an enthusiastic
response. As at the end of last year, close to 90% of
the units had been sold and will generate considerable
revenue for the Group.
With property prices approaching new record highs,
in November 2016 the Hong Kong Government
announced it would raise the stamp duty to 15% for
all residential property transactions. The new measure
thus curbed demand by speculators, who mostly
remained on the sidelines. Nevertheless, Hong Kong’s
sound fundamentals, strong availability of funds at low
interest rates and consistently high demand for housing
properties by residents are all expected to support the
stable development of the property market.
In early 2016, the property market in Mainland China
regained momentum with the easing of the credit
supply, the Central Government’s continuation of
its “destocking” policy introduced in late 2015, and 
additional cuts in interest rates and the bank reserve
requirement ratio. The Group seized this opportunity
to launch several premium projects, which achieved
excellent results. In the Yangtze River Delta region,
these included Grand Summit in Jingan District and The
Palace II in Xuhui District. Both of these luxury home
projects on prime sites in central Shanghai were among
the highest sales performers in the city’s high-end
property market. Satisfactory sales were also recorded
for The Peak, the Group’s first project in Nanjing, after
the launch of the first batch of units. In the Pearl River
Delta region, J Wings and J Metropolis Phase III in
Guangzhou were well received by buyers, as were Silver
Cove Phases I and II in Dongguan. The positive results
achieved for these projects were clear evidence that the
K. Wah brand enjoys strong market recognition for its
properties and the quality associated with them.
In September 2016, the Central Government
introduced stringent regulatory measures, such as
higher down payments and purchase restrictions, in
a number of cities to curb rocketing property prices.
The Group is of the view, however, that a stronger
regulatory effort by the Government will stabilise prices
and contribute to the long-term, healthy development
of the property market.
The Group’s recurring income, derived mainly from
Shanghai K. Wah Centre, increased by 8% to over
HK$490 million. At the end of 2016, Shanghai
K. Wah Centre maintained almost full occupancy
and Stanford Residences Jing An in Grand Summit,
Shanghai, reported an occupancy rate of over 80%.
Both reflected the market recognition of their prime
locations and premium services.
BUILDING UP OUR LANDBANK
KWIH replenished its land reserve in Hong Kong and
Mainland China to provide solid support for future sales
in a timely manner. In Hong Kong, KWIH acquired Kai
Tak Area 1K Site 2 in East Kowloon in December 2016
for HK$5,869 million. The site is located at the centre
of the Kai Tak Development Area and will eventually
include comprehensive infrastructure facilities, such
as Kai Tak Station of the MTR Shatin to Central Link,
Kai Tak Sports Park and Metro Park, all designed to
promote the area as an alternative core business district
for Hong Kong. Along with various other developments
in the area, such as the Group’s K. City project now
under construction, Kai Tak is set to become a vibrant
new neighbourhood in Hong Kong with strong
potential for further development.
To consolidate its presence in the Yangtze River Delta
region, KWIH expanded in Nanjing. The Group acquired
a premium site and participated in the development of
another premium site in December 2016 and earlier
this year respectively. One is a residential/commercial
site at G89 Jiangning District next to the Nanjing South
Railway Station and other transport and residential
facilities. The second residential site is located at
G87 Pukou District, an area designated for hightech
companies and innovative ventures focusing on
scientific research and technological development. This
site has access to strong educational facilities, such as
Southeast University one kilometre to the north.
SEIZING NEW OPPORTUNITIES
The global political and economic climate in 2017 will
be underscored by several factors: the anticipated faster
pace of US interest rate hikes, the commencement
of the Brexit process in Great Britain, the general
elections in France and Germany, and expectations for
the continued devaluation of the RMB, all of which
will cause uncertainty in the financial markets of Hong
Kong, Mainland China and the rest of the world.
Additionally, the market expects there will be increasing
outflows of Mainland China funds given the rising
yields of US Dollar assets. In the meantime, at the 2017
Central Economic Work Conference it was stated that
one of the priority tasks for the year would be to assure
the stable and healthy development of the property
market, based firmly on the principle of “residential
properties for owners’ use but not for speculation”.
In view of these developments, KWIH will continue
to closely monitor trends in the global economy and
review its risk management strategies to ensure we are
always well-prepared for any challenges that may arise
in the market.
With proven experience and solid financial strength,
KWIH remains committed to the creation of quality
space for living. We will continue to launch new
projects, subject to market conditions, for our
sustainable, long-term business development. In Hong
Kong, we have seen positive sales of K. City in the Kai
Tak Development Area since its launch in February
2017. In the year ahead, we will launch The Palace III
in the Xuhui District, Windermere in the Qingpu District
and Azure in the Pudong District of Shanghai,
while in the Pearl River Delta region we will launch
Huadu Jiahua Plaza Phase III, J Metropolis Phase IV in
Guangzhou and Silver Cove Phase III in Dongguan.
In addition, the Group will continue to expand its
investment property portfolio. The two new serviced
apartments in Shanghai, Stanford Residences Xu Hui
in The Palace and Stanford Residences Jin Qiao in
Azure, will become operational in the second and
fourth quarters of 2017, respectively, and J Town, the
commercial portion of Silver Cove in Dongguan, is
expected to become operational in the second quarter
of the year. Together, these will bring the total GFA of
the Group’s investment properties closer to its goal of
200,000 sqm GFA for the portfolio.
KWIH has maintained a sound financial position in the
marketplace, despite volatility. With its robust sales
revenue and relatively low gearing ratio of 14% at the
end of 2016, strong liquidity is available for the Group’s
business development. We will therefore continue
to maintain our prudent yet progressive approach to
selecting premium sites in Hong Kong, the Yangtze
River Delta and Pearl River Delta regions on a highly
selective basis, with a view to fueling our sustainable,
long-term business development.
STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE FOR
OUR CONTINUING SUCCESS
At KWIH, we firmly believe that sound corporate
governance is essential to the success of our business.
As well as placing strong emphasis on high standards
of corporate governance, we maintain effective risk
management and internal control systems. The Board
of Directors has played a critical role in this regard,
providing the Group with their advice and suggestions
and helping to supervise the Group’s business and
financial operations to ensure our shareholders’
interests are protected.
KWIH has been able to achieve excellent results in this
competitive and challenging era of globalisation thanks
to the diligence and wisdom of our management team
and the commitment of our employees. On behalf
of my fellow Directors on the Board, I would like to
express my sincere gratitude to the management and
staff for their continuing efforts and loyal service. This
year, as the Group celebrates the 30th anniversary of
its listing, we look forward to delivering even greater
shareholder value and to work together to reach our
next milestone of success.
Dr Lui Che-woo
Chairman
21 March 2017