LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS
Johnson Electric delivered a strong set of results for the financial year
2016/17. Healthy organic sales growth, positive contributions from recent
acquisitions, favourable raw materials prices and aggressive action to
reduce costs all combined to produce a significant improvement in profit
margins and record net income.
Highlights of 2016/17 Results
• For the financial year ended 31 March 2017, total sales amounted to US$2,776 million – an increase
of 24% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the effects of acquisitions and foreign currency
movements, underlying sales increased by 7%
• EBITDA totalled US$448 million – an increase of 34% excluding a nonrecurring item in the prior year
• Operating profits were US$296 million or 10.6% of sales. This represented an increase of 35% when
compared to US$220 million or 9.8% of sales in FY2015/16 (excluding a nonrecurring item in the prior
year)
• Net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 38% to a record US$238 million or 26.91 US cents
per share on a fully diluted basis
• As of 31 March 2017, cash reserves amounted to US$128 million and the Group’s total debt to capital
(total equity + total debt) ratio was 16%
Dividends
The interim dividend paid in January 2017 was increased by 7% compared to the prior year to 16
HK cents per share – which was consistent with the previously announced intention to increase
gradually the ratio of interim dividends such that it represents approximately one-third of the prior
financial year’s total dividends paid. For the final dividend, in view of the uncertain global political
landscape and the Group’s own need to continue to invest in increased automation and technology
infrastructure, the Board considers it prudent to recommend maintaining the prior year’s figure of
34 HK cents per share.
Sales Performance
Against a backdrop of a modestly improving, but still rather lacklustre global economy, the sales
performance of the Group during the year was encouraging across all major business areas.
Total Group sales amounted to US$2,776 million, an increase of 24% over the prior financial year.
This figure included a full year sales contribution from Stackpole International of US$475 million compared to a sales contribution of US$182 million for five months in FY2015/16 following its
acquisition. AML Systems, which was acquired in May 2016, contributed sales of US$130 million.
Excluding acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange rate movements which negatively affected
sales on translation by US$34 million, underlying total sales increased by 7%.
The Automotive Products Group (“APG”), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$2,117
million including Stackpole International and AML Systems. Excluding acquisitions and currency effects,
APG’s sales increased by 9%.
APG grew sales in each of the three major geographic regions, with the highest growth coming from
Asia where sales increased by almost 20% on a constant currency basis. The majority of Johnson
Electric’s automotive component sales in Asia are derived from mainland China where our rate of
growth comfortably exceeded underlying passenger vehicle volume growth. It should be noted that the
Chinese car market – the world’s largest – received an additional boost in 2016 due to a reduction
on the sales tax on small-engine vehicles. With the expiration of that tax incentive in January 2017,
sales volume growth in China is projected to slow in the near term.
After several years of buoyant demand growth, the North American car market is also showing signs
of reaching a cyclical peak. U.S. automotive sales declined in each of the first four months of 2017,
despite heavy price discounting by most major OEMs. This contrasted with Europe, APG’s largest endmarket,
where falling unemployment and 15 consecutive quarters of Euro-area economic growth have
resulted in the seasonally adjusted annual sales rate for cars reaching its highest level since early
2008.
The Industry Products Group (“IPG”) reported a 5% increase in sales to US$660 million – representing
24% of total Group sales. This was a satisfactory performance given relatively sluggish consumer
demand in many of our customers’ end markets, as well as ongoing competitive pricing pressure for
several lower-end product applications. The strongest sales performances in IPG occurred in market
segments where Johnson Electric’s motion solutions have clearly differentiated technology, including
remote disconnect metering, lawn and garden equipment and medical devices.
Improved Profitability and Record Net Profit
Attributable to Shareholders
Gross margins, excluding the acquired businesses, increased from 27.4% to 29.7%. This was primarily
the result of increased operating leverage from higher sales volumes and the relatively benign cost
of raw materials during the year. The newly acquired Stackpole International and AML Systems are
automotive components businesses that, consistent with the market segments they serve, have lower
average gross margins than the Group as a whole. Consequently, the Group’s total gross margin for
the year was 26.9% compared to 26.4% in the prior year. Total gross profits increased by 27% to
US$748 million.
Selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales declined from 18.4% to 17.0% reflecting
the benefits of higher operating leverage, lower overhead structures of the acquired businesses,
savings from a major initiative to streamline business processes and reduced one-time acquisition
transaction expenses. These positive factors were partially offset by higher amortisation expenses, 
severance costs and warranty claims and provisions. Combined with a decline in Other Income & Gains
compared to the prior year, the result was that Operating Profits increased 43% to US$296 million or
10.6% of sales.
After taking into account the effect of higher net interest expense and tax charges, total net profit
attributable to shareholders increased 38% to a record US$238 million.
Johnson Electric’s overall financial condition remains robust. As of 31 March 2017, cash reserves
amounted to US$128 million and the total debt to capital ratio was 16%.
Positive Impact from Recent Acquisitions
Over the past two and a half years, the Group has completed three significant acquisitions. These
transactions – Stackpole International, AML Systems and the recently announced Halla Stackpole
Corporation – together serve to expand our business scope and strengthen our growth prospects.
Since their acquisition, both Stackpole and AML have performed ahead of budget and we have been
especially pleased with the progress made in integrating their people and operations into the enlarged
Johnson Electric Group.
On 16 May 2017, the Group completed its acquisition of an additional 50% equity interest in Halla
Stackpole Corporation (“HSC”). HSC is a major supplier of powder metal components to the
automotive industry in Asia with operations in Korea and China. Increasing Johnson Electric’s
ownership interest in HSC to 80% represents an attractive opportunity to increase our exposure to
the region’s rapidly growing powder metal market. Stackpole International is already a recognised
market leader in the powder metal industry in North America and this complementary investment will
provide a platform for accelerating sales growth and strengthening the Group’s position as a global
supplier to key automotive applications that contribute to improved fuel economy, reduced emissions
and increased passenger comfort.
Looking Forward
After achieving very satisfactory results for the past financial year, Johnson Electric is in a strong
position from which to make further progress in the execution of its long term growth strategy.
For the first time since the 2010 initial rebound from the Financial Crisis, there are indications that
each of the three major regional economic powers are experiencing improving economic conditions
that, if sustained, have the potential to drive increased demand for manufactured goods.
As mentioned earlier, some of our end-markets – the US automotive sector, for example – are at a
different stage in the cycle compared to the broader economy. Nonetheless, barring a major
unexpected change in the operating environment, we are optimistic that Johnson Electric can continue
to grow underlying sales over the next three to five years at a mid-single digit percentage rate on a
constant currency basis.In the short term, the major macro-economic challenges to the business are likely to be the recent
increase in raw material prices, ongoing wage inflation and the strength of the US Dollar relative to a
number of other currencies in which we do business – particularly the Euro and the Canadian Dollar.
Based on recent trends in this regard, we anticipate some downward pressure on operating profit
margins in the 2017/18 financial year that will necessitate further actions to drive down costs and
improve productivity.
Looking further ahead, in a world where the number and application of precision motors, actuators,
pumps and related electro-mechanical devices continues to proliferate, I am convinced that the
underlying raison d’être of Johnson Electric is as strong as ever. In the case of the automotive sector,
the secular shift to the next generation of Hybrid and All-Electric vehicles offers an exciting additional
source of demand for new motion sub-systems needed to address the changed internal functional
dynamics of the vehicle from thermal management to braking.
Our key competitive advantages as a company include market leading technology, a genuinely global
operating footprint, and a diversified base of blue-chip customers evenly balanced across Asia, Europe
and the Americas. In a more stable and predictable environment this combination of strengths might
be sufficient to sustain success. However, the Digital Age has fundamentally changed the rules of
business and has enabled value chains to be disrupted in ways and at speeds previously
unimaginable. As a consequence, traditional sources of advantage – while often still valuable – cannot
be relied upon to guarantee prosperity.
Along with many of the end-markets of our customers, industrial component manufacturing has itself
entered a period of radical change and disruption. Advances in factory automation, connectivity, data
exchange and machine learning are set to transform manufacturing from the design stage through to
production and on to inventory management and distribution. Although realising the vision of these
fully integrated “factories of the future” is still a few years ahead of us, the imperative to reconfigure
Johnson Electric’s design and production processes to align with the industrial logic of increased
automation will be pivotal to our business strategy and capital investments going forward.
Shareholders can therefore expect to see Johnson Electric continue to transform its business model
in the coming years to one where our traditional strengths in technology innovation, global reach and
customer responsiveness are increasingly complemented by a highly automated manufacturing model
focused on reduced cycle times and flawless execution.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to sincerely thank our customers, employees, suppliers,
bondholders and shareholders for their continued support.
Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP
Chairman and Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 17 May 2017