On behalf of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (formerly known as Guorun Holdings Limited) (the Company ), I am pleased to present to the shareholders the results report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2003.

The Group s turnover amounted to HK$39,872,000 for the year ended 31 December 2003, representing a decrease of approximately 44.5% as compared to the previous year. The earnings attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$57,486,000, compared to a net loss of HK$105,981,000 in previous year. Basic earnings per share was approximately HK1.6 cents (2002: basic loss per share HK4.3 cents).
The Board does not recommend any payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2003 (2002: nil).
The Company successfully returned to profitability during the year, mainly due to the net profit after tax attributable of HK$68,027,000 to the Group from Zhejiang Geely Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Geely Guorun ) during the seven-month operating period and from Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Maple Guorun ) during the one-month operating period.

After reorganization and transformation, the Group s automobile manufacturing business has returned to its track, and successfully penetrated into the robust sedan market in China, thus a turnaround for 2003 results was recorded.
On 30 March 2003, the Group successfully entered into an joint venture agreement with Zhejiang Geely Holding (Group) Company Limited ( Geely Holding ), a renowned automobile manufacturing enterprise, and its subsidiaries for the establishment of a sino-foreign joint venture company named as Geely Guorun, The Group held approximately 46.8% of the registered capital of Geely Guorun which was principally engaged in the manufacturing of economic class sedans in Beilun Economic and Technological Development Zone, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province. On 10 October 2003, both parties entered into an agreement to increase the total investment in Geely Guorun and its registered capital, with their shareholdings remained unchanged. Geely Guorun has changed its name to Zhejiang Geely Automobile Company Limited on 23 March 2004.
On 10 October 2003, the Group entered into an joint venture agreement with Geely Holding and its subsidiary Shanghai Maple Automobile Company Limited ( Shanghai Maple ) for the establishment of Maple Guorun which is owned as to 46.8% and 53.2% by the Group and Shanghai Maple respectively. Maple Guorun was principally engaged in the manufacturing of economic class sedans in Shanghai Jinshan Fengjing Industrial 
On 5 December 2003, the Group entered into an agreement with Zhejiang Fulin Automobile Parts & Components Company Limited for the establishment of a joint venture company named as Zhejing Fulin Guorun Automobile Parts & Components Company Limited which the Group held 51% of its equity interest, to manufacture automobile parts and components in Taizhou, Zhejiang Province.
The establishment of the above two associated companies and one subsidiary has not only consolidated the foundation of the Group s investments in the PRC automobile industry, but also enabled the business of the Group to be successfully transformed to and positioned in automobile manufacturing and its related 
Looking forward, with the investment in the joint venture companies, the Group will be able to benefit from the giant growth potential of the automobile manufacturing and sales business in the PRC. In anticipation of further expanding the scope of cooperation in automobile business with Geely Holding, the Group will continue to devote its entire effort to develop the automobile business. By capitalizing on the Group s precise business strategies and the management s dedication to exploring business opportunities, the Board believes that future profitability of the Group will further be enhanced, thereby maximizing shareholders 
Lastly, I would like to express my sincere gratitude, on behalf of the Board, to all our clients, business partners and consultants for their continuous support to the Group during the year. Conveying also our cordial thanks to our staff and management for their dedicated service to the Group and the trust and support of our 
By order of the Board, 
