A MESSAGE FROM PATRICK WANG TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, Johnson Electric achieved very satisfactory results for the 2008 financial year in the context of operating conditions that continue to be difficult for global component manufacturers. In fact, the headwinds that constrained performance in 200607 remain prevalent and, in some aspects, have become stronger over the course of the past twelve months.
Despite the generally tougher economic environment, the Group s underlying operating cash generation improved significantly compared to the prior year. And, while we still have work to do in raising the performance of some of the smaller, newer businesses in the portfolio, the overall competitive and financial position of the Group is 
SUMMARY OF 200708 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2008, total sales were US$2,221 million an increase of 6% compared to the 2007 financial year " Operating cash flow amounted to US$316 million, an increase of 42% " Operating profit, after restructuring charges and provisions of US$24 million, increased 20% to US$189 
" Net earnings attributable to shareholders increased by 19% to US$131 million or 3.57 US cents per share " Net debt as a percentage of total equity decreased to 26% from 44% a year earlier " The Board has recommended a final dividend of 1.25 US cents per share, which together with the interim dividend of 0.58 US cents per share, represents a total dividend of 1.83 US cents per share 
The increase in total sales by US$134 million to US$2.22 billion reflected the combination of the strength of the Euro and other currencies against the US Dollar, strong growth in cooling fan module sales in North America and China, and continued expansion of the Group s trading activities. Partially offsetting this growth was lower sales of micromotors to the power tools market and weaker than expected sales to the computer equipment segment by Parlex, the Group s flexible printed circuits business.
The Automotive Products Group (APG), the largest operating division, generated sales of US$1,157 million an increase of 10% over the prior year. European-based automotive industry customers contribute more than 60% of APG s sales and consequently the division benefited from the sustained strength of the Euro currency and generally positive economic conditions in the Euro zone during the year. In addition, the North American cooling fan module business continued to grow market share from a relatively small base; while the same product line in mainland China achieved a healthy double-digit sales increase in a rapidly growing automotive market that is now the second largest in the world.
The Industry Products Group (IPG) recorded sales of US$716 million a decrease of almost 1% compared to the prior year. Modest sales gains by most IPG business units were more than offset by a decline in sales to power tools motor applications reflecting both the sharp downturn in the North American housing market and competitive price pressures in Asia. To confront the competitive threat at the lower end of some segments where IPG operates, Johnson Electric has recently established a separately managed operating unit to supply standardized no frills micromotors to selected customers whose requirements for a low price point outweighs the need for customized engineering and service. The initial results of this innovative, complementary business model have been encouraging.
Other smaller businesses within the Group contributed a combined US$348 million to total sales, an increase of 11% compared to the previous financial year. Johnson Electric Trading, in particular, experienced strong demand for its specialty and recycled metals trading services from an extensive and growing base of small to medium sized customers in mainland China. Parlex Corporation, on the other hand, experienced a slight decline in overall sales due to lower orders from a key computer equipment customer that offset continued strong demand from other industry segments for the company s high quality flexible printed circuit board technology.
IMPROVING PROFITABILITY AND OPERATING CASH FLOW DESPITE STRONG HEADWINDS FROM HIGH RAW MATERIAL PRICES Gross profit margins increased by 0.9% to 25.4%, reflecting a combination of internal operating improvements and external macro-economic factors. Internally, the profitability of the two main operating divisions benefited from volume and mix improvements as well as better execution of price increases especially in IPG to reflect higher input costs. Externally, the business continues to be buffeted by rising copper and steel costs, higher labour costs in China, and the appreciation of the Renminbi currency. However, more than offsetting these negative external factors was the strength of the Euro and other currencies against the US Dollar which was positive for Johnson Electric given the substantial presence that it has developed in Europe over the past several years.
Selling and administrative expenses as a percent of sales reduced slightly and, with higher other income and gains from asset disposals largely offsetting higher restructuring charges and provisions, operating profits increased by 20% to US$189 million. The restructuring provisions of US$24 million related to ongoing initiatives to optimise the Group s global manufacturing footprint as well as a non-cash impairment charge against the book value of an under-utilized US manufacturing facility.
As highlighted earlier, the operating cash flow performance of the Group was particularly encouraging with higher operating profits supplemented by better working capital management. This enabled the Group to further reduce its borrowings and increase its cash reserves to the extent that net debt at the financial year end amounted to US$298 million or 26% of total equity (compared to US$424 million or 44% of total equity a year ago).
BUILDING A STRONGER, MORE ADAPTABLE BUSINESS MODEL The acceleration of global economic integration combined with advances in technology has meant that manufacturing businesses today are required to cope with change that is unprecedented in terms of its pace and breadth of impact. Sticking to a single tried and tested formula that worked well in the past is increasingly a high risk strategy for corporate success.
For the first four decades in its history, Johnson Electric pursued a strategy focused on building a large-scale manufacturing platform in mainland China to export small precision motors to international customers. While that low-cost manufacturing platform remains a critical source of competitive advantage for the Group, over the most recent decade the strategy has evolved to embrace a broader base of capabilities and technologies that we believe provides Johnson Electric with much stronger, more balanced business model with greater potential to sustain longer term value creation.
Whereas ten years ago the Group operated just two factories in Asia, today we have some thirty manufacturing and assembly plants in fourteen countries on five continents. Our range of motor and motion-related products has expanded dramatically as well and now extends from the most basic DC motor to sophisticated sub-systems incorporating geared motors, pumps, switches and flexible interconnections.
Some of our plants are geared to serving customers whose particular engineering requirements and lower production volumes demand close geographic proximity; other plants focus on higher volumes and an efficient global supply chain to flow-ship finished goods across continents to a customer s warehouse or assembly plant.
Plants located in higher cost countries tend to feature greater degrees of industrial automation; while plants in lower cost countries such as China, Hungary or Poland naturally tend to use more labour-intensive production 
The point of this increased scope and breadth to our business is that it enables Johnson Electric to navigate through exceptionally volatile and unpredictable external market conditions with more confidence and lower risk than if we were dependent on a narrower product line or span of operation. In addition, it offers us the potential to deliver a range of solutions to customers across the entire product life cycle that no other competitor can 
