Statement from the Chairman 
2012 was a year of record performance at K. Wah International Holdings Limited ( KWIH ), thanks to the enthusiastic reception of several quality projects that we launched in Hong Kong and Mainland China. During the period, attributable revenue increased 2.7 times to HK$11,842 million, while profit attributable to equity holders of the company rose 2.5 times to HK$4,300 
Our Board recommended a final dividend of 10 HK cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of 5 HK cents per share, the total dividend for the year amounted to 15 HK cents per share, a 50% increase compared with the year before.
ROBUST SALES SUPPORTED BY STRATEGIC 
Severe challenges remained in the international economic landscape in 2012, as the ongoing Euro debt crisis, concerns about the economic recovery and debt ceiling of the US, and moderated economic growth in emerging markets weighed down the world economy.
The Asian economies, on the other hand, performed well with China reporting a 7.8% growth in Gross Domestic Product and Hong Kong recording a mild 
Governments continued their quantitative easing policies in a bid to bolster economic growth. Ample liquidity together with low interest rates fuelled robust demand for assets. Throughout most of 2012, property prices were on an upward trend in Hong Kong and, to a lesser extent, Mainland China.
During the year, KWIH made strategic moves to launch high quality projects in Hong Kong, including Marinella on Island South, The Coronation in West Kowloon, and Providence Bay and Providence Peak at Pak Shek Kok, Tai Po, all of which were well received by the market.
We are especially pleased to report that Marinella, a landmark luxury seafront residential project featuring sophisticated designs and numerous green features, became the first residential project in Hong Kong to be honoured with BEAM Plus Platinum Certification. This recognition acknowledged our support of sustainable development and our long-standing commitment to innovation and excellence.
In Mainland China, the Group achieved satisfactory sales with the launch of projects in Shanghai, including The Palace, a luxury development in the city centre tailored for the high-end market, as well as large-scale residential developments catering to the underlying demand for housing, such as The Legend and Upstream Park. In Guangzhou, the first batch of units in J Metropolis, another sizeable residential development, drew keen market interest after their launch in early 2013.
These remarkable sales results reflect our strategy of timing our launches flexibly to capitalize on the demand for quality properties, while further underpinning K. Wah s reputation for quality in both Hong Kong and 
During the same period, the investment property portfolio of the Group, including Shanghai K Wah Centre, a grade A office building, Huadu Jiahua Plaza in Guangzhou, and J SENSES in Hong Kong, continued to generate significant recurrent income.
REPLENISHING OUR LANDBANK FOR 
During the year, KWIH acquired five high quality land parcels in Hong Kong and Mainland China for the sum of approximately HK$5 billion, bringing our total attributable landbank under development and planning up to 1.8 million square metres. These acquisitions were made possible by our growing financial strength, which was enhanced by strong sales in Mainland China and Hong Kong, and prudent financial management.
Located in well developed, highly accessible communities and supported by comprehensive ancillary facilities, the parcels we acquired have enormous potential for development. The Group has started project planning with the aim of delivering unique and innovative premium housing that will be launched according to market conditions in the coming years.
As at the end of 2012, our cash and bank balances amounted to HK$7.2 billion, and our net gearing ratio remained at a healthy level of approximately 21%.
Supported by our strong financial position and ongoing cash inflows from property launches, the Group will continue to replenish its landbank in Hong Kong, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta in a disciplined approach. This will be achieved by acquiring quality sites through a stringent selection process and identifying investment opportunities with good potential in order to deliver the best possible value for 
SEIZING MARKET OPPORTUNITIES TO CREATE LONG-TERM VALUE Uncertainty will continue to prevail in the macro- economic landscape in the year ahead as governments in Hong Kong and Mainland China introduce additional measures to regulate the property market, which we believe will contribute to its healthy and stable development over the long term. In the meantime, we see sustained demand for quality properties. The Central Government and the Hong Kong SAR Government have also made it clear that if property prices continue to rise, they will respond swiftly. At KWIH, we will remain alert to regulatory changes and make future investment decisions based on our disciplined approach.
The Hong Kong SAR Government s commitment to increase the medium- to long-term land supply will also present opportunities for experienced developers with a strong financial position. Over the past decades, K. Wah has won the trust of homebuyers and firmly established itself as a builder of outstanding property developments.
We are confident that with our projects and replenished landbank we are well positioned to implement our flexible marketing strategy and to launch projects with 
STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE UNDERPINS THE GROUP S SUCCESS We recognize that the trust placed in us by our shareholders is based on a strong foundation of corporate governance, transparency and ethical business behaviour. Our Board comprises leaders in various professions or social sectors whose experience brings immense benefit to our business operations. In their role, they approve the annual budgets prepared by our management and ensure the overall standard of corporate governance at KWIH is maintained at the 
Our exceptional achievement for the year has been made possible by the dedication of our staff, in particular our team of seasoned professionals whose acute market sense and strong execution capabilities have contributed to our business success. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank them sincerely for their unwavering commitment to serving the Group.
I take great pride in having such an outstanding team at KWIH and look forward to our continuous success in the 
Dr Lui Che-woo 
27 March 2013 