LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP Chairman and Chief Executive Johnson Electric achieved strong results in the financial year 201314. A gradually improving global economy, subdued raw material prices, and on-going operating efficiency gains provided the foundation for a record profit and further strengthening of the Group s balance 
The macro-economic environment has shown clear signs of recovery over the course of the past year, particularly in developed economies. As the threat of further post-crisis economic disruptions recedes, consumer confidence is beginning to strengthen and unemployment levels are declining in the US and have stabilised in Europe. Although the prospects for a near-term acceleration in global growth rates remain low (and are not helped by rising geopolitical concerns in Eastern Europe), these more stable operating conditions were reflected in Johnson Electric s positive financial results in the past year and are encouraging us to pursue longer term new growth initiatives aggressively.
HIGHLIGHTS OF 201314 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2014, total sales amounted to US$2,098 million an increase of 2% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the effects of non-recurring items and foreign currency changes, underlying sales increased by 3% " Gross profit margins increased to 29.5% from 28.0% in the prior year " EBITDA totalled US$322 million up 6% " Operating profits increased by 10% to US$233 million (11.1% of sales). Excluding the one-time gain associated with the divestiture of a non-core business and other non-recurring items recorded in the prior financial year, operating profits increased by 24% " Net profit attributable to shareholders increased to a record US$208 million, an increase 
" Earnings per share increased by 9% to 5.85 US cents " The Group s gearing level remained low with a debt to total capital ratio declining from 7% to 6%. At the financial year end, the Group had total borrowings of US$117 million and total cash reserves of US$644 million 
PROPOSED SHARE CAPITAL CONSOLIDATION The Board has recommended increasing the final dividend paid to shareholders by 6% to 8.5 HK cents (1.09 US cents) per share, which together with the interim dividend of 3 HK cents (0.38 US cents) per share, represents a total dividend of 11.5 HK cents (1.47 US cents) per 
It is the intention of the Board to increase, gradually and over the long term, the ratio of interim dividends such that it represents approximately one-third of the prior financial year s total dividends paid. Related to this, the Board is also proposing a 1 for 4 consolidation of Johnson Electric ordinary shares which, if approved by shareholders, will enable greater flexibility in future dividend distributions. Subject to the performance of the Group in the first half of the 201415 financial year and taking into account its overall financial condition and prospects at the time, the Board intends to give consideration to increasing the 201415 interim dividend which has remained constant at 3 HK cents per share (or 12 HK cents per share assuming the proposed share consolidation is implemented) for the past three years.

The 2% increase in total sales to US$2,098 million reflected the combination of strong demand from automotive customers, lower sales to industrial customers, foreign exchange rate movements, the effects of divesting a non-core business and other non-recurring items in the prior financial year. Assuming constant exchange rates and excluding those non-recurring items, Johnson Electric s underlying sales increased by 3%.
The Automotive Products Group ( APG ), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$1,437 million. In constant currency terms and excluding the one-time effect of in-sourcing a distribution channel in Europe in the prior year, APG s sales increased by 7% with all major geographic regions delivering improved results.
APG s focus on providing innovative motion subsystems that improve fuel economy, reduce fuel emissions or enhance safety and comfort is continuing to bring it success in the 
The result of these compelling product offerings was especially evident in Europe where, despite car sales dropping to a two decade low in 2013, APG grew its sales in constant currency terms by 10% compared to the prior year. Sales to Asia grew by 4% in constant currency terms reflecting the combination of solid sales to China and India offset somewhat by comparatively weaker sales in other countries in the region. APG s sales to the Americas, presently its smallest geographic end market, recorded only a slight improvement due to soft demand in South America and the end of some programmes affecting the Body Comfort and Actuator Systems business units in North America.
The Industry Products Group ( IPG ) reported a 4% decline in sales to US$661 million. As has been discussed in prior reports to shareholders, IPG has been undergoing an important repositioning in the past few years by which it has sought to reduce its exposure to some more commoditised product applications and focus instead on market segments which value more differentiated technology solutions. While competitive pressures in lower end product applications continue to depress IPG s total sales, we are increasingly encouraged by the response of customers to our range of new product innovations and by the improved gross margins the division is achieving overall.
A key product development strategy of IPG is to improve energy efficiency and to create human value in end-user products. To this end, Johnson Electric has continued to invest in developing and launching new patent-protected products to align with the Smart Grid remote management initiatives that are becoming major features in the electricity and gas distribution industries worldwide. Remotely activated shut-off valves for gas meters and connectiondisconnection modules for electric meters have been designed to exceed local regulatory requirements for safety and performance and over the course of the past few months this has resulted in important new business wins in the US, Europe and Asia.
IMPROVED PROFITABILITY AND CASH FLOW FROM OPERATIONS On the cost side of the business, the Group has continued to benefit from relatively stable raw material prices and from management s perennial efforts to eliminate waste and improve the efficiency of our operations. Partly offsetting this was the impact of continued high wage inflation in China where the majority of our labour force is located. These factors, together with improved sales volumes and product mix, resulted in gross profit margins increasing by 1.5 percentage points to 29.5%.
Operating profitability also improved with margins rising to 11.1% from 10.3% in the prior year. This improvement reflected a combination of factors including favourable foreign exchange movements and hedging gains, cost reductions including quality and reliability improvements, and year-on-year variations in provisions and other one-time gains or losses.
The prior year s operating profit also included a number of non-recurring items including a gain on the divestiture of a non-core business.
Johnson Electric s consistently robust cash generative qualities were reflected in its free cash flow from operations which, excluding the effects of in-sourcing a distribution channel in the prior year, increased by 43% to US$231 million.
INVESTING FOR LONG-TERM GROWTH AND IMPROVED OPERATING EFFECTIVENESS Capital expenditure in the year under review increased by 12% to US$92 million. Taken on its own, this figure tends to understate the breadth of activity that is underway inside the Group to improve the effectiveness of our operating model and strengthen our competitive position over the longer term.
The in-house design and manufacture of customised production equipment and assembly lines has been a key factor in Johnson Electric s success for decades and we are leveraging this expertise to bring much higher levels of automation into our production processes. A key benefit of this new equipment is the ability to offset part of the substantial and ongoing rise in direct labour costs in China. In addition, the new equipment and processes that have been developed in China are being introduced directly into the new facilities that are being built in other countries. This is helping to standardise operating processes, accelerate production ramp-up and improve product quality and reliability.
During the past year the Group commenced construction of a new production facility in Nia, Serbia and is close to completing the fitting out of an expanded facility in Chennai, India. In Zacatecas, Mexico, a significant increase in production is underway to serve APG and IPG customers in both North and South America. These initiatives are important elements in the creation of a truly global operating footprint that has the flexibility, responsiveness and close proximity to customers that we believe will be critical for success in our industry in the 
Supplementing these investments in organic growth, we are continuing to explore and evaluate potential acquisitions that can add value to the Group. Among the characteristics upon which we place a high priority in determining the attractiveness of acquisition candidates are differentiated technology, entrenched positions in markets where local contextual knowledge are essential, and a focus on applications with favourable long-term growth and competitive dynamics.

Notwithstanding the risks and uncertainties created by the current political turmoil in Ukraine, the overall outlook for the markets where Johnson Electric operates is broadly stable with signs of a gradual pick-up in demand in the US and Europe. Ultimately more substantive structural reforms will likely be needed to bring about a return to higher pre-crisis levels of global economic growth. Hence, in the near term the Group s sales will continue to reflect the combination of continued strength from our automotive division and a more gradual turnaround from our industrial division where fierce competition in some lower end segments will remain a constraining factor.
As noted earlier, the Group is investing aggressively to strengthen its global operating footprint, expand its production capacity and capabilities, and improve its supporting infrastructure in areas such as information technology and quality assurance. In the 201415 financial year, we plan to commence production in newly built plants in India and Serbia, as well as significantly expand our existing facility in Mexico to meet customer demand. The effect of these longer term growth projects will be higher capital expenditures and operating costs in the short term as new plants go through their normal start-up phase to achieve targeted higher production volumes. In addition, we face the recurrent headwind of sharply rising labour rates in China which will again require further efforts on the part of management to identify cost savings and new areas for efficiency improvements and 
