The Group continued its transition into the New Geely* during 2009.
The Strategic Transformation implemented since mid-2007 continued to yield very encouraging results as evidenced by the rising market share of Geely sedans in China in 2009. The increase was partly helped by the government s policies to promote economy sedans, but also as a result of the improving product quality and rising customers satisfaction over Geely s products as measured by J.D. Power s various product and service quality studies in China during 2009.

While the Chinese sedan market had experienced exceptionally strong growth in 2009, recovery in our major export markets has been slow throughout the year. Despite this, the very strong growth in the Chinese sedan market and our higher market share had enabled the Group to record substantial increase in turnover to RMB14.1 billion for the year ended 31 December 2009. The strong growth in turnover was also partly due to the full consolidation of the financial results of the Group s key operating subsidiaries since July 2008 after completion of the acquisition of additional stakes in these subsidiaries (the Acquisitions ).
Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB1.18 billion, representing an increase of 35% over 2008, due to the strong growth in profit contributions from the Group s five major operating subsidiaries Zhejiang Geely Automobile Company Limited ( Zheijang Geely ), Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Shanghai Maple ), Zhejiang Kingkong Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Kingkong ), Zhejiang Ruhoo Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Ruhoo ) and Hunan Geely Automobile Components Company Limited ( Hunan Geely ) (collectively referred as the operating subsidiaries ). The growth in their profit contribution was partly due to our higher shareholdings in these operating entities from 46.81% to 91% after the completion of the Acquisitions in mid 2008, and the continued success achieved by the Group s Strategic Transformation which has achieved initial success of transforming the Group s competitiveness from price competitive to technology and performance competence , thus resulting in significant increase in sales volume, improvement in product mix towards higher-end sedans, and product price stability during the period. The strong 2009 results were despite a continued weak export market and the start up costs for the new projects like the acquisitions of automatic transmissions manufacturer Drivetrain Systems International Pty Limited ( DSI ) and the acquisitions of two manufacturing plants in Lanzhou and Chengdu from the Group s major shareholder Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Company Limited ( Geely Holding ) during the year.

* New Geely means transforming Geely s competitive advantage from price competitive to technology and performance competence.

The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of HK2.3 cents (2008: HK1.6 cents) per share for 2009.

The growth of sedan demand in the China market speeded up in 2009, helped by improving consumer sentiment following the Chinese government s implementation of a series of stimulation programmes, aiming at sheltering Chinese economy from the global financial crisis started in late 2008, and the promulgation of some specific policies targeting at stimulating demand for smaller size vehicles. As a result, total sales volume of passenger cars in China increased by 48% over the previous year to a total of 7.47 million units in 2009 according to figures from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers ( CAAM ), making China one of the largest car markets in the World in 2009. Cost pressure also subsided a lot during the year due to continued weak demand outside China. Prices for key raw materials and components have been relatively stable during most of 2009.
Although automobile demand in most of the Group s export markets remained very weak during 2009, this had been more than offset by the exceptional strong demand in the China market.

Despite those challenges and difficulties like shortage of production capacity and weak export demand, the Group still managed to capitalize on the strong demand in the domestic market, enabling the Group to raise its domestic market share and achieve another record year in terms of sales volume and profitability in 2009, helped by the significant effort by the Group s operating subsidiaries to improve customer satisfactions, production quality and reliability and to further enhance their brand images during 2009.

To cope with the rapid changes in market environment, the Group has embarked on a major Strategic Transformation since May 2007, through expansion into higher-end and larger-sized vehicles and major investments to enhance the Group s technology competence and product branding, aiming at transforming its competitive advantages from price competitive to technology and performance competent. The Strategic Transformation continued to yield obvious positive results in 2009, enabling the Group to achieve remarkable results despite an increasingly competitive sedan market in both China and abroad. Thanks to the initial success in the Group s Strategic Transformation , the Group has successfully migrated to the new Multi-brand Strategy in product sales and marketing and fully implemented the Platform Strategy in new product development during the year.

Geely Automobile Holdings Limited - Annual Report 2009 Letter to Shareholders 
The Group sold a total of 326,710 units of sedans in 2009, up 60% over 2008, raising its share in the China s sedan market to over 4%. Of which, 6% or 19,350 units were sold abroad, down 49% from last year.
In the Chinese market, the Group s sales volume was up 85% over last year to 307,360 units in 2009. During the year, the Group s profit margin was well protected by stable product prices and production costs helped by better economies of scales and strengthened relationship with major suppliers, offsetting the lower profitability in the export markets as a result of sharp drop in export volume and relatively higher expenses.
Total net profit of the Group was up over 52% to RMB1.32 billion on 228% growth in revenue, both are record highs in the Group s history.
After minority interests, net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up 35% to RMB1.18 billion in 2009.

Like last year, 2010 should continue to be full of opportunities and challenges as the global automobile industry is undergoing its largest transformation in its history. With the timely implementation of its Strategic Transformation three years ago and the very positive results achieved so far, I believe the Strategic Transformation should continue to strengthen the Group s competitive advantages in the coming years, putting the Group in a strong position to benefit substantially from the big changes happening in the global automobile industry, thereby enabling the management to further enhance the returns to the Company s shareholders.

The Group will continue to focus on the operation and expansion of its automobile business, to actively seek for ways and opportunities to further broaden its product line to include higher value-added products, and to expand its operations into the global market, with an aim to become a leading supplier for the safest, the most environmental friendly and the most energy efficient vehicles in the global market. To achieve this, the Group will continue to invest heavily in the research and development of new product platforms, new technologies and new models in a bid to narrow the technology gap between the Group and the major international automobile companies. More effort has been spent in the areas of quality control, technology development and innovation, parts and component procurement, marketing and distribution and customer services to further strengthen the Group s brand image and overall competitiveness.

I believe 2010 would be a very challenging year for the Group given the high bases for comparison in terms of sales volume and profitability in the previous year, higher overall cost base due to addition of two new plants, the launches of three new brands and their associated sales networks in previous year, and the planned launches of a record number of new products in the coming year. Motor vehicles sales in most parts of the World market remains fragile. As a result, our exports business could continue to face major challenges given the fierce competition and our short history of operation in our major export markets.

In view of the continued challenging environment, we have speeded up the exploration of other new markets like Taiwan and Central America in the past year. These new markets should start to contribute meaningfully to our overall export sales in 2010. We shall continue to proceed with the remaining steps under our Strategic Transformation to further improve the competitiveness of our products. The timely acquisition of DSI s key operating assets and business last year has significantly enhanced the competitiveness of our products, enabling the Group to offer a full range of sedan models equipped with automatic transmissions. Our other focus in 2010 also includes major effort to enhance customer satisfactions, brand recognition, quality control, innovation capability, sales and marketing, financial management and human resources management.

On the positive front, the demand for sedans in China remained very strong so far in 2010. With China s very low penetration rate for motor vehicles, I believe China s motor vehicle market should remain one of the best performing markets in the World in the coming year. Further, the Chinese government has promulgated more policies since the beginning of 2010 to stimulate motor vehicle demand with focus on promoting fuel- efficient and environmental friendly economy sedans, aiming to ensure positive growth in motor vehicle demand in 2010.

With the successful completion of the initial phase of our Strategic Transformation and the planned launches of new products and technologies to further strengthen the Group s competitiveness, I believe the Group is well positioned to further expand its market shares in the China market in 2010, thus enabling the Group to sustain its earnings growth in the coming few years.

Li Shu Fu 
