2008 was a milestone year in the Group s history with its successful transformation into the ultimate holding vehicle of auto-related assets of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Company Limited ( Geely Holding ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, Geely Holding Group ), following the completion of the acquisition of additional interests in the Group s five major operating associates on 1 July 2008, raising its equity interests in these operating associates to 91% ( the Acquisitions ). By virtue of the Acquisitions, the Group s five major operating associates the key earnings contributors to the Group, comprising virtually all Geely Holding Group s operating auto-related businesses have become subsidiaries of the Group, thus allowing the Group to fully consolidate their financial results into the Group s consolidated financial statements from July 2008 onwards.
Helped by the full consolidation of the financial results of the vehicle manufacturing businesses since July 2008, the Group s turnover increased substantially to RMB4,289 million for the year ended 31 December 2008.
Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to RMB879 million, representing a significant increase of 191% over 2007, due to the strong growth in profit contributions from the Group s five major operating subsidiaries Zhejiang Geely Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Geely ), Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Shanghai Maple ), Zhejiang Kingkong Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Kingkong ), 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present to you the 2008 results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ).

Li Shu Fu 
Zhejiang Ruhoo Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Ruhoo ) and Hunan Geely Automobile Components Company Limited ( Hunan Geely ) (collectively, operating subsidiaries ). The strong growth in their profit contribution was partly due to the higher shareholdings in these five major operating entities from 46.81% to 91% after the completion of the Acquisitions in mid 2008, and the continued success achieved by the operating subsidiaries Strategic Transformation, resulted in improvement in product mix towards higher-end sedans, and product price stability during the period. Significant achievements by the operating subsidiaries in improving customer satisfactions, and product reliability and quality also contributed to the strong performance during the year.

The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of HK1.6 cents (2007: HK1.3 cent) per share for 2008.

The growth of sedan demand in the China market encountered a sharp slow down since the second quarter of 2008. This, coupled with the tremendous cost pressure, especially in the early part of the year, caused by high inflation in China and rapidly rising prices of raw materials during the first half of the year, followed by rapidly deteriorating consumer sentiment caused by the global 
financial market turmoil in the third quarter of 2008, have resulted in very difficult market condition for most Chinese sedan manufacturers during most of the time in 2008.
Despite the severe challenges and difficulties, and thus a sharp slow down in exports sales towards the end of the year, the Group still managed to achieve another record year in terms of sales volume and profitability in 2008, helped by the significant effort by the Group s operating subsidiaries to improve customer satisfactions, product quality and reliability and to further enhance their brand images during 2008.
To cope with the rapid changes in market environment, the Group has embarked on a major Strategic Transformation since May 2007, through expansion into higher-end and larger-sized vehicles and major investments to enhance the Group s technology competence and product branding, aiming at transforming its competitive advantages from price competitive to technology and performance competent. The Strategic Transformation started to yield obvious positive results in 2008, enabling the Group to achieve remarkable results despite a significant weaker sedan market in both China and abroad. Thanks to the initial success in the Group s Strategic Transformation , the Group has successfully migrated from its old lower-priced models to new higher- margin models during the year.

10 Geely Automobile Holdings Limited - Annual Report 2008 
The Group sold a total of 204,205 units of Geely and Maple sedans in 2008, up 12% over 2007. Of which, 19% or 37,940 units were sold abroad, up 80% over last year.
In the Chinese market, the Group s sales volume was up 4% over last year to 166,265 units in 2008. Despite a relatively slower growth in domestic sales volume, the Group, however, achieved a sharp improvement in product mix towards higher-priced models during the period. The three higher-priced models including Free Cruiser , Geely Kingkong and Vision accounted for 76% of the Group s total sales volume in 2008, compared with 63% in 2007 and less than 40% in 2006. During the year, the Group s profit margin was well protected by improved product mix, stability of product prices helped by enhanced brand image and better customer satisfaction, and stable production costs helped by strengthened relationship with major suppliers. Total net profit of the Group s five major operating subsidiaries, or its vehicles manufacturing division, was up over 47% to RMB1,063 million on 16% growth in sales revenues for motor vehicles to RMB8,157 million, both are record highs in the Group s history.

2008 was the Group s best performing year in its history in terms of both sales and profitability, helped by the timely implementation of its Strategic Transformation more than two years ago. The Strategic Transformation has so far yielded very positive results, as evidenced by the 
tremendous success of a new economy car platform the Geely Panda launched in November 2008 and the significant improvement in brand recognition and customer satisfaction by Geely s products as indicated by the recent results of major industry surveys in China s sedan market.
We believe that the Strategic Transformation could continue to enhance the Group s competitive advantages in the coming years, thereby to further enhance the returns to the Company s shareholders.
The Group will continue to focus on the operation and expansion of its automobile business, to actively seek for ways and opportunities to further broaden its product line to include higher value-added products, and to gradually expand its operations into the global market, with an aim to become a leading supplier for the safest, the most environmental friendly and the most energy efficient vehicles in the global market. To achieve this, the Group will continue to invest heavily in the research and development of new product platforms, new technologies and new models in a bid to narrow the Group s technology gap compared with major international automobile companies. Major changes have also been implemented in the areas of quality control, technology development and innovation, parts and component procurement, marketing and distribution and customer services to further strengthen the Group s brand image and overall competitiveness.

I do agree that 2009 would be a very challenging year for most of our automotive peers with a significant slowdown in motor vehicles sales in most parts of the World market. In particular, our exports business could be facing major challenge given the current financial difficulties faced by some of our major export markets.
With no sign of early recovery in these markets, we have decided to take a more proactive approach to speed up the exploration of other new markets which are less affected by the current global financial market turmoil and have good potential demand for our products. We shall continue to proceed with the remaining steps under our Strategic Transformation to further improve the competitiveness of our products. Other focus for the Group in 2009 includes major effort to enhance customer satisfactions, and full implementation of Product Platform and Multi-brand strategies.
On the positive front, the demand for sedans in China has only been slightly affected so far. With the very low level of leverage in China s automobile market and amongst the major Chinese automobile manufacturers, and the country s still very low penetration rate for motor vehicles, I believe China s motor vehicle market should remain the best performing market in the World in the coming year. Further, the Chinese government has taken bold steps to stimulate motor vehicle demand with focus 
on promoting fuel-efficient and environmentally friendly economy sedans, aiming to ensure positive growth in motor vehicle demand in 2009.
With the successful completion of the initial phase in our Strategic Transformation , replacing our old lower- priced models with the better quality higher-priced models developed using our newly implemented Platform Strategy , I believe the Group is well positioned to expand its market shares in the China market in 2009. This, coupled with the completion of the Acquisitions in mid- 2008, which almost doubled the Group s share of profit from its vehicle manufacturing business, and the lower cost base into the 2009, should help the Group to sustain its consistent earnings growth in the coming few years.

Li Shu Fu 
