A MESSAGE FROM PATRICK WANG TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, The 2009 financial year witnessed some of the most extraordinary and challenging operating conditions that Johnson Electric has faced in its fifty year history.
It was extraordinary in the sense that the first half of the year was characterized by buoyant demand in major markets and acute supply shortages and extremely high prices for key raw materials such as steel, yet over the course of the second half a global financial crisis triggered a collapse in consumer demand and a rapid decline in many commodity prices. It was especially challenging because almost all of the major markets and geographies in which Johnson Electric operates experienced sharp and almost simultaneous declines in demand that placed most global industrial manufacturing enterprises under severe pressure.
We believe the Group performed creditably under the unique circumstances in recording an essentially break- even result for the year as a whole and in maintaining a sufficiently sound balance sheet with which to navigate what are likely to be very difficult conditions in the year ahead.
SUMMARY OF 200809 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2009, total sales were US$1,828 million " Operating cash flow from continuing operations amounted to US$260 million " Operating profit from continuing operations, after restructuring costs and asset impairment charges of US$19 million, amounted to US$47 million " Losses from discontinued operations amounted to US$31 million " Net earnings attributable to shareholders, including losses incurred in discontinued operations, amounted to US$2.6 million or 0.07 US cents per share. Excluding losses from discontinued operations, earnings amounted to 0.92 US cents per share " Net debt as a percentage of total equity was 23% compared to 26% a year earlier. At year end, the Group s cash and cash equivalent reserves amounted to US$302 million 
In view of the prevailing macro-economic conditions, the Board has determined that the business and its shareholders would be best served by retaining cash within the Company at the present time and therefore no dividend will be distributed for the 200809 financial year.
SALES AND DEMAND TRENDS The 18% decrease in total sales to US$1.83 billion was largely due to the sharp contraction in demand in the second half of the year across virtually all of the major segments in which the Group operates. In addition, the Group s trading operations were scaled-back to adjust to the volatility in the commodity markets and some new trading ventures were discontinued entirely.
The Automotive Products Group (APG), the largest operating division, was hardest hit by the global economic downturn, which in the first quarter of calendar 2009 had resulted in new light vehicle production volumes in North America declining by over 50% year-on-year, and production volumes in Europe partially cushioned by government incentives declining by 36%. As a consequence, APG s sales for the 200809 financial year totaled US$905 million, a decline of US$252 million or 22% compared to the prior year.
Although the division has minimal direct sales to Chrysler and General Motors, the much publicized financial distress of these and other automotive OEMs has resulted in de-stocking, temporary production shutdowns, and plant closures that has had a detrimental effect on all participants in the automotive supply chain including Johnson Electric. Furthermore, it has generally been the larger-sized or higher-end luxury car models that experienced the sharpest declines in demand, and these models typically consume a higher number of Johnson Electric s motor and actuator products than small-sized or lower-end cars. The main positive development for APG during the year was its continued progress in gaining market share in China and other emerging markets.
As a result, APG s sales to Asia increased by 2% compared to the prior year and now contribute 18% of the division s sales.
The Industry Products Group (IPG) recorded sales of US$654 million a decrease of 9% or US$62 million compared to the prior year. While not as severe as the situation in the automotive sector, the major end-markets of IPG, including home appliances, power tools and business and industrial equipment, all weakened during the second half of the financial year as a result of depressed housing and construction markets, lower consumer expenditure, and reduced economic activity in general. In many segments, Johnson Electric in fact achieved market share gains due to the flexibility and responsiveness of our business model, new product introductions, and a trend on the part of some customers to direct more of their purchases towards larger, more financially stable players who offer greater reliability of supply in the current operating environment.
Other manufacturing businesses within the Group contributed a combined US$207 million to total sales. This represented a decrease of 5% compared to the previous financial year due to a reduction in sales by Parlex Corporation, the Group s flexible printed circuit board business, which was both impacted by the global economic downturn and its strategic exit of some unprofitable segments. Partly offsetting that sales decline was the positive sales performances of both Saia-Burgess Controls and China Autoparts, Inc.
Johnson Electric Trading, which includes motor-related sourcing and a specialty metals supply business, saw its revenues decline sharply by 53% to US$62 million due to the combination of reduced demand and the dramatic fall in commodity prices during the year. In addition, Green Vision Group, a new operation within the Trading segment focused on sourcing and supplying scrap metals, suffered due to the significant shifts in demand, supply and pricing over the period. Given the consequent unfavourable economics and risk profile of the business venture, the Green Vision operations were discontinued and its financial results are disclosed separately in the Group s financial statements under Discontinued Operations.
RESIZING AND RESHAPING THE BUSINESS FOR THE CHANGED 
The unprecedented speed and severity by which sales contracted in the second half inevitably reduced profitability and, for several business units, resulted in operating losses in the latter months of the financial year.
Overall gross profit margins for the full year declined from 25% to 23% due largely to lower volumes and the ongoing high cost of raw materials which, despite spot prices falling significantly in the second half, remained a burden given the duration of supply contracts and forward hedged positions. However, the negative impact of the downturn on profit margins was minimized by rapid actions taken by management to cut variable costs and resize the operations to reflect the demands of the market. Direct labour headcount, for example, was reduced by approximately 8,000 or 29% in the six months between September 2008 and March 2009 with the majority of that reduction occurring in the Group s manufacturing operations in China.
Similarly, the Group has instituted stringent measures to contain and reduce overheads wherever possible.
Although the decline in sales revenue was too deep to prevent sales and administrative expenses increasing as a percentage of sales, in absolute dollar terms these expenses declined by US$16 million compared to the prior year.
And in the second half of the financial year, the reduction in such expenses amounted to US$41 million or 22% compared to the same period a year earlier.
Given every indication that we are in the midst of a deep and long global recession, management has undertaken a review of its global manufacturing and sales footprint to assess where and how it can be resized and reshaped to meet the needs of our customers in a sustainable and profitable manner. As a result, the Group is in the process of implementing various restructuring initiatives globally and the costs, and ultimate benefits, can be expected to be felt across the course of Johnson Electric s operating and financial results over the next one to two years at least.
THE STRENGTH OF JOHNSON ELECTRIC While the effective execution of the restructuring program is the top near-term priority, management is also conscious that it must simultaneously be looking further ahead.
No other company has the breadth of Johnson Electric s offering in motor and motion-related products which combined with our global physical footprint and unique fulfillment capabilities is a source of significant competitive advantage. And although the current environment is extraordinarily testing for industrial manufacturing businesses, it is those with a strong business model and real advantages that can look to the future with confidence. For example, despite the drastic decline in sales experienced in the second half of the year, the Company s flexible and comparatively low-capital intensive operations were able to generate healthy, positive 
