On behalf of the Board of Directors of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited (the Company ), I have the pleasure of presenting to you the 2007 results of the Company and its subsidiaries (the 
The Group s turnover amounted to HK$137 million for the year ended 31 December 2007, up 8% from the previous year. Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company amounted to HK$315 million, representing an increase of 51% over 2006.
The large increase in net profit was attributable to the strong growth in profit contributions from the 
Group s four operating associates Zhejiang Geely Automobile Company Limited ( Zheijang Geely ), Shanghai Maple Guorun Automobile Company Limited ( Shanghai Maple ), Zhejiang Kingkong Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Kingkong ) and Zhejiang Ruhoo Automobile Company Limited ( Zhejiang Ruhoo ) (collectively referred as the operating associates ). Their strong earnings growth, particularly in the second half of 2007, was mainly due to the initial success achieved by the operating associates strategic transformation into higher value-added products, as evidenced by the strong performance of the three higher-end models launched over the last two years including the 2008 version of Free Cruiser economy sedans, 
Li Shu Fu, 
ANNUAL REPORT 2 0 0 7 
Chairman s Statement 
GEELY AUTOMOBILE HOLDINGS LIMITED 
the Vision mid-end sedans, and the Geely Kingkong family sedans. Significant achievements by the operating associates in improving customer satisfactions, and product reliability and quality also contributed to the improved profitability during the later part of the year.

The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of HK1.3 cents (2006: HK1 cent plus HK0.2 cent special final dividend) per share for 2007.

The demand for sedans in China market continued to register strong growth in 2007 despite intensified price pressure. In particular, the economy car segment experienced amongst the most difficult period in recent years with a few major players adopting aggressive pricing strategy to cut product prices repeatedly, hoping to regain market shares in China, resulting in heavy price pressure on most economy car manufacturers in China. Moreover, demand for smaller sized economy sedans experienced a cyclical decline during the year with the sales volume of economy sedans with engine size of 1.3L or below falling almost 25% in 2007 from 
In response, the Group s operating associates reduced the retail prices for most of their models by 5-10% during 2007. Despite the severe challenges and difficulties, and thus a less than exciting sales and earnings performance in the first half of 2007, the Group still managed to achieve respectable results for 
the full year period in 2007, helped by the significant effort by the Group s operating associates to improve customer satisfactions, production quality and reliability and to enhance their brand images during 2007 and the tremendous success of two strategic new product launches in the second half of 2007, including the 2008 version of Free Cruiser and the operating associates first mid-end sedan model Vision . The significant improvement in product mix towards higher-priced models had more than offset the price cuts by existing models and rising costs due to higher raw material prices and increasingly stringent environmental and safety requirements in China. These three higher priced models including Free Cruiser , Geely Kingkong and Vision accounted for 63% of the operating associates total sales volume in 2007, a significant improvement from less than 40% in 2006, putting the operating associates in a much better position to cushion the pressure from rising costs.

During 2007, the Group s operating associates Zhejiang Geely, Shanghai Maple, Zhejiang Ruhoo, Hunan Geely and Zhejiang Kingkong sold 181,517 units of Geely and Maple sedans, up 10% over 2006, achieving combined market share of around 4% in China s passenger car market in 2007.

Performance at the Group s parts subsidiary Zhejiang Fulin Guorun Automobile Parts and Components Company Limited ( Zhejiang Fulin ) was satisfactory and was in line with the management expectations in 2007 with an 8% increase in revenues during the year. The dramatic fall in the sales volume of low-end models by the Company s 
ANNUAL REPORT 2 0 0 7 
Chairman s Statement 
GEELY AUTOMOBILE HOLDINGS LIMITED 
operating associates has resulted in slower demand for Zhejiang Fulin s products.
This, coupled with rising raw material costs and disruption to production due to the relocation of manufacturing facilities to new location in 2007, resulted in lower margin achieved by Zhejiang Fulin in 2007. Net profit at Zhejiang Fulin was therefore only flat at around HK$12 million in 2007. Despite continued pressure from higher raw material costs, I however believe Zhejiang Fulin s earnings growth could improve towards the later part of 2008, helped by the commencement of large scale production of new generation of EPS and braking system for the operating associates new higher end products like Free Cruiser , Geely Kingkong and Vision 
A key milestone for the Group in 2007 was the Group s investment in a 51% stake in Shanghai LTI Automobile Components Company Limited ( Shanghai LTI ), a newly created specialty manufacturer of taxies, limousine vehicles and luxury saloon cars in Shanghai, and a related investment in a 22.83% stake in UK-listed Manganese Bronze Holdings plc ( MBH ), the other major shareholder of Shanghai LTI and the manufacturer of the iconic London Taxi vehicles. The transaction marked an important step by the Group to further broaden its product line to higher value-added products and to expand internationally, utilizing existing expertise, products, technologies and brand and other resources, which are amply available in the global auto industry. The cooperation also represents an interesting and competitive combination of a 
long established and well-known English brand with the associates proven advantages in power-train technology and cost effective 
Shanghai LTI started operation in June 2007 and is on track to start trial production of TX4 model of London taxies in Shanghai in the second half of 2008. Shanghai LTI recorded a net loss of HK$5 million in 2007 due to start up costs of the joint-venture and exchange losses. As part of the deal related to the establishment of Shanghai LTI, the Group also invested in 22.83% stake in UK- listed Manganese Bronze Holdings plc in mid-2007.
MBH s performance during the final five months of 2007 was in line with expectations. MBH sold a total of 4,199 vehicles during the 17-month period to 31 December 2007, mainly in the UK market and recorded revenue of GBP144.5 million and pre- tax profit of GBP4.9 million during the 17-month period. With the scheduled commencement of the production of localized version of the TX4 models of London taxi at Shanghai LTI in the later part of 2008, I believe the performance of MBH should improve further in the near future.

2007 was a challenging, eventful and strategically important year in the Group s history. During the year, the Group embarked on a major strategic transformation, through expansion into higher- end vehicles and major investments to enhance the Group s technology competence and product branding, aiming at transforming Geely brand s 
ANNUAL REPORT 2 0 0 7 
Chairman s Statement 
GEELY AUTOMOBILE HOLDINGS LIMITED 
competitive advantages from price competitive to technology and performance competent. The strategic transformation has so far yielded very positive results, as evidenced by the tremendous success of the higher-end products launched in 2007 and the significant improvement in brand recognition and customer satisfaction for Geely s products as indicated by the recent results of major industry surveys in China s sedan market. We believe that the strategic transformation, if successful, could significantly enhance the Group s competitive advantages within a short period of time, thereby to enhance the returns to the Company s shareholders.

The Group and its operating associates will continue to focus on the operation and expansion of its automobile business, to actively seek for ways and opportunities to further broaden its product line to include higher value-added products, and to gradually expand its operations into the global market, with an aim to become a leading supplier for the safest, the most environmental friendly and the most energy efficient vehicles in the global market. To achieve this, the Group and its operating associates will continue to invest heavily in the research and development of new platforms, new technologies and new models in a bid to narrow the Group s technology gap compared with major international automobile companies. Major changes have also been implemented in the areas of quality control, technology development and innovation, parts and component procurement, marketing and distribution and management mentality to further strengthen the Group s overall competitiveness.

With the successful launches of Vision sedans at the end of 2007, the improvement in customer satisfaction achieved in most major customer surveys, and the significant efforts spent in the exploration of export markets over the past few years, we believe the Group is well positioned to expand its market shares in both China and oversea markets in 2008.
We are therefore forecasting a total sales volume of 230,000 units for the Group s operating associates in 2008, representing a YoY growth of 27%.

Li Shu Fu 
