A MESSAGE FROM PATRICK WANG Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP Chairman and Chief Executive TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, I am pleased to report that Johnson Electric achieved a second successive year of record profits in what continues to be an unpredictable and tough operating environment for global 
Since the onset of the Global Financial Crisis in 2008, management has been focused on streamlining and refocusing the Group s activities to achieve two primary objectives.
First, we are committed to maintaining healthy operating margins across our businesses through the combination of ongoing operational efficiency improvements and disciplined pricing. Second, we have reinvigorated our new product development and go-to-market processes with a stream of innovative new products targeted at motion applications that offer the greatest potential for sustained growth and value creation over the longer term.
For the financial year 201112, our positive results were partly affected by one-time items related to our strategy to strengthen our operating position in Europe as well as the divestment of a non-core business.
Highlights of 201112 Results % For the financial year ended 31st March 2012, total sales amounted to US$2,141 million an increase of 2% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the one- time effects of the disposal of a non-core business that occurred during the year and the in-sourcing of a distribution channel in Germany, underlying sales increased by 
% Operating profits before restructuring and asset impairment charges were US$234 million or 11% of sales % Free cash flow from operations amounted to US$166 million % Net profit attributable to shareholders increased to a record US$187 million, an increase of 2.7% % Earnings per share increased by 3.8% to 5.16 US cents % The Group s gearing level remained low with a debt to total capital ratio declining from 18% to 12%. At financial year end, the Group s cash reserves amounted to US$385 million with the majority held in Chinese RMB as a natural hedge to our operating costs in China Dividends and Share 
The Board has recommended increasing the final dividend to 7 HK cents (0.9 US cents) per share, which together with the interim dividend of 3 HK cents (0.38 US cents) per share, represents a total dividend of 10 HK cents (1.28 US cents) per share an 11% increase in total dividends for the year.
We have reinvigorated our new product development and go-to-market processes with a stream of innovative 
In addition to dividend payments, during the course of the financial year the Company repurchased and cancelled 60.8 million of its ordinary shares at an average price of HK$4.06 per share. We consider such repurchases to be a constructive element in the prudent management of the overall capital structure and in enhancing returns to shareholders over 
The 2% increase in total sales to US$2.1 billion reflected the combination of strong demand from automotive customers offset by lower sales to industrial customers in some market segments and the one-time effects of the divestment of a non-core business and changes to our distribution channels in 
The Automotive Products Group ( APG ), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$1,273 million an increase of 11% compared to a year earlier. Each of APG s three major geographic markets reported healthy growth, with the strongest performance being in the Americas. The US auto market is presently experiencing its highest level of new vehicle sales in over four years driven by demand for more fuel-efficient vehicles and pent-up demand for replacements in an overall fleet where the average age of passenger cars has increased to 11 years (compared to an average age of 9 years a decade earlier). Sales to European-based automotive customers also grew despite the severe economic downturn in the region that has resulted in sharply reduced new vehicles sales in many countries. This reflected an excellent sales performance from several APG business units that offer innovative products that improve fuel economy, reduce emissions, or provide distinctive safety and comfort features. Many of our European customers also continued to experience increased exports sales, especially to China and other emerging markets. In Asia, APG delivered another year of positive growth as a result of its strong market positions in China and South Korea. Although the auto market in China has experienced a slowdown in recent months, the demand for foreign joint-venture brands and I am satisfied with the overall performance of JE over the past year and am encouraged by the steps we have taken to adapt and strengthen our business model.
or luxury vehicles which comprise the main segments which Johnson Electric serves has remained comparatively buoyant.
It was a different picture in our Industry Products Group ( IPG ) which saw sales decline by 5% to US$754 million. On the one hand, the industrial components business units (comprising motor actuators, solenoids, and switches) achieved a positive sales performance due to their ability to deliver unique technology solutions for specific industrial product applications such as remote disconnect metering and valves for boilers and HVAC systems. On the other hand, business units targeted at more traditional motor applications such as domestic appliances, printers and power tools experienced weaker sales. Depressed housing markets and poor consumer confidence has undoubtedly adversely affected end-customer demand in these market segments, but it is also a reality that these areas have experienced the highest price competition in recent years. Accordingly, management has taken the strategic decision to focus on specific product and customer situations where our technology and solution capabilities are sufficiently differentiated to command reasonable prices. In the short term, this means we are prepared to exit from business that cannot meet our profitability criteria. In the longer term, the IPG business and product portfolio is being redirected towards solving more complex motor and motion-related problems as a basis for more attractive and sustainable financial returns.

Profitability in the Face of Severe Cost Inflation A key feature of the past year for industrial manufacturing businesses has been persistently high raw material prices and further steep rises in direct labour rates in China where the largest portion of the Group s manufacturing capacity is located. Adding to these significant challenges was the sharp appreciation of the Swiss Franc which inflated the cost base of another important centre of production for Johnson Electric in Switzerland.
Management has responded to these severe inflationary pressures in a very creditable manner through a combination of initiatives that included operating efficiency gains, redesigned products, selective price increases, and an ongoing effort to reshape and rebalance our global manufacturing footprint to provide a more natural hedge against foreign currency volatility. As a result, overall gross profit margins were 27.3% of sales (compared to 27.6% in FY201011).
The Group also announced plans to close a production facility and in-source a distribution channel in Germany, with the aim of improving the overall effectiveness of our operations in Europe. Complementing these changes, we opened a new application testing and validation centre in Stuttgart to provide a broader and deeper level of technical support and service to our customers in the region.
Restructuring and asset impairment charges primarily related to rationalising manufacturing facilities, plus the effect of changes to our distribution arrangements in Germany together constituted US$16 million in pre-tax items that reduced reported operating profit and net profit for the year. Excluding these significant nonrecurring items affecting the comparability of our year-on-year results, operating margins were 11.1% of sales (compared to 11.2% in 
Aligning New Product Development with Growing 
We are operating in a world where a number of structural mega trends are changing the way people live and this is requiring businesses to adapt their product offerings and capabilities in order to continue to prosper. Among these trends are the critical imperatives to: % Conserve energy and reduce emissions 
% Provide greater functionality, mobility and ease of use to 
% Support ageing populations 
% Ensure higher levels of security and safety ( Security ) A considerable part of Johnson Electric s research and new product development effort is focused specifically on designing motors and motion sub-systems that address these fundamental issues and which in turn will underpin long term 
Examples of our market leading technology and product innovations in these areas include: a unique range of motor systems that manage the flow of fuel, air and gas in automotive engines; electric relays that can remotely disconnect smart electricity meters; insulin delivery devices that integrate a miniature pump and motor; and a high precision shutter system that operates silently inside military- grade infrared cameras. Over the past two years, Johnson Electric has designed and brought to market more than 30 new motion products and we anticipate these types of innovations will increasingly become a key driver of our sales growth and the basis for sustaining our competitive advantage.
Johnson Electric is actively pursuing a strategy that we believe will deliver and sustain healthy results over the medium and longer term.

I am satisfied with the overall performance of Johnson Electric over the past year and am encouraged by the steps we have taken to adapt and strengthen our business model.
Nonetheless, the near-term prospects for demand are difficult to predict given the significant macro-economic and political uncertainties that exist in most of the key geographies where we operate. With unemployment levels in the Eurozone now at record highs and government-imposed austerity programs causing many businesses and consumers to reduce expenditures, a rapid turnaround in the region s economy seems improbable. On the other hand, the recent sign of a pick-up in US economic activity is clearly a positive development although it remains to be seen how sustainable this will be through the course of 2012. And in China, the world s largest market for automobiles and for many other industrial and consumer goods, the economy is entering a period of slower growth though still at levels that most other countries 
As noted earlier in this statement, while our business cannot be immune to the state of global economy, Johnson Electric is actively pursuing a strategy that we believe will deliver and sustain healthy results over the medium and longer term. Our new product pipeline is strong. Our global manufacturing platform is unrivalled in our industry with the further addition of a new plant in Mexico to come in late 2012. And our people remain committed to driving for improved efficiency, quality and reliability in every area of our operations.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to sincerely thank all of our customers, employees, suppliers, and shareholders for their continued 
