Growth in China s sedan market slowed down considerably in 2011 after two exceptionally strong years in 2009 and 2010, principally driven by the Chinese Government s short-term stimulation programme to promote economy sedans in a bid to sustain economic growth in China. The expiration of the automobile stimulation programme at the end of 2010 and tighter monetary policy in China combined to suppress demand for economy sedans in China.
Despite these, the Group successfully overcame these challenges and continued to achieve solid growth in 2011.
With a new focus on quality and sustainable growth, the Group continued to implement major structural changes during the year, changing management structure from product line management to product brand management, thus further optimizing operating efficiency, enhancing brand and product image, and improving customers services. While the growth of the Chinese sedan market slowed down significantly in 2011, recovery in our major export markets continued throughout the year, resulting in an encouraging 93% growth in our export volume to 39,600 units in 2011.
The Group sold a total of 421,611 units of sedans in 2011, up 1% from 2010, of which 9% or 39,600 units were sold abroad, up 93% from last year. In the Chinese market, the Group s sales volume was down 3% from 2010 to 382,011 units in 2011, mainly due to slower sales of older, smaller sized and cheaper models. As a result, sales volume at both GLEagle division and Englon division decreased 11% and 5% respectively from 2010. Sales volume at Emgrand division, which featured the Group s newer and higher-priced models, however, grew 47% to 106,676 units, accounting for 25% of the Group s total sales volume.

Overall, the Group s performance in 2011 remained satisfactory with total revenue increased by 4% to RMB21.0 billion for the year ended 31 December 2011. Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company grew faster by 13% to RMB1.54 billion. The 2011 results were despite the start-up costs of the new automatic transmissions plants in Xiangtan, the still small scale production at two new manufacturing plants in Jinan and Chengdu, and the additional expenses related to the development of three new product brands and their associated distribution networks during the year. The Group s product mix continued to improve in 2011. Our flagship mid-size sedan model EC7 , which is retailing at RMB75,800 to RMB109,800, has become the Group s most popular model in terms of sales volume. Total net profit of the Group was up 11% 
The profit attributable to equity holders for 2011 was RMB1.54 billion, representing an increase of 13% over 2010, mainly helped by improved product mix, lower 
to employees and faster growth in subsidy incomes.
Excluding non-cash expenses related to share-based payments to employees, underlying profit attributable to shareholders increased by 2% to RMB1.68 billion.

Li Shu Fu 
Annual Report 2011 Geely Automobile Holdings Limited 
Li Shu Fu 
from RMB1.55 billion in 2010 to RMB1.72 billion in 2011.
After non-controlling interests, net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up 13% from RMB1.37 billion in 2010 to RMB1.54 billion in 2011. Despite heavy investments in new and upgraded capacity, new models and technologies, and new brand and distribution channel development, the Group s financial position stayed at healthy level with net debt to equity ratio at a comfortable 16% at the end of 2011.

The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK2.8 cents per share for 2011 (2010: HK2.6 cents).

There has been sign of recovery in China s sedan market since the end of 2011. With the positive results of its Strategic Transformation in the areas of brand image, product quality, technology and innovation, the Group s competitive advantages have improved significantly, putting the Group in a strong position to meet new market challenges in the future and to benefit substantially from new opportunities in the global automobile industry, thereby enabling the management to further enhance returns to the Company s shareholders. Assuming the recovery continued in the remainder of the year, combined with more new product launches and addition of more upgraded production facilities, the Group is well positioned to achieve faster growth in 2012. Against a background of continuing growth in China s automobile market and an obvious surge in demand for affordable vehicles in our major export markets, I believe 2012 would be a fruitful year for the Group.
Key challenges to the Group in 2012 include increased competitive pressure from other indigenous brands in China, which has grown rapidly over the past few years. The emergence of increasing number of joint- venture indigenous brands in China is also expected to create additional competition in China s sedan market by offering more affordable vehicles with good design and quality to the China market. Some disruption to operations could happen as the Group started to implement a new management system and structure in 2011, shifting management of the Group through individual brand companies rather than product lines, aiming to speed up the Group s response to changes in market conditions and significantly enhance the Group s operating efficiency, and thus its competitiveness. Motor vehicles sales in most parts of the World market remains fragile given the high level of uncertainties in most of 
the major economies. As a result, our exports business could continue to face major challenges given the fierce competition and our relatively short history of operation in our major export markets.
On the positive front, general consumer perception over the Group s product brands and vehicles has continued to improve over the past few years, after major investment and effort by the Group in enhancing product quality and after sales services. The commencement of production of automatic transmissions at our plant in Xiangtan at the end of 2011 has enabled the Group to offer more sedan models equipped with automatic transmissions in the near future. Our other focus in 2012 is to further expand our export sales, which remain at small scales at the moment, but offer huge growth potential for the Group s products over longer-term.
To facilitate the cooperation between the Group and Volvo Car Corporation ( Volvo Car ), which is majority owned by the Group s parent, the Volvo-Geely Dialogue and Cooperation Committee was set up in November 2010.
After several rounds of discussion, I am pleased to inform you that both companies had fixed the general direction and framework of the cooperation and had identified the projects and areas that both companies could work together. I am confident that the cooperation between Volvo Car and the Group could further strengthen the Group s competitiveness in the future.
With the successful completion of the initial phase of our Strategic Transformation and the substantial investment in new products and technologies over the past few years, I firmly believe that the Group is well positioned to achieve its long-term target of becoming a leading international automobile group with reputation and integrity, winning respects from its customers. Finally, I would like to pay tribute to all our staff for their hard work and achievements during 2011 and to our shareholders for their continued support.

Li Shu Fu 
