LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP Chairman and Chief Executive Johnson Electric achieved satisfactory results in the financial year 201213. Overall sales and profit levels were broadly flat compared to the prior year reflecting the combination of mixed economic conditions in the markets where the Group operates, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and the divestiture of a non-core 
Beneath the stable headline results, Johnson Electric continued to make sustained progress in reshaping its business model to compete successfully in an unpredictable and currently difficult world economy. Our business strategy is focused on ensuring that we invest our sales and engineering resources in motion product applications with favourable long term growth prospects. Our pipeline of innovative and differentiated new products is stronger than ever.
Our manufacturing footprint continues to evolve into the most global and flexible in our industry.
And our on-going initiatives to eliminate waste, improve quality and enhance the effectiveness of our operations remain critical foundations upon which Johnson Electric seeks to create value over time.
Highlights of 201213 Results % For the financial year ended 31 March 2013, total sales amounted to US$2,060 million a decrease of 4% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the effects of divestitures of non-core businesses and foreign currency changes, underlying sales increased by 1% % Gross profit margins increased to 28.0% from 27.3% in the prior 
% EBITDA totalled US$304 million 
% Operating profits including the gain associated with the divestiture of a non- core business and other non-recurring items were US$213 million, a decrease of 4% compared to the prior year % Operating profits excluding divestitures and non-recurring items were US$188 million or 9.1% of sales % Net profit attributable to shareholders increased to a record US$191 million, an increase of 2.5% % Earnings per share increased by 3.9% to 5.36 US cents % The Group s gearing level remained low with a debt to total capital ratio declining from 12% to 7%. At financial year end, the Group had total borrowings of US$125 million and total cash reserves of US$481 million Our pipeline of innovative and differentiated new products is stronger 
Dividends and Share Repurchases The Board has recommended increasing the final dividend to 8 HK cents (1.03 US cents) per share, which together with the interim dividend of 3 HK cents (0.38 US cents) per share, represents a total dividend of 11 HK cents (1.41 US cents) per share a 10% increase in total dividends for the year.
The Company repurchased and cancelled 31.2 million of its ordinary shares during the course of the year at a total cost of US$19.9 million.

The 4% decrease in total sales to US$2,060 million reflected the combination of higher sales to automotive customers, weaker demand from industrial customers and the effects of foreign exchange rate movements and divestitures of non-core businesses.
Assuming constant exchange rates and excluding the one-time effects of divestitures, Johnson Electric s underlying sales increased 
The Automotive Products Group ( APG ), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$1,304 million an increase of 2% compared to a year earlier. In constant currency terms, APG s sales increased by 6% with all major geographic regions delivering 
APG s sales increased by 6% with all major 
In the US, the automotive market has continued on its path to recovery with consumers feeling more confident about replacing ageing vehicles in a gradually improving economy and manufacturers providing a range of sales incentives to stimulate demand. This contrasts with the situation in Europe where several depressed economies and record levels of unemployment is resulting in new car sales collapsing to levels last seen twenty years ago. Against this very difficult backdrop, Johnson Electric sales to European customers actually increased by 5% in constant currency terms as we continue to win business by providing innovative technology solutions to the functional requirements most critical to automotive OEMs today: better fuel economy, reduced emissions, greater comfort, and higher safety. APG also performed well in Asia, where we benefited from our strong market position in China and from increasing sales in South Korea and India.
The Industry Products Group ( IPG ) had a more difficult year with sales down 9% (8% in constant currency terms) to US$686 million. Each of the three main geographic regions experienced a decrease in sales.
In part this reflected generally subdued economic conditions and poor consumer sentiment in many end markets in Europe and North America. In addition, we have sought to maintain pricing discipline and have been prepared to exit from selected lower margin product applications that do not meet our profitability criteria.
As we have noted in previous reports, IPG is undergoing a significant evolution in its product application and go-to-market strategies.
Fundamentally, we are shifting the focus of IPG towards serving distinct market applications which demand the type of precision motor and motion subsystem solutions that Johnson Electric is uniquely placed to deliver.
Underpinning this strategy is a robust pipeline of new products that variously address market needs for energy efficiency, precision and improved functionality. One example of this approach is a recently launched platform of disconnect relays designed for residential electricity meters. This patent-protected technology delivers a safe and highly durable disconnect function to smart meters that enables utility operators to manage customer connections remotely and more 
Improved Gross Margins The main factors affecting the cost base of the business were lower raw material expenditure over the course of the year, further increases in wage rates in China (exacerbated by the strengthening of the RMB against the US Dollar), and on-going initiatives to both improve operational efficiency and invest in people and processes to support the long-term development of the Group.
Rising labour rates in China have been a particularly strong headwind for the Group to cope with over the past several years. In response, considerable effort has been made to redesign assembly processes and increase the levels of automation in our operations. This has resulted in significant productivity gains that helped to underpin an improvement in gross profit margins to 28.0% of sales (compared to 27.3% in FY201112).
IPG is undergoing a significant evolution in its product application and 
During the year, Johnson Electric completed the divestiture of a non-core business unit manufacturing programmable logic controllers for a gross cash consideration of Euro 100 million and recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of nearly US$25 million. The effect of this disposal, combined with other income, charges and non-recurring items that varied on a year-on-year basis, as well as increased selling and administrative expenses, was that operating profits decreased to US$213 million (compared to US$221 million in FY201112).
Excluding divestitures and other non-recurring items, operating profits were US$188 million or 9.1% of sales.
Investments to Strengthen Operating Footprint and 
The key goals of Johnson Electric s manufacturing strategy are to be global, flexible and cost competitive. In doing so, we aim to support our customers by being close to where they are operating and being able to ensure fast, reliable supplies and highly responsive levels of service.
The key goals of Johnson Electric s manufacturing strategy are to be global, flexible and 
To execute this strategy, the Group is progressively building out its operating footprint in the three main geographic regions of Asia, the Americas and Europe. In Asia, we have expanded production in our plant in Beihai, Guangxi Province and anticipate further growth for our operations in India. In the Americas, we recently opened a new plant in Mexico that will become a key production hub for Johnson Electric in the region. And in Europe, we are actively exploring the feasibility of building additional production capacity in Eastern Europe to support new business growth.
Parallel to capital investments to strengthen our business model, we are also evaluating potential acquisitions that can complement our strategy, broaden our technology offering and accelerate growth. During the course of the financial year, the Group acquired intellectual property and other assets of a leading player in the field of disconnect relays to extend and strengthen Johnson Electric s own capabilities in this growing market segment. Given the Group s low gearing and strong cash position, we are well placed to make further such investments and acquisitions should suitable opportunities arise.

