A MESSAGE FROM PATRICK WANG Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP Chairman and Chief Executive TO OUR SHAREHOLDERS, I am pleased to report that Johnson Electric achieved strong performance in the FY201011 as it benefited from a broad-based recovery across all of its major end markets.
The past two years have been marked by a quite extraordinary sense of uncertainty and instability in the macro-economic environment which continues to prevail. First, the speed and strength of the recovery from the depths of the Global Financial Crisis was as unexpected as it was welcome. Second, predictions that the rebound in customer demand would be short-lived as government incentives and restocking programs came to an end also proved largely inaccurate with sales demand continuing to remain generally buoyant. However, economic recovery has brought with it significant inflationary pressures on Johnson Electric s cost base with labour rates in China rising steeply and global commodity prices resurging to levels seen before the financial crisis.
In the context of these fast-changing and unpredictable operating conditions, the Company has been undergoing a profound evolution. Our businesses are now more streamlined and, despite higher input costs, are succeeding in executing a more focused product development and marketing strategy that has helped underpin our positive financial results in the past year.
HIGHLIGHTS OF FY201011 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2011, total sales amounted to US$2,104 million an increase of 21% compared to the prior 
" EBITDA increased 63% to US$323 million " Operating profits were US$236 million up 
" Profit attributable to shareholders increased by 136% to a record US$182 million (4.97 US Cents per share) " The Group s gearing level remains modest with the debt to total capital ratio declining from 26% to 18%. At year end, the Group s cash reserves amounted to US$355 million 
The Board has recommended a final dividend of 0.77 US Cents per share (compared to 0.64 US Cents per share for prior financial year), which together with the interim dividend of 0.39 US Cents per share, represents a total dividend of 1.16 US Cents per share.

The 21% increase in total sales to US$2.1 billion reflected a sustained recovery in demand from European and North American customers and continued growth in emerging markets, particularly China. All of the Group s core business units achieved positive sales 
The Automotive Products Group ( APG ), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$1,150 million an increase of 23% compared to a year earlier. The major growth driver was China s continued emergence as the world s largest automotive market where Johnson Electric has established a leading position in several motion subsystem and component categories. Sales to European customers benefited from the recovery in global demand for luxury vehicles, which typically utilise above average numbers of our Company s products, and this more than offset the effects of the ending of government-led stimulus programs.
The North American automotive industry also enjoyed a positive rebound in demand though the rate of growth slowed somewhat in the second half of the year as overall sales volumes stabilised and to some extent began to be affected by rising gasoline prices.
The Industry Products Group ( IPG ) recorded sales of US$727 million an increase of 26% compared to the prior year. The division s sales benefited from successful new product launches and market share gains in domestic appliances, power equipment, and entertainment and gaming applications. In addition, the motor actuators, solenoids and switches business units all made significant advances as a result of the efforts to streamline and re-focus these businesses over the past two years. Overall, IPG s performance was especially encouraging in light of the fact that weak housing markets and high unemployment levels in several markets continue to dampen consumer confidence.
Other manufacturing businesses within the Group contributed a combined US$227 million to total sales an increase of 9% over the prior year.
Tonglin Precision Parts benefited from a full year of sales as an integrated castings and machining business though also experienced a softening in demand in the last quarter as China ended a number of government-led incentive programs for the domestic automotive sector. Saia-Burgess Controls made steady progress in developing its position as a successful niche player in Europe s infrastructure and building automation sector.
And Parlex Corporation achieved a small sales increase as it continued to make advances in profitability and operational effectiveness.
A RETURN TO DOUBLE DIGIT OPERATING PROFIT MARGINS The significant improvement in the Group s profit levels reflected a mix of business-specific factors and an external operating environment that changed rapidly over the course of the past 
Gross profit increased by 20% to US$580 million compared to the prior year due to the combination of higher sales volumes, better capacity utilisation, and product mix changes, which was offset in part by a steep rise in direct labour rates in China and increased raw materials expenses. Management is actively working to implement appropriate price increases targeted to address these inflationary cost pressures. Since there is typically a lag effect to amending the terms of sale in many sectors where Johnson Electric operates, these higher input costs (combined with a strengthening of the Chinese Renminbi and Swiss Franc relative to the US Dollar) caused gross margins to decline in the second half of the financial year.
At the operating profit level, the Group was no longer heavily burdened with the restructuring charges that had reduced profitability in the prior year. Continued tight control of Sales and Administrative expenses combined with generally positive year-on-year changes to a number of non-recurring or non-operational items, resulted in operating profit margins increasing from 6.4% 
INVESTING IN TECHNOLOGY, QUALITY AND ASSURANCE OF SUPPLY Johnson Electric is engaged in a multi-year effort to adapt its business model to compete successfully in a global economy that itself has undergone a fundamental shift over the past 
From a product development and marketing perspective, we are committed to working intimately with our customers to understand their customers needs and to design unique high- quality motion system solutions for their flagship products. The result is the emergence of an exciting pipeline of new products that offer a range of important customer benefits including lower energy consumption, lower weight, lower noise, and longer product life. We firmly believe that these types of product attributes based on innovative technology and designed-in quality will form the basis for sustaining advantage in our industry in the years ahead.
From a manufacturing and supply chain perspective, we also see a world requiring a more flexible global footprint that can provide assurance of supply in the face of sharp foreign exchange rate fluctuations or even unanticipated disruptions caused by natural disasters. Johnson Electric already produces in more than a dozen countries on four continents and we are continuing to explore new options to improve responsiveness, reduce cost, and diversify our operating risk profile. In this regard, we are expanding a new manufacturing operation in Beihai, Guangxi Province and are set to invest further to serve the increasingly important domestic markets of Brazil and India.

