LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Patrick Shui-Chung Wang JP Chairman and Chief Executive Johnson Electric delivered record profits for the financial year 201415 against a backdrop of uneven global economic conditions and dramatic foreign exchange rate movements.
Notwithstanding this unpredictable operating environment, Johnson Electric continued to make very satisfactory progress in all of the key elements of its strategy. The on-going expansion of our global operating footprint has been welcomed by customers seeking increased in-region responsiveness and shorter delivery times. And our focus on bringing innovative technology solutions to the most difficult electro-mechanical problems is resulting in a series of new business wins that are set to underpin healthy long-term growth.
HIGHLIGHTS OF 201415 RESULTS " For the financial year ended 31st March 2015, total sales amounted to US$2,136 million an increase of 2% compared to the prior financial year. Excluding the effects of foreign currency changes, underlying sales increased by 4% " Gross profit margins slightly increased to 29.6% from 29.5% in the prior year " EBITDA totalled US$336 million up 4% " Operating profit increased by 4% to US$243 million or 11.4% of sales " Net profit attributable to shareholders increased 1% to a record US$211 million " Basic earnings per share increased by 3% to 24.11 US Cents " The Group s gearing level remained low with a total debt to capital ratio of 13% 
The Board has previously stated its intention to increase gradually the ratio of interim dividends such that it represents approximately one-third of the prior financial year s total dividends paid. The interim dividend paid in January 2015 was consequently increased by 17% to 14 HK Cents per share. For the final dividend, the Board is recommending 34 HK Cents per share (FY201314: 34 HK Cents per share). Subject to the performance of the Group in the first half of the 201516 financial year and taking into account its overall financial condition and prospects at the time, the Board intends to give consideration to a further increase in the 201516 interim dividend.

A generally solid overall sales performance was partially offset by the significant movements in foreign exchange rates during the year. Before the effects of currency changes, underlying sales grew by 4% compared to the prior year. After currency changes, particularly the lower average exchange rate for the Euro against the US Dollar, Group sales increased by 2% to 
The Automotive Products Group ( APG ), the largest operating division, achieved sales of US$1,458 million. Excluding currency effects, which reduced sales by US$44 million, APG s sales increased by 4%.
Strong performance by the Engine & Transmission and Powertrain Cooling business units reflected Johnson Electric s industry leading technologies in these segments where the focus of customers is on solutions that improve fuel economy and reduce emissions. On a geographic basis, European sales benefited from the first overall increase in car registrations in the region in seven years, but Euro denominated sales were negatively affected upon translation into US Dollars. In Asia, APG performed strongly despite the slowdown in China vehicle sales growth from the exceptional levels seen in recent years. The only area of disappointment for APG has been in the Americas region, which is the division s smallest major regional market in terms of direct sales. Partly as a result of certain programmes ending over the past two years, we have yet to benefit from the strong recovery of the US auto industry. However, with the establishment of our Mexico manufacturing facilities, we see a major opportunity for the Group to grow its presence and market share in the region.
The Industry Products Group ( IPG ) reported a 3% increase in sales (up 4% in constant currency terms) to US$679 million. This compares to a 4% decline in the prior year and marks an important shift in the trajectory and competitive position of the division. Solenoid Actuators, Parlex and JE MedTech were the standout performers for IPG during the year.
These business units exemplify our strategy of investing in differentiated technology and serving customers whose flagship products require customised motion solutions.
SUSTAINING HEALTHY PROFITABILITY AND BALANCE SHEET STRENGTH Gross profit margins slightly increased to 29.6% (FY201314: 29.5%) due primarily to subdued raw material prices and ongoing cost reduction initiatives which were offset by rising labour costs particularly in China, but also as a result of the opening of new manufacturing facilities in Mexico and Serbia.
Although total sales in the period under review were depressed by foreign currency movements, the Group s use of forward contracts in the normal course of business helped to mitigate the impact on operating profit which totalled US$243 million or 11.4% of sales.
Free cash flow from operations amounted to US$156 million, down US$75 million from the prior year. This decline was largely the result of higher working capital required to support increased business levels and higher capital expenditures associated with the expansion of the Group s operating footprint and increased investment in automation.
Johnson Electric s overall financial condition remains robust. As of 31st March 2015, cash reserves amounted to US$773 million and the total debt to capital ratio was 13%.
NEW MILESTONES IN INTERNATIONAL EXPANSION During the year, the Group made significant progress in the development of its global manufacturing footprint which is a critical element in our long-term competitive strategy.
In September 2014, a new plant was opened in Nia, Serbia which adds to our existing capacity in Eastern Europe and is well placed to provide our customers in the region with a highly compelling fulfillment proposition. Similarly, a second plant has been opened in Mexico to meet growing demand from customers in the Americas. And in Asia, we have recently relocated our manufacturing facility in Chennai, India to larger premises designed to meet the needs of the domestic automotive sector.
In addition to these organic growth initiatives, we are continuing to evaluate potential acquisitions that can bring complementary technologies to Johnson Electric and strengthen our position in key markets. Management intends to remain prudent in its assessment of acquisition opportunities and will only pursue situations where the prospects for long-term value-add are clear and the valuation of the business is not excessive.

