Chairman & CEO s Statement Despite the more challenging market conditions during the past year, Melco has maintained steady growth with its distinctive and exciting expansion not only in Macau but also in other parts of Asia.
With projects developed in Macau and overseas, Melco has further strengthened its industry presence and become an international market-leading operator in the gaming, leisure and entertainment 
The Group s member companies have driven the satisfactory results achieved over the year, gaining market shares in both mass market and VIP segments.
The vital market-leading premium mass market table games business at our flagship integrated entertainment resort City of Dreams pioneered by our core associate, Melco Crown Entertainment Limited ( Melco Crown Entertainment or MCE ), continues to deliver profitability and world-class leisure and entertainment offerings. The unique entertainment diversity City of Dreams offers, highlighted by the award-winning water-based extravaganza, The House of Dancing Water, and Asia s first cabaret experience, TABOO, was further broadened with the launch of SOHO, a contemporary and exclusive street cultural dining experience, and the revamped Kids City. It is to be further enhanced with the addition of the expanded retail area currently under development and set to open in the first half of 2016.
Expansion of our presence in Macau remains on schedule. Our Hollywood- inspired gaming and entertainment complex, Studio City, is due to open in the third quarter of 2015. This new integrated resort is positioned at the forefront of Asia s next generation of immersive, world-leading, entertainment-driven gaming and leisure destination experiences. Its grand opening will be accompanied by the global premiere of the special short movie The Audition set around a Studio City story, the first-ever Hollywood production of Macau and a product of our ambition to embrace and bring some of the biggest Hollywood icons, including Academy Award-winning director Martin Scorsese, Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro and Brad Pitt, to Macau. We also proudly announced our partnership with the award-winning and internationally renowned Queen of the Curve in architecture, Dame Zaha Hadid for the design of the fifth hotel tower at City of Dreams. We are confident that the anticipated additions to our portfolio in Macau will prove popular with our existing and new patrons and add a new dimension to the local leisure and entertainment scene, ultimately maintaining our competitiveness under the challenging market environment.
Apart from Macau, the successful opening of City of Dreams Manila in the Philippines marks as a milestone in our expansion in Asia. By leveraging our successful business approach, we have extended our flagship brand City of Dreams outside of Macau for the first time and introduced it into the Philippines. This new integrated resort houses internationally renowned hotel brands the luxurious Crown Towers hotel, celebrity-inspired Nobu Hotel, and the acclaimed Hyatt City of Dreams Manila and also the world s first DreamWorks-inspired education-based interactive playspace, DreamPlay by DreamWorks , along with two premium nightclubs, Pangaea and Chaos. Within the short period since its opening in late 2014, City of Dreams Manila has already won the esteemed Integrated Resort of the Year award at the annual International Gaming Awards which recognizes the very best integrated resorts around the world. The new property is set to boost the appeal of the local tourism landscape and introduce the MCE and City of Dreams brand to tourists from neighboring Southeast Asian countries, ultimately contributing to the strengthening of our presence in the region.
Elsewhere in Asia, Melco continues to seek potential opportunities to diversify our business with other industry players. Our subsidiary Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. continues to work on establishing new gaming projects in Asia, whilst MelcoLot Limited is focusing on new media technologies and sales platforms in order to capture new market opportunities, and at the same time, pursuing gaming projects in Barcelona, Spain, and in the Republic of Georgia. Furthermore, the gaming and resort development project in Russia s Primorye Region in which Melco has an interest is expected to open in 2015. These initiatives have demonstrated our intention to maintain a leading position on the global stage in the gaming and 
Looking ahead, despite a new policy direction to move towards a more diversified economy in Macau and concerns of stricter gaming table allocation, enforcement of the smoking ban and possible tightening of visa restrictions on tourist visitations which may have an impact on the gaming market in Macau, the city, as the world s biggest gaming hub, remains as the most exciting market and a key enabler for sustainable growth and we remain positive about its development prospects in the long term. We are one of the few gaming operators who have heavily invested in non-gaming entertainment attractions over the years, and our diversified and growing portfolio of entertainment offerings will enable us to expand in line with the Central Government s national development pipeline to further enhance a sustainable business environment in Macau. Melco is well positioned to maintain its competitive edge as it leads the way to attract more visitations to Macau through providing premium quality entertainment and hospitality.
On a global stage, we remain confident that Asia, supported by a rapidly expanding middle class and strong economic growth, continues to be the most important and exciting leisure and tourism market in the world. Through our subsidiaries, Melco will continue to expand its presence and identify opportunities in Macau, mainland China, Manila, Cambodia and beyond in countries including Russia, Spain and the Republic of Georgia. At the same time, the Group will continue to seek potential new gaming markets across the world, such as Japan, for future development that would further advance our position as an international market-leading gaming, leisure and entertainment operator, further diversifying our portfolio and expertise on a global scale.
Whilst expanding our business footprint, Melco is constantly committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and corporate social responsibility. Over the years, we have strived to deliver greater sustainability in business operations as well as to the community. Efforts made in corporate governance have been recognized through numerous awards achieved over the year and selection as a constituent of Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index since 2013 significantly demonstrated our contributions as a responsible corporate citizen. We are constantly delivering additional programs to the community as we advance our engagement in corporate social responsibility.
Lastly, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our Board of Directors, shareholders, employees and business partners for their important contributions and unwavering support which has enabled us to achieve significant breakthroughs during the year. We look forward to realizing further growth in both Asia and overseas markets as projects in our development pipeline are completed in order to continuously deliver long-term value for our shareholders.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 