CHAIRMAN & CEO S 
2009 was an exceptional, yet important year for Melco Group.
The global economy, especially in the first half of the year, struggled in the aftermath of the financial crisis. Adding to that, the spread of the human swine flu dampened tourism significantly for a few months. Despite the continued challenges in the operating environment and still having to brave the global macroeconomic headwinds, I am pleased to report that the Group has made significant progress during the year.
We devoted the year to strengthening our business focus on leisure, gaming and entertainment in Macau. While we divested our non-core businesses, we have also achieved the most important milestone in the Group s development. Our flagship project, City of Dreams, opened on time and on budget in June 2009, signifying the beginning of a new era for the entertainment industry in Asia. It has brought a significant boost to our market share, mass market in particular, in Macau.
However, as City of Dreams only opened in June 2009 and its mass market offerings were not yet in full operation during the review year, its contribution to the Group s results was restricted. In addition, Altira Macau underwent strategic changes in the last quarter of 2009 although its rolling chip performance was temporarily disrupted, it has already shown improvement in 2010.
To cope with the unfavorable market environment in 2009, the Group implemented several cost rationalization initiatives which have effectively improved the operational efficiency of its businesses.
Our balance sheet remains strong, and our commitment in delivering outstanding quality and services bore fruits with our properties snatching international hospitality awards. Group-wise, we received multiple accolades from the investment community for our efforts and commitment in up- keeping the highest standards of corporate governance and contributing to the social sustainability and stability in both Hong Kong and Macau.
Going forward into 2010, I believe our business is in its best shape yet. With City of Dreams performance in mass market improving significantly and Altira Macau showing strong return of rolling chip levels under a more profitable commission environment, our key businesses are on a positive trajectory. We will continue to enhance our entertainment offerings at City of Dreams, including the debut of the world s largest water-based show The House of Dancing Water at the purpose-built Theater of Dreams in mid- 2010. We anticipate the number of visitors to Macau and City of Dreams to surge in the coming year. We also expect to see notable improvement in our core leisure and entertainment units performance, with full operating results and increased market share from our comprehensive portfolio comprising City of Dreams, Altira Macau and Mocha Clubs.
This will be a memorable year for the Group as it is the 100th anniversary of Melco Group. Since the Company s establishment in 1910, Melco has witnessed dramatic evolution of the Greater China Region, especially in Macau. Given the positive economic outlook in China, the strong support from both Central and Macau SAR Government plus Macau s geographic advantage, we are optimistic about what we will achieve in 2010.
Deep-rooted in Macau for a century, Melco Group will remain committed to achieving the highest possible returns for shareholders; following the best corporate governance practices and honoring its corporate social responsibilities as always.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all employees for their continuous support, effort and loyalty over the past years. I would also like to thank all shareholders for their trust in the Group. We continue to count on your commitment and dedication to help ensure the success of Melco Group in the future.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 