We believe the market will bottom out in the end and improvement will follow. We remain confident of the prospects of Macau and mainland China, and that mainland China will be among the forces leading the recovery of the global economy.
chairman & ceo s 
The year 2008 was tough for all businesses. Economies slipped into recession and the credit crunch put many businesses on the verge of bankruptcy. The extremely testing market environment has affected the leisure and entertainment sector in the region and inevitably Melco, a major player in Macau. However, we believe the market will bottom out in the end and improvement will follow. We remain confident of the prospects of Macau and mainland China, and that mainland China will be among the forces leading the recovery of the global economy.
Among all business units, our core leisure and entertainment business attained the most achievements over the past year. Development of City of Dreams, our flagship property in Macau, reached the final stage and the opening is scheduled for early June 2009. The opening of City of Dreams will expand our reach to the emerging multi-night stay market and our focus will be on the premium end of the mass market and VIP customers from the region. With careful planning, we were able to secure sufficient funding for the project before the financial market meltdown. City of Dreams is fully funded and on budget and will be the only new hotel and casino project to open in Macau in 2009.
A committed employer of local talents, we will be offering over 5,000 jobs to local Macau residents at City of Dreams.
We have also developed a new brand for Crown Macau to differentiate it from City of Dreams to make sure the two projects each has its own distinct image.
During the year, we celebrated the upgrade of trading of Melco Crown Entertainment Limited (NASDAQ: MPEL) ( Melco Crown Entertainment , formerly known as Melco PBL Entertainment (Macau) Limited) onto the NASDAQ Global Select Market, which has the highest initial listing standards among exchanges in the world. This stands as evidence of our financial and liquidity strength and achievement of world-class corporate governance.
The Group s major associates, namely, Value Convergence Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 821)( VC ), Melco China Resorts (Holding) Limited (TSXV: MCG, MCG.WT) ( MCR ), MelcoLot Limited (Stock Code: 8198) ( MelcoLot , formerly known as Melco LottVentures Limited) and Elixir Gaming Technologies Inc. (AMEX Ticker: EGT)( EGT ) consolidated their respective businesses and business focuses in the light of changing macro-economic and market conditions.
Prudence will be the guiding principle when it comes to running business operations.
Looking ahead, we remain confident of the economic prospects of Macau and its vicinity areas. Although the market is feeling pressure from various external conditions, it still boasts strong attributes and potential as the most dynamic gaming market in the world. Recently, with agreement reached among Hong Kong, Macau and Guangdong province, a scheme was launched allowing residents of Shenzhen to make multiple visits to Hong Kong starting from April 2009. We believe this or similar scheme would be extended to Macau in the end and, when extended, would increase Macau s visitor volume.
City of Dreams, due to open in a few months time, is well positioned to benefit from such scheme. In addition, the six gaming concession holders in Macau recently met to discuss industry issues including a limit on junket commissions. Crown Macau, with its focus on rolling chip play, should benefit from the proposed commission cap.
Finally, I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to all employees for their continuous support, hard work and loyalty during this time of difficulty. I would also like to thank all shareholders for their trust in the Group. We continue to count on your commitment and dedication to help ensure the success of Melco in the future.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 