CHAIRMAN & CEO’S STATEMENT
The year 2007 was a fruitful year for Melco, in which
breakthrough achievements were made in various
business sectors. Buoyant economic atmosphere
and improved investment sentiment had provided us
with a favorable business environment within which
to operate our businesses. Apart from achieving
improved performance in our leisure, gaming and
entertainment division, we also recorded marked
progress in our financial services and technology
divisions. With four listed companies specialized
in various industries, the Melco Group has become
a New Generation Asian Conglomerate having a
leading position in the respective business sectors.
Our leisure, gaming and entertainment division saw the
biggest advancement in the past year. Crown Macau, our
first hotel-cum-casino project opened in May 2007, is
focused on the market dominating VIP gaming segment.
As our Mocha Clubs are intended for non-casino based
venues, Crown Macau marked our formal entry into
Macau’s booming casino sector as a licensed gaming
operator, represented by an associated company. In less
than a year, Crown Macau has claimed a remarkable 18%
market share backed by an immensely successful high
rolling chip VIP business. Crown Macau is expected to
maintain strong performance in the near future. With two
other projects, namely the City of Dreams and the Macau
Peninsula project moving on track, the Group is poised to
gain increased prominence in the Macau gaming market.
We made two strategic moves in 2007. Seeking to tap
the growing spending power of Chinese consumers
and their pursuit of high-end leisure, recreation and
sporting products and services, we expanded into ski
resort operations in China with the establishment of
Melco China Resort Investment Limited. Several high
quality ski resorts in Northeastern China have been
acquired and are being revamped and re-branded
into premium four-season resorts that rival other
world- class ski resorts. These resorts are expected to
commence operation in 2008 and will offer customers
superior skiing facilities and impeccable hospitality
experience unseen in China before. We are optimistic
about the prospects of this new segment becoming an
important revenue source of the Group in the future.
We also made a foray into the regional lottery market in
the past year. We participated in the robust China lottery
market through offering a broad range of lottery products
and value-added technical and venue management
services. We now own one of the largest lottery sales
networks in China. Beyond China, we have also identified
business opportunities in other Asian Pacific countries.
A consortium of which we are a member won a license
in Korea that will give the consortium the exclusive right
to run Welfare Lotto for five years.
Other business divisions of the Group also reported
encouraging results. In the technology sector, Elixir
signed new gaming machine deployment contracts
on a revenue participation model. This new business
model enables us to derive revenue from the high
margin slot machine industry and has allowed us to
rapidly gain a significant presence in the markets of
the Philippines, Vietnam and Cambodia. Our financial
services arm Value Convergence also benefited from
the burgeoning stock market in Hong Kong and recorded
outstanding financial results in the past year. VC Capital,
the corporate finance arm of Value Convergence,
successfully sponsored and lead managed a major
new listing in Hong Kong for a Chinese company. This
exercise underscored VC Capital’s professional skills
and competence in handling large regional deals.
Looking ahead, despite the turmoils in the global
financial markets, we remain upbeat and optimistic
about the economic prospects of the Greater China
Region and the surrounding areas. As Macau solidifies
its position as the leading leisure and gaming
destination in the global market place, we will take
advantage of our established leading position to capture
new business opportunities as they arise. We are also
well positioned to reap benefits from the growing
affluence of the Chinese people. We will continue our
strategic developments across Asia in the interests
of the Group and are confident that our core business
divisions will deliver strong performances and improve
shareholders’ value.
Finally, I would like to thank all shareholders for
their support and our employees for their creativity,
hard work and loyalty. They are the key factors
that drive the continuous growth of the Group.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer