CHAIRMAN & CEO’S STATEMENT
After a long period of struggles through different challenges affecting the gaming industry in Macau, we
finally began to see positive signs of recovery in gaming revenue in the third quarter of 2016, and we even
saw signs of improvement in the VIP segment towards the end of the year. Signifying our faith in Macau’s
long term prospects, in February 2017, Melco International has assumed majority ownership of Melco
Resorts & Entertainment Limited (formerly known as Melco Crown Entertainment Limited). With
conservative optimism for a stable recovery and long-term trust in the local gaming market, Melco
International continues to focus its effort in supporting tourism diversification in Macau by breaking new
grounds at the vanguard of luxury development, and at the same time, we have also been eagerly exploring
opportunities in new markets. The series of monumental transformations we had undergone in 2016 has
brought us closer to realising our vision of becoming a global leader in leisure and entertainment.
In Macau, one of the key milestones achieved in 2016
has been the unveiling of Morpheus, the new hotel
brand created for the fifth hotel tower at City of
Dreams. Morpheus is to be situated in the world’s first
free-form exoskeleton architectural composition
designed by the late Dame Zaha Hadid, DBE., and is
expected to become an icon in the Macau skyline,
setting a new benchmark for contemporary
ultra-luxurious hospitality. This architectural
masterpiece embodies a new sophisticated luxury that
illustrates what we have to offer in Macau’s quest towards
becoming a World Centre of Tourism and Leisure.
Morpheus is expected to commence operation in 2018.
In addition, we were very excited to launch the highly
anticipated new retail area at City of Dreams in December
2016, which is three-fold the former retail space. We
believe that the new mall, which features the largest shoe
salon in Hong Kong and Macau, the largest beauty hall in
Southern China and a personal stylist team dedicated to 
guiding individual customers through the latest offerings
according to their personality and taste, introduces a new
thinking that shapes the future of luxury retail and
strengthens our leading position in the premium mass
market segment in the region.
Studio City, our Hollywood-inspired, cinematically-themed
integrated resort celebrated its first anniversary in October
2016. Since its grand opening a year ago, the Asia’s
Entertainment Capital has attracted over 10 million visitors
and garnered more than 35 local and international awards
for its enthralling gamut of world-class entertainment
offerings and efforts in creating remarkable experiences for
visitors to Macau. Studio City has successfully transformed
Macau’s entertainment landscape and enhanced our
non-gaming entertainment proposition by introducing many
“firsts” in entertainment to the city. Besides, while Studio
City’s core focus remains on its mass market offerings
which are ideally aligned to the demand landscape in
Macau, we have introduced rolling chip operations there in
November 2016 to enhance the property’s gaming
proposition. After the ramp-up period, the property is now
running in full steam and has significantly broadened the
Group’s income stream. We anticipate that the property’s
VIP operations will contribute meaningfully to the Group’s
revenue in the coming quarters.Outside of Macau, City of Dreams Manila, our integrated
resort in the Philippines, continues to increase its gaming
market share by delivering strong revenue growth across all
gaming segments. The improvement in gaming operations
together with cost efficiencies identified through our
group-wide focus on managing reinvestment and other
operating expenses has resulted in a solid financial
performance in the fourth quarter of 2016. Our decision to
invest in the Philippines, which continues to be the
fastest-growing gaming market in the world, is testament to
our commitment to identify and commit to new markets or
development opportunities that meet our stringent
investment criteria and enable us to expand our gaming and
non-gaming network around the region and diversify our
income stream. In the Russian Federation, Tigre de Cristal,
the casino project in which we have an interest, has
continued to ramp up, with the main contribution to its
profitability coming from the rolling chip business which
targets VIP customers from Northeast Asia, enabling us to
capture the full potential of the region.
As a bellwether for the integrated resort industry, we take
pride in staying at the forefront of our customers’ minds by
providing them with not only unparalleled enthralling
entertainment, but also an impeccable hospitality
experience. We are immensely gratified that, year after
year, astute travellers who look for the highest level of style,
comfort and sophistication invariably return to us for the
best-in-class services and experiences. Certainly, 2016
marks the pinnacle of Melco International’s history as a
leading integrated resort operator – not only did we lead all
of Macau with the most Five-Star awards in the latest Forbes
Travel Guide, we have also officially topped the authoritative
MICHELIN Guide Hong Kong Macau 2017 with five
Michelin-starred dining establishments in Macau, again
more than any of our peers in that city. Separately, City of
Dreams and Studio City were named “Macau’s Leading
Resort” and “Asia’s Leading New Resort” by the World
Travel Awards 2016 respectively. Apart from that, Studio
City has also garnered the “Casino/Integrated Resort of the
Year” award from International Gaming Awards 2016. These
accolades further cement Melco International’s unshakable
position as a market leader in the leisure and entertainment
industry.
In order to establish the Group as a global entertainment
and gaming operator, we have always been looking for
growth and development opportunities which enable us to
expand our global network. Leveraging our strong
experience and proven track record of creating and
operating world-class integrated entertainment and leisure
resorts, in May 2016, our wholly-owned subsidiary Melco
Gaming Assets Management (Korea) Limited, entered into
a strategic cooperation arrangement with New Silkroad
Korea Development Limited on the provision of consultancy
services for its casino project on Jeju Island, South Korea.
Outside of Asia, in Cyprus, the multinational consortium
consisting of Melco International, Hard Rock International
and Cyprus Phasouri (Zakaki) Limited, has successfully
satisfied the requirements of the tender process of licensing
an integrated casino resort in the country in November
2016. The consortium has now entered the final stage of
obtaining a 30-year license for the operation of the new
casino resort, with a 15-year exclusivity period, from the
Cypriot government.
Notably, we are also eagerly advancing our plan to secure a
gaming license in Japan, as the legalization of casinos in
December 2016 has paved the way for tremendous business
opportunities in this wealthy and populous country.
Although the regulatory framework is yet to be set up, we
are optimistic about the prospects of Japan and are
committed to earmark significant resources with the goal of
developing a distinctive integrated resort for Japan in the
long run.
Besides business development and growth, as a responsible
corporate citizen, we are very committed to giving back to
and creating value for the communities in which we have
deep roots as well. We have always placed corporate
governance and corporate social responsibility as our top
priority. Our inclusion as one of the constituent stocks of
the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index is
a strong testimony to our efforts in this regard. In 2016, we
have also garnered the “Best CSR” award from Corporate
Governance Asia magazine. Besides, all three of our hotel
towers at City of Dreams, namely Grand Hyatt Macau,
Crown Towers and Hard Rock Hotel have brought home
“Gold Medals” from the Macao Green Hotel Awards for
their outstanding environmental measures.
Looking ahead, Macau’s gaming industry as a whole
continues to face market headwinds, including stricter
capital controls in mainland China, depreciation of the
Renminbi, smoking control measures and competition from
new casino resorts. Nonetheless, there is plenty of room for
optimism. The ongoing recovery of Macau that we have
witnessed since mid-2016 would be underpinned by a pivot
of the market towards the mass market segment, which is
the bread and butter of our business, thanks to the growing
Chinese middle class and the transformation of the Chinese
economy from an investment-driven model to a
consumption-oriented one. Furthermore, the expected
completion of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge and the
light rail transit station near Studio City by the end of 2017
are set to improve traffic access to City of Dreams and
Studio City, our properties in Cotai, Macau. All in all, we are
sanguine about our prospects in our home market in the
medium-to-long run.
To maximise our potential, Melco International will also
continue to enhance our operations in Macau, the
Philippines, Russia, South Korea, mainland China and PanAsian
markets, advance our expansion plan in Cyprus, and
explore new opportunities in other countries, such as Japan.
As 2017 marks the 90th anniversary of our listing on The
Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, we believe it is
destined to be an extraordinary year and we are all looking
forward to an exciting ride which will take us to
unprecedented new heights.
Finally, I would like to thank our Board of Directors,
shareholders, employees and business partners for their
unwavering support over the years, without which we would
not be able to stand at where we are today. In the coming
years, we look forward to further strengthening our global
presence and continuing to bring the cream of the crop into
the entertainment landscape of Asia and beyond.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer