CEO s Statement The year 2011 saw Melco International Development Limited achieving exceptional performance with an overall business turnaround, thanks to the record high net revenue and adjusted EBITDA of our core gaming and entertainment business in Macau operated by our associated company, Melco Crown Entertainment Limited ( Melco Crown Entertainment ). Our gaming machine revenue participation business in Southeast Asia, through our stake in Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc., demonstrated impressive improvement and recorded net profit, following its refined business model and efficient operating structure by completion of refocusing its business operations in the past three years. At the same time, MelcoLot Limited, a company engaged in our lottery business in China, recorded improved performance and is on course to capitalize on the rapid development of the China lottery market.
Moreover, we have also embarked on significant strategic initiatives that take the Group further forward. Melco Crown Entertainment was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange by way of introduction in December 2011, not only setting the company on a par with its peers but also boosting our liquidity and hence broadening our investor base in Asia. The acquisition of the 60% stake in Studio City was another exciting development this year. Its unique theme and demographic focus position it to become another spotlight attraction in Cotai and help bolster the Group s foothold in Macau.
Our core gaming and entertainment business in Macau recorded outstanding performance during the year, strong testimony to our successful business strategies, and, in particular, our efforts in enhancing operating leverage, cost control and profitability of our assets. With the full ramp-up of operations at our properties, in particular City of Dreams and Altira Macau, we recorded meaningful growth in the mass market segment, contributed by the higher volume as well as a sustained and growing mass hold rate. The rolling chip segment also performed well under the disciplined VIP junket pricing procedures. The world s largest water-based show, The House of Dancing Water at City of Dreams, was a truly overwhelming success and elicited an abundance of praise for its spectacular dimension of entertainment. Guided by our vision to create an ideal multi-day-stay destination for tourists, amenities such as Club Cubic have been opened to offer visitors a world-class entertainment experience in City of Dreams, which have attracted more patrons and also boosted hotel occupancy, table drop and restaurant spending.
While the Cotai area is flourishing as integrated gaming facilities open their doors, it is clear that the center of gravity of Macau s tourist attractions has moved to Cotai from the traditional Macau peninsula focus. Melco is very confident about the outlook of Macau in 2012 and thus believes we can sustain our excellent performance. We believe the development of transportation and infrastructure by the Macau Government, together with the rising visitation from China s increasingly affluent middle class with higher disposal income levels will continue to fuel Macau s future tourism development.
Looking forward, we are optimistic that our business in Asia will grow in step with the rising market. Studio City complements our current property portfolio in Cotai and demonstrates our vision to support and meaningfully contribute to the development and diversification of Macau s leisure and tourism industry. While increasing our footprint in Macau, our businesses in other parts of Asia such as Cambodia and Philippines are expected to sustain healthy growth as well. Dreamworld Casino Pailin in Cambodia, a regional casino project operated by EGT, is scheduled to open on 9 May 2012. We are constantly in purse to enrich our portfolio in Asia and eyeing opportunities to extend our geographic reach.
As one of the major gaming operators in Asia, we will continue to maintain our high corporate governance standards and also our dedication on corporate social responsibility, especially in the local community. We remain focused on delivering results adhering to our business plan, ensuring that as we grow, we continue to meet and exceed our customers expectations, as well as investing in the innovative attractions that set Melco apart.
Last but not least, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our colleagues for their dedication and hard work for building our record-setting success in 2011. My warmest thanks also go to our Board of Directors, management team, shareholders, business partners and customers for their indispensable contributions and continuous support to Melco.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 28 March 2012 