Chairman & CEO s Statement Amidst a challenging market environment in Macau, Melco has stayed on course in 2015 to strengthen its market presence with exciting projects completed not only in Macau but elsewhere in Asia and overseas. Embarking on a forward-thinking strategy several years ago to expand our exposure to the mass market segment, we are thrilled by the successful opening of the long-anticipated Hollywood-inspired integrated resort, Studio City, which provides the perfect complement to our flagship integrated resort, City of Dreams in Macau.
Moreover, the successful launch of City of Dreams Manila in the Philippines and Tigre de Cristal in Russia have significantly validated Melco s full commitment in optimising our robust portfolio of assets to drive revenues while further enhancing our industry presence to become a global market-leading operator.
Supported by the Central Government s long term infrastructure blueprint, Macau is undergoing a transition towards a more mass market-focused business model. Being at the forefront of innovation and diversification, the Group s member companies have pioneered projects that have further expanded our market share in Macau and increased our exposure to the more resilient and profitable mass market segments. The US$3.2 billion Studio City is the first Hollywood-themed integrated resort in Macau operated by our core associate, Melco Crown Entertainment. Offering unique world-class non- gaming attractions, it is an ideal addition to our current portfolio of assets, enabling us to cater to a broader customer base and strengthen our leadership in developing Macau s mass market, while highlighting our commitment to the ongoing evolution of Macau into a World Centre of Tourism and Leisure . Since its opening, not only has Studio City boosted the Group s market share, but we are also pleased to announce that this new integrated resort was recently honoured as CasinoIntegrated Resort of the Year at the International Gaming Awards 2016 and Best New Venue Opening in the 2016 CEI Readers Choice Awards. These accolades and achievements represent the culmination of our efforts in delivering high quality non-gaming and gaming facilities, and we are confident that further synergies between Studio City and City of Dreams will be realised.
Enhancement works at City of Dreams including our fifth hotel tower, designed by the late legendary architect Dame Zaha Hadid, together with the addition of the first street- front retail area in Cotai, are further evidence of our dedication in bringing a multi- dimensional leisure and tourism experience into the region, ultimately enabling us to compete at the highest levels by leveraging our world-class products and services.
In the Philippines, our expansion is highlighted by the successful grand opening of City of Dreams Manila. Marking another major milestone for the company, the property continues to grow a more diversified revenue stream, with expansion in our rolling chip business complementing its mass market gaming and non-gaming segments. Driven by our business approach, City of Dreams Manila was also awarded as CasinoIntegrated Resort of the Year at the International Gaming Awards 2015 shortly after its opening.
Despite infrastructure challenges in the Philippines such as the delay of the expressway that leads directly from the airport to the Manila Bay Entertainment City, the extension of the City of Dreams brand is expected to drive local tourism and eventually reinforce our presence in the region. Meanwhile, we anticipate the country itself will undergo further improvements and economic growth that will enable City of Dreams Manila to expand profitability and realize its full potential in the foreseeable future.
Elsewhere in Asia, our subsidiary Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. continues to improve its slot operation business in the Philippines and Cambodia and its gaming product business, which has posted a record performance due to increased orders to supply new casino openings. In addition, the successful launch of Tigre de Cristal, a gaming and resort development project located in the integrated entertainment zone near Vladivostok, Russia, in which Melco has interest, mainly targets inbound tourists from Korea, Japan and Northern China as well as the domestic tourists from Russia itself, demonstrating our ambition to extend our global footprint and to contribute to the tourism and economic growth in the region. To capture new market opportunities, MelcoLot continues to pursue the opportunity to develop a premium integrated resort next to Barcelona in Spain. Also, as announced previously, the consortium formed between Melco, Seminole HR Holdings, LLC ( Hard Rock ) and Cyprus Phasouri (Zakaki) Limited has been shortlisted to be one of the three bidders who may participate in the final phase of the tender process to develop and operate an integrated casino resort in Cyprus. All in all, these efforts have clearly demonstrated our efforts to maintain our leading position in the gaming and entertainment industry on a world-wide scale.
Looking ahead, although Macau is encountering a very tough operating environment, with a combination of the slowdown of economic growth in China and government policies that may adversely affect the gaming market, we believe our business approaches are in line with the government s new direction from a macroeconomic and social perspective. We continue to see the city as an exciting and important global gaming destination and remain confident that our integrated resorts and the unrivaled non-gaming entertainment-centric amenities that we deliver are a leading force in diversifying Macau s dynamic economy and tourism sector. For the Philippines, along with the government s support, we remain confident in the long-term success of its gaming market given the country s anticipated economic growth and supportive 
While bolstering our presence in Macau, Melco will continue to expand and explore opportunities in other countries, including the Philippines, Cambodia, Russia, Spain and Cyprus. At the same time, we will also continue to seek potential developments globally that would further build on our position as a leading international gaming, leisure and entertainment operator.
Over the years, Melco has remained constantly committed to uphold the highest standards of corporate governance and corporate social responsibility ( CSR ). We aim to deliver greater sustainability in our business operations for future generations as well as the community. Melco has been acknowledged by a number of authoritative organisations during the past year for excellence in corporate governance and CSR initiatives. In recognition of our solid contributions as a responsible corporate citizen, we have been included as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index since 2013. This year, supported by the three core pillars of our CSR strategy including Youth Development, the Environment, and Education, we are pleased to have achieved our CSR goals set for 2015. In addition, we have undertaken other CSR initiatives on Stakeholder and Staff Engagement that enable us to meet our long-term objectives and create a greater, more sustainable impact benefitting our stakeholders, including staff, customers, suppliers and members of the communities where we operate.
Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our Board of Directors, shareholders, employees and business partners for their continuous support which was an important driver of our significant achievements during the past year despite the challenging operating environment. We look forward to further strengthening our industry presence and realising sustained growth internationally in order to generate long-term value for our shareholders.
Ho, lawrence Yau lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 