Chairman & Chief Executive I am pleased that Melco International Development Limited ( Melco or the Group ) has enjoyed another spectacular year in 2013, highlighted by the smooth progress of our successful overseas expansion strategies in Asia and Eurasia including China, the Philippines, Cambodia and Russia. With our extensive experience in the gaming and entertainment industry and unique insight to appeal to the broadest spectrum of visitors, we firmly believe our overseas expansion plans will further realize our vision to become a global market leader in the gaming and 
The remarkable results achieved in financial year 2013 have been primarily driven by the shining success of the premium-focused business at City of Dreams, the flagship integrated resort of our key associate Melco Crown Entertainment Limited ( Melco Crown Entertainment or MCE ). City of Dreams unparalleled services and innovative entertainment offerings, such as the multiple award-winning water-based stage production The House of Dancing Water, Asia s only and most anticipated cabaret experience TABOO, the ground-breaking water extravaganza Viva Fiesta featuring the China National Diving Team, National Synchronized Swimming Team and acclaimed singers, and the international illusion master Franz Harary s inaugural performance in Macau, have effectively enticed highly discerning and premium customers, thereby maintaining our leading mass market 
Other development projects in Macau have continued to progress smoothly as planned during the year, and we are confident that these projects would further enrich our existing portfolio in Macau upon completion. Our exciting new cinematically-themed integrated resort Studio City remains on track for a mid-2015 debut to inject new excitement to the mass market segment. Additionally, the development of the iconic fifth tower at City of Dreams has commenced in 2013. It is expected to enable us to extend our leadership at the premium end of the market with astonishing gaming and non-gaming attractions to appeal to the highly sophisticated premium visitors when it opens in early 2017.
Outside Macau, Melco continues to expand the existing global footprint to other parts of Asia and Continental Europe. In the Philippines, our new integrated resort in Manila bears with pride of our successful City of Dreams brand and has been officially named City of Dreams Manila . We are excited to have announced two renowned hotel brands at the integrated resort the ultra- luxurious Crown Towers hotel serving VIP patrons and the world famous and celebrity-inspired Nobu Hotel, with its distinctive food and beverage menu indulging trendy entertainment seekers both locally and around the world.
City of Dreams Manila is anticipated to become the finest integrated entertainment casino resort in town when it opens later this year. While in Cambodia, our associate Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. ( EGT ) has maintained its strategic presence in the region with the opening of the standalone slot hall Dreamworld Poipet within the year.
Furthermore, Melco has completed a 5% investment in the gaming and resort development project in Russia s Primorye Region. As one of the first movers in the gaming and tourism industry in the Primorye region, we are positive that the gaming and tourism facilities will bring immense benefits to the local economy.
Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the overall outlook of the gaming, leisure and entertainment market in Asia. Macau continues its strong upward trajectory with market-wide gaming revenues sustainably increasing.
The underlying infrastructure and regional development blueprint, including the rapid development of Hengqin Island, improved immigration facilities, the Macau Light Rail system and the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge are also creating immense opportunities. Cotai is inevitably developing into a major gaming, leisure and entertainment center for Macau and Asia for years to come, which we believe would be beneficial to Melco given the vast opportunities brought about by the anticipated emerging visitation and premium quality hospitality demand in the 
Besides, leveraging our unique insight into what attracts a global audience while maintaining a profound respect for local culture, Melco is well-positioned to expand our business to other parts of the world to realize our vision of becoming one of Asia s leading gaming companies. We remain highly focused on entering lucrative new gaming markets in Asia, most notably, Japan. We believe the Group s experience in developing and operating high- quality integrated resorts, combined with our world-class entertainment productions would strongly resonate within this potentially globally significant market.
While constantly striving for improvement and continuous growth, Melco has also been tirelessly dedicated to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and corporate social responsibility. In the past year, our progress to make Melco a truly sustainable company responsive to the needs of the community has continued.
The inclusion of Melco as a constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series in 2013 is the most notable and strongest testimony to our commitment. We will deliver additional programmes for the development of the youth and the disadvantaged, in hopes to broaden our engagement with the community.
Lastly, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to our Board of Directors, shareholders, employees, business partners and customers for their indispensable contributions and continuous support, which have empowered us to extend our business into new areas and to realize outstanding opportunities to build Melco into a successful pioneer within the industry. We resolve to bring our brand of leisure and entertainment to other markets in Asia and other countries as we strive our utmost to replicate our success in Macau in overseas markets.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 