Chairman¡¯s Statement
In February 2003, the Group acquired a controlling stake in Value Convergence Holdings Limited, a
company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As a result, the
scope of the Group¡¯s business has expanded considerably. It now comprises three main business
sections: the investment banking and financial services section, the leisure and entertainment section
and the technology section.
After the acquisition, the Group had successfully executed a carefully planned costs rationalisation
programme, which led to a reduction of the operating costs of the financial services business by 30%
in the first quarter. This was followed by organizational restructuring, enhancement of quality sales
force, introduction of innovative products and service packages and sourcing of new deals from the
Group¡¯s new offices in Shenzhen and other PRC cities. These efforts paid off ¨C the Group¡¯s financial
services business went from substantial
loss in the first half of 2003 to profit earning
in the second half. Turnover improved by
about 125% as compared to 2002¡¯s figure,
while market share increased by 43% over
the same period.
Apart from financial services business, the
Group¡¯s technology business also achieved
a successful turnaround. The Group¡¯s IT
operation in Hong Kong, the iAsia division,
continued its success in securing quality
new clients in 2003, and some products
like foreign exchange trading system
gained significant market share. The
Group¡¯s Macau IT operation, the Elixir
division, became a prominent IT
outsourcing partner and gaming machine
IT specialist.
However, the Group¡¯s fine-dining business
was seriously affected by the Severe Acute
Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) epidemic,
which drastically reduced the number of
tourist and local customers to the Group¡¯s
restaurants in the first half of 2003. The
patronage rate somewhat recovered in the
second half, but the SARS effect is still felt.
The Group has taken swift measures to
reduce costs and upgrade its restaurant
staff¡¯s quality. It has also begun an
extensive renovation/revitalisation
programme, which saw the opening of the
six-star restaurant (Dragon Court) in
January 2004 and other new and exciting features and attractions will be opened soon.
The Group announced in March 2004 that it will
purchase a 80% interest in Mocha Slot Group
Limited, which leases gaming machines and
provides related management services to the
lessees in Macau. It also announced a group
reorganization plan whereby the technology
business would be directly owned by the Melco
group. These transactions are subject to
independent shareholders¡¯ approvals, and, when
approved, will be completed in May 2004. I am
confident that they will be beneficial to the Group,
as the Mocha Slot Group¡¯s acquisition brings with
it good growth and earnings potentials, and the
restructuring of the technology business
rationalizes Value Convergence¡¯s business and
enables it to focus on its investment banking and
financial services business.
With the SARS epidemic behind us and the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA) and
the Facilitated Individual Travel (FIT) programme beginning to show their positive effects, Hong Kong
and Macau economies are anticipated to grow in 2004. The influx of foreign funds and the increasing
number of IPOs and individual travellers from China are expected to continue in 2004. Hong Kong¡¯s
capital market is set to have a rebound, and this provides a very good setting for the taking off of the
Group¡¯s financial services business. Tourism and gambling business in Hong Kong and Macau is
poised to flourish in 2004, and this provides a good ground for improved performance of the Group¡¯s
leisure and entertainment business. The great efforts last year to strengthen the Group¡¯s operations
enable the Group to capture opportunities arising from the markets¡¯ improvement. As a result, I am
confident that the Group¡¯s businesses will continue their upwards trend in the coming year.
I would like to thank all of our staff and management for their exemplary hard work and dedications,
without which this has not been possible. I am certain that I can count on their continued support
and loyalty in the coming year.
By Order of the Board
Dr. Stanley Ho
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21st April 2004