Chairman & Chief Executive Officer s Statement After constant dedication of unstinting effort to expanding our core gaming, leisure and entertainment business in Macau and across Asia, I am pleased to see that Melco International Development Limited ( Melco or the Group ) has begun to reap the rewards, realizing impressive year-on-year growth in both revenue and profit despite the turbulent global economic conditions. On top of the record-breaking financial results and the continuous improvement of our Macau operation, the Group has also expanded its footprints to the fast-growing Southeast Asia region by tapping into the gaming market in the Philippines and Cambodia. During the year, we also laid a solid foundation for our future expansion by significantly improving our gearing ratio to 5% as of 31 December 2012, compared to 17% last year.
The remarkable growth in our financial performance was mainly attributable to the significantly higher contribution from our key associate Melco Crown Entertainment Limited ( Melco Crown Entertainment ).
Strong year-over-year improvements in operating metrics in our mass market segments at City of Dreams provided us with greater earnings stability, particularly during a period of slow market growth in the rolling chip segment. Our innovative ideas for creating unique integrated resorts and exciting never-seen-before attractions in City of Dreams continued to attract visitors. In just over two years since its debut, The House of Dancing Water has welcomed nearly two million spectators and has truly become one of Macau s and Asia s entertainment landmarks.
Our gaming business in Asia has also delivered an impressive performance through the NASDAQ-listed subsidiary Entertainment Gaming Asia Inc. ( EGT ).
EGT opened its first casino in Cambodia in May 2012, and has delivered continued improvement in its slot and casino operations in Cambodia and the Philippines. With a wide range of products, strong customer relationships and effective business strategies in the growing gaming markets in Asia, EGT is expected to be a meaningful contributor to the Group s long-term earnings.
Turning to our development pipeline, the development of our cinematically- themed integrated resort Studio City remains on track to open around mid- 2015, and we have successfully secured additional funds on favorable terms.
Together with full contribution of committed shareholder equity, these financings, upon full drawdown, are expected to deliver a fully-funded project at the Studio City level. At the same time, Melco Crown Entertainment has recently closed the transaction with its Philippines counterparties contemplated under the cooperation agreement for the development of an integrated resort in Manila, and the facility is expected to open next year.
In Macau and the surrounding region, substantial improvements to infrastructure and transport are also well underway, which will enable Macau to cater to a wider spectrum of visitors and act as a meaningful catalyst for future visitation growth. We believe that this dynamic infrastructure blueprint, together with the wide-reaching development of nearby Hengqin New Area will further broaden Macau s appeal and meaningfully improve the overall visitor experience, thereby ensuring the long-term success of Macau as a world-class leisure and tourism destination. With an enviable portfolio of entertainment assets established, we are committed to strongly supporting the Macau Government s policy to diversify tourism in order to further enhance a sustainable business environment in the city. Looking to the future, our strengthened presence in Macau and across Asia should enable us to contribute to the continued growth and future of Macau and capture the exciting opportunities in the Philippines as well as within other 
Apart from reaching new heights in operational and financial terms, as a responsible corporate citizen, we will continue to maintain our high corporate governance standards and our dedication to fulfilling our corporate social responsibility, especially in the local community. We will also continue to deliver the highest standard of excellence in hospitality and add innovative facilities and entertainment to our properties in order to attract a wider range of customers.
In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to fellow members of the Board for their continuous support and to our shareholders for their unwavering trust in the Group. My thanks also go to the management team and all colleagues for their contribution to the success of the Group.
Ho, Lawrence Yau Lung Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 28 March 2013 