CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2014, the world economy still struggled for a recovery, while the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) was in the process of adjusting its economic structure. The PRC witnessed slightly slower year-over-year (YoY) GDP growth of 7.4% in 2014, compared with 7.7% recorded in both 2012 and 2013. The slowdown in growth became a new norm. Clouded by the economic environment and the economic adjustments, the food and beverage industry grew slower, resulting in changes in consumption behaviour which imposed impact on the industry. Accordingly, the key to capitalise on opportunities for next round of development is to understand how consumers would spend.
We have solid operating foundation, sound financial position, core competitiveness and efficient operating management. We expand our market share and accomplish the operating targets set by the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the Company ) through organisational advancements and extensive marketing activities.
In order to achieve these corporate goals, we stepped up our internal structural reforms, continuously improved our product mix and enhanced our management. The continual improvement of our portfolios in terms of product and profitability was regarded as the most important criteria in assessing our business segment performance. Through stringent control over operating expenses and streamlined operations, our overall competitiveness was enhanced with higher organisational efficiency.
The Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) strived to adhere to the strategy of focused operation so as to bring continuous enhancements to our brand value. In 2014, with our prudent steps, pragmatic manner and proven ability in effective execution, the Group recorded revenue of RMB22,487.7 million and profit attributable to shareholders of RMB285.5 million.

In 2014, we continued to follow the strategy of tapping into the mid-to-high end instant noodles market. The overall revenue from instant noodles continued to grow and hit RMB7,960.3 million, with 1.7% growth YoY. Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavoured NoodlesXx[r continued to be the top- selling spicy-flavoured instant noodles in the PRC. Soup Daren onTN achieved a good start by leveraging on young people s preference towards mid-to-high end instant noodles, and was ready to boom. The innovative product Revolution Noodlesi brought new blood into the market. First developed by the Group, the patented The Q Wide Noodles?Q[ provides our consumers with brand-new tastes with enriched ingredients.
By delivering upgraded flavours, the high-priced instant noodles product The ChampionQi set up a new milestone in the research and innovation of instant noodles.
In terms of beverage business, the Group recorded revenue of RMB14,004.6 million in 2014, representing a 7.6% slide YoY, mainly due to the slowdown of the macro-economic growth, the change of consumer s choice of beverages and the fact that the majority part of the PRC experienced a relatively cooler summer in 2014 than the past. Accordingly, the general demand for beverages decreased across the country. Tea drinks and juice drinks businesses shrank while the milk tea business showed slower growth. How to innovate products and to accurately understand the consumption trend will be the main theme for the beverage segment in 2015. Further to the excellent performance of HaizhiyanwmKN , a brand new product with a refreshing flavour in 2014, another innovative product Classmate Xiaoming Tx[ targeting young consumers will be launched in 2015. The Group s milk tea business continued to secure the leading position in the market, and is expected to expand in terms of volume and market share.

Based on the overall performance of the Group in 2014 and taking the surplus, overall financial condition and capital expenditure of the Group into account, the Board will propose a payment of final cash dividend of RMB1.322 cents (amounting to a total dividend of RMB57.1 million) for the year ended 31 December 2014 at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

In 2015, we expect there will be a stable economic growth in the PRC with continuous structural adjustments in the industry and a moderate GDP growth rate. With the gradual implementation of economic structural adjustments and the effect of economic benefits from urbanisation starting to show, we hold an optimistic view on the steady growth of the food and beverage market. The Group will continue its strategy of focused operation by following the directions of urbanisation planning, and place emphases on key markets. Meanwhile, the Group will keep abreast of market trends and consumers preference, develop high-end products and continue to innovate to meet consumers needs. The momentum for the growth of the Group s performance in the long-run will be established to bring reasonable returns to all shareholders.

The stable development of the Group rides on the support and efforts of different parties. On behalf of the Board, I hereby extend my sincere gratitude to our clients, suppliers, business partners, financial institutions and shareholders for their full support and to our staff for their dedication and contribution over the past year.

17 March 2015 