CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Uni-President Enterprise achieved solid development in the PRC in 2007 particularly in the areas such as operational performance, market position and capital structure. In order to facilitate further growth and development, Uni- President China Holdings Ltd. ( Uni-President China and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) was listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( Hong Kong Stock Exchange ) on 17 December 2007. The listing was well-received by investors, and through it we were able to further enhance the capital structure of the Group and at the same time enlarge our shareholder base. On behalf of the Board of Directors of Uni-President China, I am pleased to report the Group s 2007 audited fi nancial statements and future development plans.
Organizational Restructuring Strengthening Marketing Efforts In order to better align our products with customers preferences, we have been implementing an intensive organizational restructuring program since 2007. We have segmented our original eight markets in the PRC into smaller business units based on the province or other geographic administrative region in which we operate. Our distribution system, which was comprised of the instant noodle and the beverage business groups, has been further divided into fi ve product segments, namely the instant noodle segment, and four beverage segments focusing on tea, juice, mixed drinks and water, respectively. We believe the new system will help us to further develop the PRC market, construct effective sales platforms and enhance our service capability. At the same time, we have also implemented a segmental P&L system, with the aim of enhancing operational capability of the respective product segments.
In 2007, Uni-President China continued to achieve signifi cant revenue and profi t growth even while undergoing such fundamental organizational restructuring. Furthermore, as the scale of our operations continued to grow, our profi tability also greatly improved. This demonstrates the effectiveness of our strategies to implement the restructuring program, to strengthen product specialization, and to enhance production capability. Looking forward to 2008, we will continue to implement our restructuring program with a focus on improving our logistics network, further differentiating the roles of product marketing and logistics. We have also appointed the general managers of the administrative offi ces in each of our eight original markets to oversee and manage back-offi ce support for the business units within their geographical region. Under this framework, we now have new distribution, production and administrative systems in place; and we believe that these three professional management systems will enable the Group to further refi ne its organizational structure and enhance its competitiveness.
Operational Improvement Sustaining Growth Despite the surge in raw material prices in the past year, the Group was able to offset the negative impact of rising production costs by continuing to improve organizational effi ciency, adjusting product mix, improving margin levels, minimizing expenses and increasing economies of scale. The Group s overall gross margin improved with gross margins for the instant noodles and beverage segments reaching 22.9% and 38.2%, respectively (2006: 21.4% and 
In 2007, revenue of Uni-President China reached RMB8,656.8 million, representing an increase of 9.8% over that of 2006. Revenue from instant noodles and beverages rose 10.6% and 9.4%, respectively compared with 2006, reaching RMB2,445.5 million and RMB6,143.0 million, respectively. As to other segments, revenue reached RMB68.3 million, representing an increase of 23.7% over 2006. Profi t for the year totaled RMB424.0 million in 2007, representing an increase of 190% when compared to 2006. Most of this profi t was contributed by our beverages segment. We believe the effects of our organizational restructuring will gradually be realized from 2008, accelerating our business expansion in the market.
Consolidating and Strengthening Market Position In 2007, prices of key raw materials of instant noodles, namely palm oil and fl our, continued to increase. In order to counter this, we have upgraded our products, adjusted our product mix and pricing to preserve and further increase 
We believe Uni-President instant noodles has strengthened its claim to being the premium instant noodle brand in the PRC by becoming the only offi cially designated instant noodles sponsor for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. In addition, the Group sponsors Project Hope for the campaign A Bowl of Noodles Today, a Gold Medal Tomorrow (N)YN x f)YNb), under which the Group donates one cent to Project Hope for every pack of instant noodles sold. A total of RMB13 million has been donated to improve the sports facilities of Project Hope primary schools in remote areas. Through interactive communications with customers via Project Hope photo exhibitions and Olympics roadshow campaigns in major cities, and visits to a large number of Project Hope primary schools in ten provinces across the nation to donate sports equipment and arranging sports days, we believe both the brand name of Uni- President Instant Noodles and the ideal of sportsmanship of the Beijing Olympics have been deeply imprinted in the minds of the Chinese people. In conjunction with the Beijing Olympics, we introduced our Olympics Noodles (Q i), a beef noodle product made with our unique ground beef sauce and hand-made noodles. Through our Olympic Noodles , we aim to provide higher quality products to consumers and to celebrate the 2008 Beijing Olympics bringing a better tomorrow for the country.
In 2007, we focused heavily on brand management of our tea products with the aim of enhancing product value.
We increased our exposure in nation-wide media and on local TV channels. Furthermore, we continued to effectively interact with our target customers through integrated marketing campaigns. According to AC Nielsen, sales of Uni- President tea products accounted for 30.3% of the entire market, ranking second in the sector. In the green tea segment, our market share has reached 22.8%. By implementing marketing strategies according to plan, we believe our market share of juice products will increase in 2008.
In 2007, Uni-President China refi ned the More brand of orange juice drink (YjY) and its packaging. Together with a series of new advertising campaign, the new brand image aims to provide consumers with a totally new impression and experience. As the price of orange juice concentrates has generally been increasing, we will continue to refi ne our product mix and further expand our distribution channels. According to AC Nielsen, sales of Uni-President juice products accounted for 20.6% of the entire juice drink market, ranking second in PRC.

Looking ahead in 2008, we will build on our foundation to further expand the brand asset of our More brand of orange juice drink through its association with beauty . We will also collaborate with China Southern Airlines to hold its up-coming air stewardess recruitment fair in 2008. We believe taking advantage of such events to launch marketing campaigns and enhance brand impact will help us further increase the market share of our juice products in 
Revenue and profi t levels of Uni-President mineral water, milk tea and coffee products continued to improve in the past year. We expect that these products will continue to grow steadily and healthily in the coming year.
Strong Capital Structure Uni-President China was listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2007 and its public offering received an oversubscription of 4.56 times. Through the initial public offering, including the exercise of an over- allotment option, the Group raised a total of HK$2,405 million, net of issue expenses. We believe the success of our initial public offering demonstrates that investors are fully confi dent in Uni-President China s future growth, and we are extremely encouraged. I hereby thank all of our shareholders again for your support and trust. The offering and listing have provided us with suffi cient capital for future development, enabled us to access the international capital markets and enhanced our corporate governance structure and improved transparency, which will prepare us to meet the 
The business goal of Uni-President China is to maximize shareholders value and to introduce more healthy and enjoyable products for consumers. The following key principles will serve as the foundation for our long term growth 
1. To become a global model enterprise through love and care: To become a localized enterprise operating in harmony with the society and environment. To promote prosperity and development of the local economy through love and care.
2. Create competitive advantages using our existing network: Our portfolio of products targets specifi c markets and our various distribution channels have come together to form unique networks complementing our operations. With such synergy, the Group should be able to create 
3. Customer satisfaction comes fi rst: We will continue to be responsive to changes in market conditions. We have established an effective customer feedback channel for gathering fi rst hand customer information to implement our customer-oriented marketing 
4. Propagation and maintenance of core corporate values: We observe the values of being honest, diligent, innovative, proactive and healthy; these have become the benchmarks for our behaviour and conduct. We should be strong, upright, cheerful, humble, selfl ess, sincere and morally-committed, show respect to our profession, have team spirit and always express our gratitude to 
5. Optimal mix of local talent and international management: We select and cultivate local talent in order to maximize and make use of its ability, whilst internationalizing our operations team, which must be competent in international management.
6. A strategy-and-quality-focused operational management system: We will adhere to the vision of setting a leading strategy and placing utmost importance on product quality.

Thanks to the support and efforts from our stakeholders, Uni-President China has been able to attain sustainable growth over the years. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our sincere thanks for the generous support from our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders, and in particular, I would like to express our gratitude to our staff for their efforts and contributions over the past year.

15 April 2008 