CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2012, the global economy was yet to recover. The US economy remained weak, whereas the European debt crisis saw temporary relief. Export trading in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) performed poorly, with growth of only 6.2%, which was far below 22.5% in 2011. All these have shown that the global economic landscape remained in doldrums. Accordingly, the domestic economic was inevitably affected. However, as the PRC government implemented effective supporting measures and made changes to industry structure. Despite that various economic figures slowed down as compared with 2011, the GDP in 2012 grew by 7.8% on a year-on-year basis and the total consumable retail sales increased by 14.3% on a year-on-year basis. The market remained prudent and optimistic about the domestic economy with improvement in people s livelihood and growing 
In the face of intensifying industry competition, Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the Company and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) endeavored to focus on its operating strategy to enhance brand value. With a practical, progressive and effective implementation of such strategy, in 2012, the Group achieved a record high of RMB20 billion in revenue, grew by 26.4% to RMB21,405.7 million. In only two years after hitting the threshold of RMB10 billion revenue in 2010, and at the 20th year of our establishment in the PRC, we achieved the second revenue record of more than RMB10 billion with exponential growth. A number of products have set new sales records. Our key tea drink products, Uni Ice Tea (q}NQ}6) and Uni Green Tea (q}N}6) generated a record revenue of RMB5 billion. Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavoured Noodles (Xx[r) generated a revenue of over RMB4 billion. Assam Milk Tea (?YvY6) generated a revenue of over RMB3 billion. It is expected that more products will achieve record setting results in 2013.
The solid operating foundation, the sound financial position, the core competitiveness and efficient operating management allowed us to expand our market share and accomplish the operating targets set by the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of the Company through organisational advancement and increased marketing. In order to achieve the corporate goals, we have stepped up the modification of our internal structure, improved our product mix and enhanced our management. The continual improvement of product portfolio and profitability was the most important element in assessing segment performance.
Through better control over operating expenses and overheads and 
streamlining operation, our overall competitiveness was enhanced with higher organisational efficiency. We have also prepared for any future market opportunities by speeding up the construction of production base and increasing investments. The highlights of our work in 2012 are summarised as follows: STAY FOCUSED IN BUSINESS STRATEGY AND STREAMLINE OPERATIONS It is crucial to have a progressive operating plan in order to get ahead in the vast Chinese market. We opted to begin with building our advantages in selected regions by adapting our market strategies to local features. First, we set foot in selected cities where we can excel ourselves and gain competitive edges over industry peers, and our network stretched from such urban footholds to outer peripheral areas and other cities to allow consumers to purchase our products in major cities and nearby towns and rural areas. In the long run, market focus would also be placed on county-level cities with a population over 1 million with a view to centralising our resources input.
In 2012, we pursued the strategy of developing the mid-to-high end instant noodles market. Since the second half of 2008, we have adjusted the product mix by retaining only products which are well-performed and in line with our development strategies.
Such approaches were proven effective as our key product, Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavoured Noodles (Xx[r ), became the second favourite flavoured noodles in the PRC.
Overall operating income from instant noodles grew by 22.5% to RMB7,269.6 million compared to the corresponding period last year and hit its peak. We also introduced the second key product at the right time, Braised Meat Flavoured Noodles (n), which is hoped to be another driving force of the instant noodles business. The enhancement in the product mix of the instant noodles business has led to another record high in profit amounting to RMB225.3 million in 2012, and created a healthier product structure. Looking forward, we will make further investments in brand building so as to work towards corporate goals and achieve 
For the beverage business, our revenue increased by 30.2% compared with the corresponding period last year to RMB13,913.6 million in 2012, significantly outperformed the growth in the major beverage peers. Tea drinks business showed strong growth despite the market downturn, whereas juice drinks and milk tea businesses both performed satisfactorily. In particular, our new juice drink product, Crystal Sugar Pear Drink (Q|h) achieved exponential growth. Milk tea business continued to record strong growth and maintain its leading market position with a market share of over 60.0%.
The Group will adhere to its key product strategy and develop products which are well-liked by consumers and with high value for money to achieve better operations with an aim to offer quality products and acquire greater profits.
VIGOROUSLY EXPAND PRODUCTION CAPABILITY AND SET UP NEW PRODUCTION 
The Group has implemented its plant expansion plan, in which new production bases will be set up in various locations and new production lines will be added to existing production bases to replace obsolete ones. The objective of the plan is to boost overall productivity and it is anticipated that the Group will enter into a stage of rapid capacity expansion in 2012 and 2013. The introduction of new production lines with advanced technology will relieve the problem of capacity shortage, long transport distance and delivery time control.

Even with the uncertainties of the global economy, it is expected that the economy of the PRC will be able to sustain a steady growth under the national policy of stimulating internal demand. The PRC government s constant efforts in narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas will bring about structural changes to the consumption market, and the rising disposal income per capita will offer tremendous development opportunities for the fast-moving consumer goods, food, beverages and retailing industries.
Under the guidance of the Twelve Five-Year Plan , the four East-West corridors and four North-South corridors of the high- speed rail network will significantly reduce travel distance and time, thereby expanding the one-day living circle . The top six special economic zones will steer the PRC economic development by spreading their economic influence over other developing areas.
By taking a pragmatic attitude towards its development, the Group will observe the direction of government policies in the PRC and focus on developing its target markets. It is believed that with a progressive development of our market presence, together with our popular products and excellent product mix, we will be able to generate higher revenue and profit.
GOALS AND STRATEGIES The operating goals of the Group are to bring shareholders value to a maximum and constantly offer healthy and pleasant products to consumers. We will adhere to the following key principles in our long-term growth strategies: 1. To become a leading global enterprise by showing care and 
We aim at integrating into local communities by paying extra attention in localising our operations and showing our care and concern about enhancing the prosperity and development of local economies.

2. To please our customers and stay ahead of the industry: We emphasise on adapting to local operating environments with high flexibility and establishing an effective system for handling customer feedbacks. By bearing the idea of putting customers first in our marketing objectives, we devote considerable resources to satisfy the demand of end 
3. To inherit and maintain the core values of the corporation: We believe that some important virtues are necessary in our acts: be honest, work hard, be innovative, dare to change, be optimistic and positive, have a good attitude and be harmonious. We also treasure our following corporate values: be strong, be fair, think positive, stay humble, be considerate, think well, be upright, respect what we do, share happiness and be thankful for the society.
4. To recruit local talents to form operation teams with a global 
We hire local talents and cultivate them to exhibit their edges for contributing to the Group. We require our operation teams to possess global perspectives and visions and the expertise in global operations.
5. To establish an operating and management system which stresses product quality and safety: The first priority in our operating focus is to provide consumers with quality and safe products by closely monitoring our production and supply chain.

The sustainable development of the Company rides on the staunch support and concerted efforts of different parties. On behalf of the Board, I hereby extend my sincere gratitude to our clients, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their full support and to our staff for their dedications and contributions over the past 
26 March 2013 
