CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Looking back at 2013, we saw a year with extremely complicated economic situations, in which the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) has entered a period of structural adjustments, and economic development was experiencing greater downward pressure. GDP in 2013 grew by 7.7% on a year-on-year basis, indicating a slight drop of the growth rate. Nevertheless, the PRC economy still maintained a growth which is relatively sound and stable as compared with other regionscountries. In face of the structural adjustments in economy, the growth in food and beverage industry slowed down significantly in 2013.
The solid operating foundation, the sound financial position, the core competitiveness and efficient operating management allowed us to expand our market share and accomplish the operating targets set by the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the Company ) through organisational advancement and increased marketing. In order to achieve the corporate goals, we have stepped up our internal structural reforms, continuously improved our product mix and enhanced our management. The continual improvement of product portfolio and profitability was regarded as the most important element in assessing segment performance. Through stringent control over operating expenses and streamlined operations, our overall competitiveness was enhanced with higher organisational efficiency. Meanwhile, we also continued to set up production bases in preparation for the opportunities of market development in the long run.
The Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) strived to adhere to the strategy of focused operation so as to bring continuous enhancements to our brand value. In 2013, through cautious steps, tremendous confidence and effective execution, the Group was successful in generating a revenue of RMB23.329 billion, representing a 9.0% increase year on year, and a profit attributable to shareholders of RMB916.4 million, representing a 7.1% increase on a year-on-year basis.
In 2013, we continued to follow the strategy of developing the mid-to-high end instant noodles market. The overall revenue from instant noodles hit a historic record of RMB7,825.9 million, with a 7.7% growth on a year-on-year basis. Our focused operation by putting emphasis on particular products was proven to be effective.
Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavoured Noodles (Xx [r) has become the top-selling flavoured noodles in the PRC. Braised Beef Flavoured Noodles (n) , our second key product, has become another growth driver in our instant noodles business since its launch.

In the beverage business, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB15,151.5 million in 2013, with a 8.9% growth on a year- on-year basis. Tea drinks business grew in spite of economic downturn, the revenue growth from juice drinks outperformed the industry and the milk tea segment showed continuous growth.
The market shares of all the above product lines kept increasing steadily, with Uni Milk Tea (q}NvY6) maintaining its leading position in the market share.

Based on the overall performance of the Group in 2013 and after considering the profits, overall financial condition and capital expenditure of the Group, the Board will recommend a payment of final cash dividend of RMB5.092 cents (with a total dividend of RMB183,282,000) at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the 
We expect a stable growth in the economy of the PRC in 2014 with a GDP growth rate of 7.5%. With the gradual implementation of economic structural adjustments, and the effect of economical benefits from urbanisation starting to show, we hold an optimistic view on the steady growth of the food and beverage market.
The Group will continue with its strategy of focused operation by following the directions of urbanisation planning, and place emphasis in key markets. Meanwhile, the Group will keep abreast of market trends and consumers preferences, and develop high- end products to meet consumers needs. The momentum for the growth of the Group s performance in the long-run will be established to bring reasonable returns to all shareholders.

The stable development of the Group rides on the staunch support and concerted efforts of different parties. On behalf of the Board, I hereby extend my sincere gratitude to our clients, suppliers, business partners, financial institutions and shareholders for their full support and to our staff for their dedications and contributions over the past year.

18 March 2014 
