Chairman’s Statement
The growth of GDP of the People’s Republic of China (the
“PRC”) continued to slow down, with a year-on-year growth
rate decreased to 6.7% in 2016. The changes in the political
situation in Europe and America are affecting the international
economic development, resulting in a sharp depreciation of
the Renminbi exchange rate. Costs of certain raw materials
increased, and the food and beverage industry has not yet
recovered under the pressure of the economic downturn.
Amids t the ongoing indus trial s tructural adjus tment,
innovative and upgraded products are obviously favoured by
consumers. Existing products continued to be challenged and
compressed, with their growth turning to a slow down or even
a recession. Changes in consumers’ preferences intensified,
pushing the product life cycle towards a test. Making timeless
products and establishing consumer-recognized brand value
becomes another round of challenges.
In 2016, Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) upheld the spirit
of progress through innovation, brand building and operation
and continued to promote product upgrading and improve
the marginal efficiency prudently. In the second half of 2016,
we have implemented sales channel reform, sales rhythm
adjustment and organization integration, to strive to reach the
business goals set by the board (the “Board”) of directors (the
“Directors”) and maximize benefit in a more reasonable and
effective way under the new economic situation.
In 2016, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB20,985.5
million and profit attributable to shareholders of RMB607.3
million. The revenue of instant noodles recorded a historic
high at RMB8,221.1 million, representing a growth of 8.6%
when compared to the same period of last year. The market
share of instant noodles has made a further breakthrough
to 21.0%, in which “Soup Daren（湯達人）” grew rapidly
under the continuous implementation of mid-high end instant
noodles development strategy and became a significant brand
priced at RMB5.0 and above. The overall instant noodles
business recorded profit due to the increase in revenue
when compared to the same period of last year. The revenue
of beverages business amounted to RMB12,180.7 million,
representing a downturn of 13.3% when compared to the
same period of last year. As the overall economic growth has
slowed down, the whole beverage market remained sluggish.
“Classmate Xiaoming（小茗同學）” has successfully driven
the rapid development of the ready to drink tea market with
selling price of RMB5.0 and above and become a role model
in the industry. “Haizhiyan（ 海 之 言）” adjusted its sales
rhythm and carried out channel inventory improvement. The
scale of existing products reduced because of the changes in
consumer trends, and as a result, profit decreased.
The Group will insist on satisfying the consumers’ demands
as its priority. By continuously launching differential and
innovative products, building brand value, expanding market
scale, enhancing integrated efficiency of the organization, the
Group will take the new round of opportunities in the food and
beverage industry to develop a new setup.
DIVIDENDS
Having accounted for our overall performance, balances,
financial conditions, capital expenditures, etc., the Board
proposes to declare a final cash dividend of RMB2.812 cents
per share (amounting to a total dividend of RMB121.5 million)
for the year ended 31 December 2016 at the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company.
PROSPECT
The PRC’s economy is expected to continue to slow down in
2017, while the GDP growth remains moderate. The uncertain
factors in international economic development will increase
as the political situations change. Raw materials costs are
likely to rise, so do the exchange rate risk. Food and beverage
market will continue industry structure adjustment. The Group
is optimistic about the development in 2017 and expects the
economy will grow steadily. The Group will focus on its core
competitiveness and leverage on its organizational abilities
in innovation to grasp the market trend and consumers’
preference, and to continue developing high-quality innovative
products. It will also facilitate sales channel reform and create
reasonable returns for all shareholders.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Our Group’s steady growth is credited to every party’s
support and dedication. On behalf of the Board, I would
like to express our sincere gratitude to clients, suppliers,
partners, financial institutions and shareholders for their
unparallelled support, especially for all my colleagues’ efforts
and contributions in the past year.
Mr. Lo Chih-Hsien
Chairman
24 March 2017