CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Global economy went into recession in 2011 as the US economy continued to wane and the European countries were in a debt crisis sparked by sovereign debts. International credit ratings agencies downgraded the sovereign ratings of some European countries and the credit ratings of various financial institutions. Moreover, the long-ailing Japanese economy suffered from a further blow in March after the earthquake and tsunami, which caused tremendous economic losses and casualties and, more fatally, nuclear pollution caused by radiation leak at Fukushima nuclear plants. Under the effective leadership of the government, the Chinese economy endured a chaotic year of 2011 and recorded a gross domestic product ( GDP ) growth of 9.2%, indicating the improvement in people s livelihood and the growing consumption demand.
In the face of the challenges posed by rocketing raw materials prices and fierce competition, Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the Company and, together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) endeavored to focus on its key products by improving its product mix. With a practical, progressive and effective implementation of such strategy, the Group s revenue grew by 34.5% to RMB16,931.9 million in 2011. Sales of several products reached a record high with over RMB10,000 million for drinks and RMB5,000 million for instant noodles, and we look forward to another prosperous year in 2012.
The solid operating foundation, the sound financial position, the core competitiveness and efficient operating management allowed us to expand its market share and accomplish the operating targets set by the board of directors of the Company through organisational advancement and increased marketing. In order to achieve the corporate goals, we have stepped up the modification of our internal structure, improved our product mix and enhanced our management. The continual improvement of product portfolio and profitability was the most important element in assessing segment performance.
Through better control over operating expenses and overheads and streamlining operation, our overall competitiveness was enhanced with higher organisational efficiency. We have also prepared for any future market opportunities by speeding up the construction of production base and increasing investments. The highlights of our work in 2011 are summarised as follows: STAY FOCUSED IN BUSINESS STRATEGY AND STREAMLINE OPERATIONS It is crucial to have a progressive operating plan in order to get ahead in the vast Chinese market. We opted to begin with building our advantages in selected regions by adapting our market strategies to local features. First, we set foot in selected cities where we can excel ourselves and gain competitive edges over industry peers, and our network stretched from such urban footholds to outer peripheral areas and other cities to allow consumers to purchase our products in major cities and nearby towns and rural areas. In the long run, market focus would also be placed on county-level cities with a population over 1 million with a view to centralise our resources input.
In 2011, we pursued the strategy of developing the mid-to-high end market of our instant noodles. Since the second half of 2008, we have adjusted the product mix by retaining only products which are well-performed and in line with our development strategies. Such approaches were proven effective as our key product, Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavored Noodles Xx[r , became the second favorite flavored noodles in China. Overall operating income from instant noodles soared by 67.3% compared to the corresponding period last year and hit its peak. We also introduced the second key product at the right time, Braised Meat Flavored Noodlesn , which is hoped to be another driving force of the instant noodles business. The enhancement in the product mix of the instant noodles business has led to an outstanding profit of RMB165.1 million in 2011 and created a healthier product structure. Looking forward, we will make further investments into brand building so as to work towards corporate goals and achieve better results.
For the drinks business, we recorded a revenue of RMB10,688.6 million in 2011, increased by 21.5% compared with the corresponding period last year. Despite the middling performance of tea drinks due to the sentiment of the operating environment and industry, our juice drinks and milk tea posted satisfactory results, particularly the robust growth of the milk tea business which secures a market share of over 60.2%. The Group will adhere to its key product strategy and develop products which are well-liked by consumers and with high value for money to achieve better operations with an aim to offer quality products and acquire greater profits.
VIGOROUSLY EXPAND PRODUCTION CAPABILITY AND SET UP NEW 
The Group has implemented its plant expansion plan, in which new production bases will be set up in various locations and new production lines will be added to existing production bases to replace obsolete ones. The objective of the plan is to boost overall productivity and it is anticipated that the Group will enter into a stage of rapid capacity expansion in 2012 and 2013.
The introduction of new production lines with advanced technology will relieve the problem of capacity shortage, long transport distance and delivery time control.

Even with the uncertainties of the global economy, it is expected that the Chinese economy will be able to sustain a steady growth under the national policy of stimulating internal demand. The government s constant efforts in narrowing the gap between urban and rural areas will bring about structural changes to the consumption market, and the rising disposal income per capita will offer tremendous development opportunities for the fast-moving consumer goods, food, beverages and retailing 
Under the guidance of the Twelve Five-Year Plan, the four East-West corridors and four North-South corridors of the high- speed rail network will significantly reduce travel distance and time, thereby expanding the one-day living circle . The top six special economic zones will steer the country s economic development by spreading their economic influence over other 
By taking a pragmatic attitude towards its development, the Group will observe the direction of government policies and focus on developing its target markets. It is believed that with a progressive development of our market presence, together with our popular products and excellent product mix, we will be able to generate higher operating income and profit.
GOALS AND STRATEGIES The operating goals of the Company are to bring shareholders value to a maximum and constantly offer quality and well- received products to consumers. We will adhere to the following key principles in our long-term growth strategies: 1. To become a leading global enterprise by showing care and concern: In our goal of developing globally, we aim at integrating into local communities by paying extra attention in localising our operations and showing our care and concern about enhancing the prosperity and development of local economies.

2. To please our customers and stay ahead of the industry: We emphasise on adapting to local operating environments with high flexibility and establishing an effective system for handling customer feedbacks. By bearing the idea of putting customers first in our marketing objectives, we devote considerable resources to satisfy the demand of end consumers.
3. To inherit and maintain the core values of the corporation: We believe that some important virtues are necessary in our acts: be honest, work hard, be innovative, dare to change, be optimistic and positive, have a good attitude and be harmonious. We also treasure our following corporate values: be strong, be fair, think positive, stay humble, be considerate, think well, be upright, respect what we do, share happiness and be thankful for the society.
4. To recruit local talents to form operation teams with a global perspective: We hire local talents and cultivate them to exhibit their edges for contributing to the Group. We require our operation teams to possess global perspectives and visions and the expertise in global operations.
5. To establish an operating and management system which stresses product quality and safety: The first priority in our operating focus is to provide consumers with quality and safe products by closely monitoring our production and supply chain.

The sustainable development of the Company rides on the staunch support and concerted efforts of different parties.
On behalf of the board of directors, I herby extend my sincere gratitude to our clients, suppliers, business partners and shareholders for their full support and to our staff for their dedications and contributions over the past year.

27 March 2012 
