CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Amid the global fi nancial tsunami in 2009, the Chinese government has demonstrated its great courage, as well as a magnifi cant and generous manner, by investing RMB4 trillion in domestic infrastructure construction and the expansion of domestic demand. It has stimulated private investment and realized the target of an 8.7% GDP growth in 2009, while sustained a stable economic growth. Looking into 2010, China s economy will show a vigorous drive and continue to grow at a steady pace.
Uni-President China Holdings Limited ( Uni-President China Holdings or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) has made a concerted effort to improve the product mix, strengthen human resources training and initiate a consolidation at the basic sale channel. In 2009, the Group recorded revenue of RMB9,108.6 million. During the year under review, gross profi t increased by 14.6% to RMB3,616.7 million and gross profi t margin rose to 39.7% from 34.1% of the previous year. The overall profi t increased by 105.0% compared with last year, and reached RMB704.9 million. These results proved once again that the management team of Uni-President China Holdings has consistently adhered to its steady operation policy, demonstrating its ability of tackling the crisis and overcoming the challenge. We will continue to focus on further developing our core business of food products and expanding our business in China in an optimistic and yet prudent approach.
Uni-President China Holdings has enjoyed a sound fi nancial condition, well-defi ned core competitive advantages and proven management capabilities. During the year of 2009, we continued to implement the policy of further developing the market, improving the product mix, optimizing the human resources, strengthening the management capability and enhancing the competitiveness as a whole. Details are summarized as follows: Optimizing the organizational and operational model and further developing the 
In 2009, based on our original provincial management model, we have further re-divided our nationwide operation into a greater number of smaller regional sales units according to several criteria, such as population, GDP and income per capita of each province. Due to the differences of each market, the sales units were then further divided for the sake of appropriate planning of the sales organization and the structure of channels, developing specialty products, enhancing competitiveness and capturing a better market share according to the characteristics of each local market.
Centralization of resources for focused development Signature products of the Group have been selected as the focus of developing economies of scale. The 1 plus 1 program for instant noodles, for example, was launched and marketing resources were effectively applied on one nationwide major promoting product, accompanied with one regional product addressing the local taste. Thus, resources were able to centralize to promote highly competitive products with the advantage of economies of scale.

A phased plan is necessary to strive for a nationwide leading position in a comprehensive way in a big country like China. We chose to implement the strategic layout of creating a regional advantage so as to adapt to local conditions.
Competitive municipal sales bases were built up fi rst to form regions with dominance, differentiating us from our competitors. With these as the bases of expanding into surrounding regions, the infl uence of the products was extended to neighbouring cities and towns. The products were then widely distributed to the surrounding villages and towns. Chinese cities with the population of over one million have been included into the list for key long-term development so as to deliver the effects of centralization of resources.
Expansion of the layout of our core business and strengthen our market position 
In 2009, we continued the development strategy of shifting instant noodle products to the mid and high end market. In respect of the product mix adjustment initiated since the second half of 2008, about 100 competitive key products in line with the development strategy have been selected from a total of approximately 260 product items for the purpose of focused operation. Since 2009, this policy, accompanying with the 1+1 program, has delivered remarkable results. The revenue in the second half of 2009 increased by 22.6% compared with the same period in the previous year. Annual gross margin increased signifi cantly from 21.6% of 2008 to 29.6%. The product mix of instant noodles has been improved tremendously after the item screening adjustment. In 2010, the Group will continue to invest in branding with a view to improve its results further and develop in the expected direction.
In connection with beverage products, under the strategy of sustaining superior quality, new products were introduced in a timely manner in the second half of 2009 to cater consumers preference to new products and tastes.
Also, the Group has successfully launched new products, including iced jasmine tea and Assam milk tea, in the second half of the year for different groups of customers. Although some products are still under small-scale market tests in different regions or key cities, they will be marketed throughout China under phased planning in the future.
In 2009, the beverage sector recorded total revenue of RMB6,926.9 million. Gross profi t margin rose from 38.4% in the previous year to 42.9%. Due to the fall of costs of raw materials, market competition has been more intense and manufacturers have enhanced marketing efforts accordingly. The revenue of tea and fruit juices has been affected in the fi rst half of the year. After prompt adjustments to the strategy in response to the market, the earnings of ready-to- drink tea achieved a double-digit growth in the second half of the year. In respect of fruit juice beverage, recoveries have been seen in the sales of many areas in the second half of the year. The multi-item sales and display of the More brand of orange juice accompanied by grape juice and peach juice have helped to meet the demand trends of diversifi ed tastes of consumers.

Active expansion of the production capacity in China and the construction of headquarters building in China The Group has initiated a substantial expanding investment plan in the second half of the year, with a focus on the expansion of production capacity of beverage products, which includes the expansion of production lines in existing plants, the replacement of less-effi cient and old production lines and the establishment of new plants in sales regions where supply gaps exist. Capital expenditure amounted to RMB578.5 million.
We expect that, due to the continuous expansion of the Chinese market, the production capacity controlled by the Group will be enhanced after the new factories and production lines are put into operation in due course, and will be able to response more quickly to the sales demand of the local areas. We will establish a closer cooperation relationship with our OEM partners. More production bases with increased fl exibilities will be set up across the 
Safeguarding food safety and the establishment of a modern safety inspection 
In 2008, despite the reported melamine incident, Uni-President China Holdings adhered to the business philosophy of placing utmost importance on product quality and safety and implemented the idea in its daily safety management, as well as the inspection of the infl ow and outfl ow of goods. In the food safety crisis, the Group was able to sustain the image as a manufacturer of high quality, safe and reliable products.
In the end of 2009, the Hainan Industry and Commerce Administration announced the level of sulphur dioxide of the Group s peach juice products under the More brand exceeded the stipulated limit according to tests not in compliance with standard procedures, which was in violation of its administrative functions and powers. Afterwards, the administrative authority remedied the said announcement in accordance with the law, and the media also published clarifying reports for Uni-President China Holdings.
This has refl ected the implementation and efforts put in by the Group in respect of quality control and food safety.
Also, it has demonstrated the sound crisis management mechanism amid the food crisis, which enabled the Group to communication with the government, the media and consumers effectively and quickly.
Staff training and development of management team The Group has in place a comprehensive range of training courses designed for staff from basic rankings up to the corporate management levels, providing preliminary and promotional on-the-job training in a systematic way to assist our staff to perform their best in their positions and contribute to our performance.
In order to ensure the management team is able to provide new and creative ideas, in addition to in-house training and internal promotion, experienced talents from the market were hired for the management at all levels to speed up the growth of the organization.

Vision for the future The growth momentum of China will continue to unroll in 2010. Uni-President China Holdings will adhere to its established business philosophy: to provide safe, healthy and enjoyable products for consumers and to maximize 
In 2010, we expect to face two major challenges. The fi rst one is the global climate anomalies, which affects various aspects from production, transportation to sales. It will pose tests on our abilities in planning and fl exible operation.
The second one is the rising prices of oil and raw materials, which is also a test on our ability in pricing. Our team will be prepared for challenges in a prudent approach to achieve even better results.
Leveraging on our core techniques, we will continue to launch more prime products in 2010 to meet consumers demand for goods with higher quality. We will sustain our sound operations in fi nancial aspects and focus on investing in our own core business. We will continue to further strengthen the basic sales channel, enhance the operational capacity of the second and third-tier markets, enlarge the market share and improve the profi tability of beverage products and secure regional advantages of instant noodles so as to deliver better results with concerted efforts of all 
Thanks to the support and efforts of all parties, the Company has been able to attain a sustainable growth. On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express our sincere thanks for the continuous support from our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders, and in particular, I would like to express our gratitude to our staff for their efforts and contributions over 2009.

23 April 2010 