CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In spite of the adversity brought by the complicated domestic and international political and economic environments as well as frequent natural disasters, the overall economic development of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) remained positive in 2010 as the PRC central government has reinforced and perfected its macro-economic control, thereby effectively strengthened the country s resistance to the global financial crisis. Gross domestic product (GDP) for the year reached RMB39,798.3 billion, 10.3% higher than that of last year. The per capita disposable income of urban residents for the year increased by 11.3% to RMB19,000. As a result, the PRC took the place of Japan in the second quarter as the second largest economy in the world. Looking forward, we expect that the PRC will continue to grow rapidly, generate enormous purchasing power and exert increasing influence over the world economy, and we believe this represents a great opportunity for the development of the fast-moving consumer goods industries.
2010 was an extraordinary year. The world turned the spotlight to the World Expo in Shanghai, China. While the major economies around the globe are still struggling for recovery, the Chinese market has already regained its momentum due to improved domestic consumption. Following 18 years of market expansion, the Group achieved a revenue of over RMB10 billion for the first time at the end of September 2010, with a record-breaking annual revenue of RMB12,590.8 million. Nevertheless, due to a continual surge in raw material prices, profit before taxation decreased to RMB682.5 million.
Notwithstanding the merciless market competition and persistent rise in raw material prices and labour cost, Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. ( Uni-President China Holdings or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group or we or us ) is confident that it will be able to overcome such challenges with its effective operation and optimised product mix.
Guided by the principle that fortune favors the brave, the operation team of the Group adhered to our unique development strategy and undertook an operational reform that has spanned three years. In contrast to the previous extensive operation which focused on a regional perspective, our marketing activities have become more sophisticated with the adoption of differentiated and specific marketing strategy for each unique market division. Initially launched in Guangdong and supported by its product quality and promotional effort, our new product, Assam Milk Tea, helped our milk tea stage a comeback as the top brand in the market. After two years of successful implementation of the instant noodles product mix adjustment, competitive key products in line with our development strategy have been selected from all the existing product items and kept for the purpose of focused operation, and the instant noodles business took on a new look and brought our instant noodles back to the stage of competition among major brands. Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage noodles became the hit products of the Company and ranked among the most favored noodles flavours in the PRC market.
Constant dropping wears a stone. Effective establishment and smooth running of the overall operating system are both vital to the sustainable and healthy growth of the Group. Our efforts begin with the recruitment of talents and our hiring decisions are made based solely on an individual s ability. We recruit external and local candidates of high calibre and promote talents from within so as to deploy suitable persons for appropriate tasks. The focus of our structural reform in 2011 will be to enhance cross-department cooperation and synergy, as well as enhance our execution effectiveness, speed and accuracy. We will continue to speed up the development of our sales channels, focus on building our brand and constantly introduce new products to the market in an active but prudent manner. Leveraging on our coordination ability, we will introduce better and innovative products with Chinese local characteristics one after another in the future.
The growth of an enterprise is built on the support of consumers. Consistent with our long-established corporate and social responsibility, the Group persists in strengthening our research and development capacity with an aim to offer more quality products to consumers. Starting from 2010, the Group has been continuing and will continue to expand our investment in the PRC each year. We believe world-class state-of-the-art production lines coupled with scientifically planned modern factories will meet rising market demand while benefiting regional economic development by creating jobs after being put into 
Reciprocation has always been our motto. Yushu, Qinghai and Zhouqu, Gansu were successively hit by natural disasters and suffered great loss of lives and damages to properties. The Group acted immediately and expressed the condolence of all our staff. Unity is strength and a friend in need is a friend indeed. Support from and concern for the community are important to the development of an enterprise. A good and ethical corporate image could only be built by duly taking up social responsibility.
Feather by feather a goose can be plucked. Thus, while enjoying our current successes with a humble attitude, we will also review our operational defects. The coming year will mark the beginning of the Twelve Five-Year Plan and is a period which we believe will offer plenty of opportunities. We believe the consumption pattern will change significantly as the income inequality between urban and rural areas narrows. We believe the constant increase in per capita disposable income will also bring enormous room for development to the retail sector. According to the Twelve Five-Year Plan, the four east-west and four north- south high speed railways will greatly reduce the temporal and spatial distance between regions, while the daily living circle will be widened bit by bit. Six major special economic zones will enhance and expand the dimension of economic development.
In this coming and challenging year, our ability to adapt to and take advantage of the PRC central government s policy of encouraging domestic consumption will be tested.
Staying in the valley shall never get over the hill. We shall turn our focus to the challenging future. Looking forward to 2011, we must continue to progress. We will spare no effort in strengthening the competitiveness of our businesses, building up an international food enterprise by providing quality and diversified products, following our business mission to achieve outstanding performance in three aspects and conduct business fairly while realising our corporate values of honesty, hardwork, innovation and perfection.

29 March 2011 