CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2015, the growth of Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) continued to slow down.
The GDP growth rate declined to 6.9% as compared with the same period last year, indicating that the slowdown of economic growth has become a new norm. The food and beverage industry continues to undergo structural adjustment. Development of existing products has generally slowed down or has begun to decline. In contrast, the innovated and upgraded new products have risen and lead the industry s development. Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (together, the Group ) will continue to adjust the product structure to grasp the trend of consumers demand, and take the new round of opportunities in the food and beverage industry to develop a new setup based on innovative researches and brand-building 
The Group operates on solid ground with steady finance, strong core competitiveness and good business management ability, and maintains the notion of Stand Firm, No Rash Nnm .}[ in order to continue to optimize the product and profit portfolios, which have become the most important indicator of assessment for each business department. By enhancing its general organization efficiency and refining its business nature, the Group expects to effectively respond to market changes, expand market size and maximize efficiency in the ever-changing and fast moving consumer goods market. The Group endeavors to achieve the business goals set by the Board of Directors (the Board ) of the Company.
All employees of the Group have united to make efforts to promote the industry with innovative products. In respect of the juice and tea drinks as well as the instant noodles businesses, the Group has outperformed the overall industry in terms of growth. Haizhiyan wmKN , Classmate Xiaoming Tx[ and Soup Daren onTN have driven the Group s revenue growth in 2015 and have effectively improved its profit structure. The Group has recorded a revenue of RMB22,101.9 million and a profit attributable to shareholders of RMB834.5 million in 2015.

In 2015, the entire instant noodles market continued to decline.
In order to look for new opportunities, encourage industry upgrade and create consumer demands, the Group maintains its strategies to encourage the development of medium and high- end instant noodles. In 2015, the Group has recorded a revenue of RMB7,567.4 million on instant noodles, representing a decrease of 4.9% as compared with the same period last year. However, profit saw significant growth amidst the economic downturn due to successful transformation, appropriate adjustment of product structure and decline of raw material prices. Lao Tan Pickled Cabbage and Beef Flavored NoodlesXx[r remained top in sales in China s spicy instant noodles market, while Soup DarenonTN has grasped the trend of young consumers favoring medium and high-end instant noodles, and became the major brand on the market with a price tag over RMB5, recording a revenue of RMB500 million in 2015, and is expected to maintain a two digits growth in 2016. The Group has become the leading enterprise in the market of instant noodles priced above RMB5. In 2015, it continued to launch the fashionable Light Noodle, products with a whole new brand positioning and packaging to provide better choices to the consumers.
In 2015, the Group has recorded a revenue of RMB14,051.1 million on the beverages business, representing an increase of 0.3% as compared with the same period last year. As the overall economy growth is slowing down, the drinks market is also affected, recording an overall market growth of merely 1.2%. Meanwhile, the consumption model is quickly shifting, and the zero-sum competition between existing products and innovative products is significant. Based on the spirit of progress through innovation, the Group has launched two new brands: HaizhiyanwmKN and Classmate Xiaoming Tx[ with strong sales trend amidst the declining market of tea and juice drinks. These two brands generated an aggregated revenue of over RMB2,500 million in 2015, which is distinguished within the drinks industry. This enables the Group to emerge from the low-priced competition in the past and turn a new leaf within the market of medium and high-end 
The Group will continue to develop innovative and high-quality products to satisfy the consumers demand to grasp the opportunities arisen with the transformation of consumers demand.
In 2016, the Group will adhere to its plans for new products development, and continue to launch high-quality differentiated and innovative products in order to solidify the Group s position within the markets of medium and high-end drinks and instant noodles.

Based on the overall performance of the Group in 2015 and taking the surplus, overall financial condition and capital expenditure of the Group into account, the Board will propose a payment of final cash dividend of RMB3.864 cents per share (amounting to a total dividend of RMB166.9 million) for the year ended 31 December 2015 at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

The PRC s economy is expected to continue to slow down in 2016, while the GDP growth remains moderate. The food and beverage market will continue its transformation along with the adjustment of industrial structure. It is expected that the economies of scale and the advantage of low costs will no longer play an important part to the overall operation of corporations, and only corporations with innovations and proper brand management will have the opportunity to stand out from the homogeneous competition of low-priced products. The Group stays positive in the face of this new round of changes, and is optimistic about the development in 2016. The Group will focus on its core competitiveness and leverage on its organizational abilities in innovative development, to grasp the market trend and consumers preference, and to continue developing high-quality innovative products. It will focus its operation in the major markets, satisfying the consumers demands and create reasonable returns for all shareholders.

The stable development of the Group rides on the support and efforts of different parties. On behalf of the Board, I hereby extend my sincere gratitude to our clients, suppliers, business partners, financial institutions and shareholders for their full support, and to our staff for their dedication and contribution over the past year.

18 March 2016 