CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Amid the current steep downturn of the global economy, the three major economies of the world namely the United States, Europe and Japan are all in recession. For the PRC, the measures to stimulate domestic demand put in place by the government has started to yield results, and its GDP is still likely to record growth. We remain optimistic that the market for instant products will have a positive growth generally. Looking into 2009, as the global economy is not expected to turnaround in the near term, and despite the PRC may sustain an economic growth under the government s policies to expand domestic demand, the operation of enterprises will continue to face considerable challenges and adaptation issues.
Every economic crisis is a survival of the fi ttest test for business operations. Those who can adapt and restructure their operation more rapidly will remain and come out of the crisis stronger. Having operated and been exposed to tests in the China market for years, the operation team of Uni-President China Holdings Ltd. ( Uni-President China or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) has gained extensive management experience and has the confi dence to overcome this crisis. Since the third quarter of 2006, the Company has expedited the implementation of internal reforms and commenced a comprehensive restructuring of its operations. Although there are still many rooms for optimization, our improvement effort in the past two years has achieved results as indicated in an elevation of our overall competitiveness gradually. During 2008, under the infl uence of the business environment including the fi nancial crisis, Uni-President China s operation encountered a number of impacts such as exchange loss which was beyond our control and dispute over receivables. As a result, our achievement of expected targets was affected. Nevertheless, our ongoing operation revenue sustained a stable growth on the whole and drove a continuous increase in our operational gross profi t.
Uni-President China now enjoys a solid foundation, sound fi nancial condition, core competitive advantages and robust operation and management capabilities. To achieve the operational targets set up by the board of directors of the Company, in 2009, we will seek to capture opportunities that may arise during this extraordinary fi nancial crisis. We will also expand our market through the optimization of our organizational capability. To this end, we will accelerate internal restructuring, continually optimize our human resources and operation, improve product mix and enhance management and internal control. We are also implementing a more proactive appraisal and job rotation system to lift the quality and competitiveness of our staff. Meanwhile, in preparation for market opportunities after the crisis, we will integrate internal resources more effectively and allocate more resources to the construction of our production base and to investments. The following is a summary of our missions for 2009: Further restructuring of our organization and operations In order to enhance the service capability of our operation units and to facilitate a better alignment of our products with customers preferences, we have been implementing an organizational restructuring program since 2007. We have set our targets in the program as to further develop the PRC market, construct effective sales platforms and enhance our service capability. At the same time, we have also implemented a business unit profi t center system to enhance the operation capability of our product segments.

In reviewing of the restructuring taken place during the two years of 2007 and 2008, the Company has not only achieved expected targets in organizational restructuring, but also made sustaining and solid progress in its business, and improved its profi tability substantially.
Looking forward to 2009, we will continue to implement the restructuring of our organization and operation as planned and enhance our core competitiveness. Our aim is to have our various operation functions attaining a professional and systematic management standard in our future operation.
Continual operational improvement and enhancing our capability In 2008, revenue of the Group reached RMB9,241.6 million, representing an increase of approximately 6.8% over that of 2007. Due to product mix adjustment, revenue of instant noodle only amounted to RMB2,255.0 million, decreasing approximately 7.8% from 2007. The revenue of beverage was RMB6,940.3 million, representing an increase of approximately 13.0% when compared to 2007. The revenue of other business was RMB46.3 million, falling approximately 32.2% from 2007.
Affected by negative impacts such as one-off provisions, the overall profi t of the Group in 2008 decreased by 18.9% from 2007 to RMB343.8 million. Although the prices of many raw materials start declining in 2009 due to the fi nancial crisis, and the gross margin structure of various segments have improved, such external factor cannot be relied on in the long run. As such, we will still take the continual optimization of product and profi t as the most important indicator for the performance appraisal of various segments. We will also control our cost more strictly and incorporate cost control into performance appraisal throughout the Group as a measure to improve operation and further enhance our 
Strengthening market position and expanding market A full-scale product mix adjustment was conducted in the instant noodle business unit to optimize its operational structure in the long run. The result of such adjustment can be seen since the fourth quarter of 2008 as the operation result and profi t of the business unit have been moving in the direction we expected. Leveraging on our core techniques, we will launch more prime products at appropriate times in 2009 to meet consumers demand for higher 
Tea products segment continued to improve its products in 2008. We increased our exposure in nation-wide and local TV and online media. We adhered to the building of brand value and awareness through extensive interaction with target customer groups and penetration into the massive market of second and third tier cities in the PRC.
On the basis of achieving a substantial increase of market share in 2008, we will continue our effort to increase the market share and to increase the profi t of our tea products in 2009.

The operation of juice products started to rebound during the second half of 2008, and the refi nement of More brand of orange juice (YjY) was well received by the market. Under our diversifi cation strategy, our More brand of peach juice (ChY) has gained a leading position in both fi rst and second tier cities in the PRC. During 2008, we introduced 100% tomato juice in major coastal cities to satisfy the needs of health-conscious consumers. For 2009, we will continue our product diversifi cation strategy and launch more juice products to accelerate market expansion and channel establishment.
For packed water, its product mix and profi t structure had improved in 2008 resulting in a turnaround from previous loss. Looking forward, we will introduce products with higher quality to meet the demand for quality of consumers in cities. The operation of milk tea and coffee has been stable with slight improvement in 2008. We will continue refi ning quality and product mix with the aim of achieving an even better result in 2009. As the GDP per capita of Guangdong Province in southern China has broken through the USD3,000 level, a fundamental change in consumption pattern will emerge and the demand for refrigerated products will increase gradually. We will remain focused in the operation of refrigerated products segment in Guangdong.

The business goal of Uni-President China is to provide safe, healthy and enjoyable products for consumers and to maximize shareholders value . The following key principles will serve as the foundation for our long term growth 
1. To become a domestic model enterprise through love and care: To become a localized enterprise operating in harmony with the society and environment. To promote prosperity and development of the local economy through love and care.
2. Create competitive advantages using our existing network: Our portfolio of products targets specifi c markets and our various distribution channels have come together to form unique networks complementing our operations. With such synergy, the Group should be able to create 
3. Customer satisfaction comes fi rst: We will continue to be responsive to changes in market conditions. We have established an effective customer feedback channel for gathering fi rst hand customer information to implement our customer-oriented marketing 
4. Propagation and maintenance of core corporate values: We observe the values of being honest, diligent, innovative, proactive and healthy; these have become the benchmarks for our behaviour and conduct. We should be strong, upright, cheerful, humble, selfl ess, sincere and morally-committed, show respect to our profession, have team spirit and always express our gratitude to 
5. Optimal mix of local talent and international management: We select and cultivate local talent in order to maximize and make use of its ability, whilst internationalizing our operations team, which must be competent in international management.
6. A strategy-and-quality-focused operational management system: We will adhere to the vision of setting a leading strategy and placing utmost importance on product quality. We will closely monitor internal and external growth opportunities related to our core operations, and consolidate and expand our market.

Thanks to the support and efforts from our stakeholders, the Company has been able to attain sustainable growth over the years. On behalf of the board of directors of the Company, I would like to express our sincere thanks for the generous support from our customers, suppliers, business partners and shareholders, and in particular, I would like to express our gratitude to our staff for their efforts and contributions over the past year.

16 April 2009 