Chairman s Statement 
For Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries, the financial year ended March 31, 2015 was a year full of transformative progress. The Group further strengthened its role as Alibaba Group s healthcare platform and under the government s development guidelines, the Group made meaningful strides in promoting the implementation of the drug product identification, authentication and tracking system ( Drug PIATS ) in China. The Group also launched various strategic initiatives to work towards its goal of building a healthcare network to connect participants in China s healthcare industry.
While in compliance with the instruction and supervision of relevant government departments, the Group continued to promote the implementation of the Drug PIATS further developing our technical know-how and governance systems to strengthen data security of the Drug PIATS. The Group has also been exploring ways to create greater value for regulators and enterprises through the Drug PIATS s value-added services. The Group believes that serving as a core system for information sharing for the pharmaceutical industry, the Drug PIATS will play an important role to not only increase the overall efficiency of pharmaceutical industry participants but also to reduce costs in the pharmaceutical supply chain. In the future, the Group plans to strengthen the infrastructure, expand the application and increase the security of the Drug PIATS. The Group plans to work with the relevant government departments to broaden the use of the Drug PIATS and ensure it will serve as a booster of robust and sustainable growth of China s healthcare industry.
A few factors have contributed to the favorable operating environment for the Group: as reform of the healthcare industry progresses, the market and enterprises have been provided more leeway for development under the support of China s government s policies and initiatives. In addition, increasing household income and an aging population will continue to drive demand for healthcare services and products. Internet, big data applications and new technologies have ignited the potential of addressing the needs of the healthcare industry with specialized tailor-made solutions. With these factors as a backdrop, the Group has invested substantial resources in exploring innovative online solutions for China s healthcare systems. For example, the Group established the Alibaba Health cloud hospital platform and launched the Alibaba Health (Alijk) mobile application to connect consumers with offline retail pharmacies (Online and Offline Pharmacy Platform). The Group aspires to build a network that connects healthcare services providers, insurance companies, third party medical service providers, manufacturers, and distributors. We plan to utilize cloud computing and data analytics and in-depth learning technologies to further grow our business nationwide and to help us ascertain the areas in which we can deliver the best healthcare user experience to the public.
Despite the challenges faced by the Group in the development of its business models given the relatively complicated policy environment and high entry barriers of our businesses, we are confident that by virtue of our experience and resources, we can unite different industry participants to reach their similar goals. Together we can help better manage healthcare industry resources, improve efficiency of diagnoses and treatment of diseases, pharmaceutical distribution and healthcare management; thereby creating value for society, the public and our shareholders.
Our entire staff will strive to generate sustainable returns for our shareholders with our long-term vision, advanced technical skills, innovative concepts, and highly efficient business operation systems. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, product users, government authorities and our staff for their long and unwavering 
