Chairman s Statement 
During the financial year ended March 31, 2016, Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) actively responded to various challenges while continuing to expand its business model to consolidate its role as the healthcare flagship of Alibaba Group Holding Limited ( Alibaba Group ). The efforts made by the Group to build its team and corporate culture during the year also importantly laid the foundation for further development of the Group.
In respect of pharmaceutical e-commerce business, the Group has continued to optimize its Alibaba Health mobile application to connect consumers with offline retail pharmacies, and is cooperating with offline pharmacies in locations including Beijing, Hangzhou, and Linyi to provide local drug delivery services to community residents. The Group will further capitalize on its strengths in Internet and data technology to help offline pharmacies introduce network hospital telemedicine services to provide an enhanced pharmacy service experience. These measures are aimed at helping pharmacies transform into healthcare centers for community residents, and may even enable pharmacies to serve as a new entry point for tiered medical services.
Using Internet, cloud computing and other technologies to help medical institutions build up integrated regional medical service networks has been a beneficial business model initiative of the Group. The Group and the Central Hospital of Wuhan s cooperated network hospital pioneered the provision of a comprehensive medical services experience to villagers at Rural Taobao points in Hubei Province. Remote registration, video conference consultation, electronic prescription issuance and local delivery of drugs have been well received by local villagers. This model helps alleviate the problem of uneven distribution of medical resources between urban and rural areas, and fulfil the growing pharmaceutical and healthcare needs of the rural populace.
Alibaba Health strives to become a medical big data platform company through in-depth cooperation with regional medical service networks. Capitalizing on the revolutionary trend of using Internet and intellectual technologies, we are looking to optimize the allocation of medical services resources across different levels and areas in China s medical industry while enhancing the service efficiency of medical institutions at the same time. We believe that these trends and changes will create huge social and commercial 
In respect of our work on drug tracking systems, on one hand, the Group continues to operate the Drug PIATS under the policies and guidance of the China Food and Drug Administration, and on the other hand, the Group has already started to develop a new market- oriented tracking solution to assist enterprises. The x N>e_ (Ma Shang Fang Xin) tracking platform being built by the Group will offer tracking services to enterprises for the full life cycle of their products.
Investments, mergers and acquisitions have been important to the Group s business expansion. In March 2016, the Group announced it would invest RMB225 million for a 25% interest in Wanliyun Medical Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (,BvOo ybSN gPlQS) ( Wanliyun ). The Group believes that, through its investment in Wanliyun, it will be able to participate in the business of providing cloud computing-enabled remote healthcare imaging services, which will assist it to further connect participants in China s healthcare market.
With the further implementation of China s pharmaceutical and healthcare reforms, market opportunities in the sector will continue to grow. The increase in resident income and the aging population will continue to drive increasing demand for pharmaceutical and healthcare services and products. The Internet, application of big data and new technologies will provide more solutions to satisfy the demands of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry. Despite the fact that the policy environment of the pharmaceutical and healthcare industry is relatively complicated, and though we face many challenges in the development of our business models, we are confident that, with our experience and resources, we can unite healthcare industry participants to improve resource management, to increase efficiencies in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases and pharmaceutical distribution, and to create greater value for our society, the public and our shareholders.
Our entire staff will strive to generate sustainable returns for our shareholders through our long-term vision, advanced technologies, innovative concepts, and efficient business operation systems. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, product users, and all of our staff for their long and unwavering support.

June 22, 2016 