Chairman s Statement 
In 2009, China s economy has achieved significant growth with the implementation of stimulus policies promulgated by the PRC government and such measures have not only speeded up the pace of the transformation of the structure of China s economy but also offered great opportunities for the Company s business development. Leveraging on such opportunities, the management team and the staff of our Group have taken the initiatives in extending the business scope with concerted effort.
The promotion of the Product Identification, Authentication, Tracking System ( PIATS ) has been well recognized and supported by relevant governmental departments. The e-surveillance of all types of drugs in the Basic Medicine Catalogue has been listed as a focus in the Medical Reform 2010, and this implies that PIATS dedicatedly developed by the Company will play a more important role in China s Medical System Reform. Such a development will further improve the medical market environment of China and consolidate the Group s leading position in the medical information service sector. The management team and the staff of the Group will make the best effort to work closely with all the government authorities at different levels to achieve such target, and to establish and strengthen the present optimum customer relationship with medical enterprises through the tracking system services in order to build up a solid foundation for extending the scope of application of informatization services.
Honglian 95, a jointly controlled entity of the Group, has consolidated its position in the mobile and telecommunication value-added services industry. Over the last year, the Company actively extended its business targeting at call centres and 3G value-added services, which is expected to generate stable revenue in the future.
Despite the impact of the financial crisis to the export of China last year, the business of Dongfang Customs under the Group s investment still provided us with good return.
The business development of PIATS, Honglian 95 and Dongfang Customs were all in line with the target of establishing an integrated information service platform with leading position. We will step up our effort in studying and understanding the needs of the society in various aspects, further enhancing the quality of our management and services and attaining the greatest economic and social efficiency, in order to make contribution to the information technology of the society.
The entire staff of the Group will strive to generate sustainable returns for our shareholders with our long-term vision, advanced technology and highly efficient business operations. I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, investment institutions, the government authorities and our staff for their unswerving support.

