Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the 20102011 Annual Report to shareholders.
FINAL RESULTS For the financial year ended 30th June, 2011, the Group s net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$5,436.5 million, representing an increase of 65.3% compared with HK$3,287.2 million in the last financial year. Excluding revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of HK$3,165.8 million, the underlying net profit from operations was HK$2,270.7 million, an increase of 16.5% compared with HK$1,948.0 million in the last financial year.
The turnover of the Group for the financial year 20102011 was HK$6,010.3 million (20092010: HK$7,776.5 million).
Earnings per share was HK$3.64, an increase of 63.2% when compared with HK$2.23 in the last financial year.
DIVIDENDS The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 35 cents per share in respect of the financial year ended 30th June, 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 4th November, 2011. Together with the interim dividend of 10 cents per share, the total dividend for the full financial year is 45 cents per share.
The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 28th October, 2011; and (2) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.
A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be despatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 14th November, 2011. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates will be despatched to shareholders on or about 9th 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The operations under Sino Land Company Limited ( Sino Land ) represent a substantial portion of the operations of the Group as a whole. As at 30th June, 2011 Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited (the Company ) had 49.7% interest in Sino Land. Therefore, for discussion purposes, we have focused on the operations of Sino Land.
To celebrate Sino Land s 30th anniversary of listing on the stock exchange in Hong Kong, the Directors of Sino Land propose a bonus issue of shares on the basis of one new ordinary share for every ten ordinary shares held. The bonus issue of shares is subject to approval at the Sino Land s Annual General Meeting and to the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares being granted by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sino Land s total revenue from property sales for the financial year ended 30th June, 2011, including property sales of associates attributable to Sino Land, was HK$9,290.0 million, representing an increase of 91.6% when compared with last financial year (20092010: HK$4,848.6 million).
Total revenue from property sales of Sino Land comprises mainly the sales of residential units in projects completed during the financial year 20102011 as well as those completed in previous financial years. Projects completed in the financial year 20102011 were The Hermitage and Maison Ros. Market responses to the sales of the units in these two projects were robust with over 99.0% of the total units sold in The Hermitage and all of the units in Maison Ros completely sold out. With regard to projects completed in previous financial years, these mainly included The Palazzo, The Balmoral, Goodwood Park, Lake Silver, One New York, The Dynasty and Vision City. Contributions from property sales, including property sales of associates attributable to Sino Land, was HK$3,240.7 million, representing an increase of 56.8% when compared with the previous financial year (20092010: HK$2,066.6 million).
Sino Land will continue to seek for good opportunities to launch new projects for sale in order to enhance shareholders value.
During the financial year 20102011, Sino Land completed four projects with a total attributable gross floor area of over 1.2 million square feet. Details of the completed projects are presented in the table below: 
Gross Floor Area 
1. The Hermitage, 1 Hoi Wang Road, South West Kowloon, 
2. Sino International Plaza 137 Wu Xi Lu, 
Commercial 100% 499,158 3. 18 Kowloon East, 18 Wang Chiu Road, 
Commercial 50% 174,310 4. Maison Ros 270 Cheung Sha Wan Road, 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
As at 30th June, 2011, Sino Land has a land bank of approximately 40.6 million square feet of attributable gross floor area comprising a balanced portfolio of properties of which 64.3% is residential; 24.0% commercial; 5.3% industrial; 3.6% car parks and 2.8% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 28.1 million square feet consist of properties under development, 11.7 million square feet of properties for investment own use and 0.8 million square feet of properties held for sale. Sino Land will continue to selectively replenish its land bank, both in Hong Kong and Mainland China, to optimise its earnings potential.
During the financial year 20102011, Sino Land was awarded the development rights of a site from Urban Renewal Authority of Hong Kong mainly for residential development. Details of project are as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
Fuk Tsun StreetPine Street, Tai Kok Tsui, 
Subsequent to the financial year ended 30th June, 2011, Sino Land together with two joint venture partners successfully acquired a plot of land located in Shatin in a government land auction held on 9th August, 2011. The site will be used for residential development. Details of the site are shown as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
Shatin Area 56A, Kau To (Site A), 
Residential 40% 412,588 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sino Land expects to complete a total of seven projects with an attributable gross floor area of over 1.1 million square feet in the financial year ending 30th June, 2012. Details of the projects are shown below: 
Gross Floor Area 
1. Providence Bay 
Pak Shek Kok, 
Residential 35% 250,072 2. One Mayfair 1 Broadcast Drive, 
Residential 100% 196,592 3. Providence Bay 
Pak Shek Kok, 
Residential 25% 187,447 4. Providence Bay 
Pak Shek Kok, 
5. Baker Residences 
6. Chengdu International Community Xipu Zhen, Pi Xian, Jin Niu District, 
7. Le Sommet West Side of Jia He Lu & North of Song Bai Zhong Lu, 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Property Development (Continued) Subsequent to the financial year ended 30th June, 2011, the Occupation Permit for Baker Residences was issued by the Building Authority of the HKSAR Government in July 2011.
Sino Land will continuously improve its developments and services through stringent quality control, and applying environmentally friendly features and facilities to enhance the lifestyles of residents and tenants. Environmental sustainability is an important guiding principle in Sino Land s project development. Efforts to reduce carbon emissions, use more sustainable materials, apply energy efficient designs and layouts as well as employ environmentally friendly landscaping, fixture and fittings are encouraged and 
Sino Land s gross rental revenue, including attributable share from associates, was HK$2,642.4 million for the financial year ended 30th June, 2011, representing an increase of 10.2% compared with HK$2,396.9 million in the last financial year. The increase in rental revenue was mainly due to higher rental rates on renewals and new leases, as well as improvements in occupancy levels of the existing rental portfolio. Full rental contributions are also expected for financial year 20112012 from Sino International Plaza in Fuzhou and Olympian City 3, which were completed in financial year 
Leasing markets for retail, office and industrial sectors in Hong Kong have been active throughout the year and are gaining momentum with both occupancy and rental rates on an upward trend.
The retail sector in Hong Kong has grown strongly primarily due to economic growth in Hong Kong, Mainland China and other parts of Asia.
Improving economic environment, as reflected by a favourable job market, rises in income and increase in household formation, has driven domestic consumption. The economic growth in Mainland China and other parts of Asia together with the strengthening of Renminbi and other major Asian currencies against the Hong Kong dollar have further stimulated inbound visitor arrivals, benefiting a spectrum of retail businesses. Given the overall business condition, the prospects of retail sector are encouraging. Sino Land s shopping malls including Tuen Mun Town Plaza, Olympian City, Citywalk and Citywalk 2 are set for further growth.
The office sector in Hong Kong continues to show good growth in terms of absorption and rental rates as new companies set up their offices, together with existing companies expanding their business operations and headcount due to economic growth. The capital market fund-raising activities done during the period under review have also increased the demand for quality office. As Sino Land owns a number of office-cum-retail buildings in the prime locations and among them include The Centrium, Tsim Sha Tsui Centre, China Hong Kong City, Skyline Tower and Exchange Tower, combined with Sino Land s ongoing asset enhancement initiatives, it is well positioned to capitalise on the uptrend of the office market.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Rental Activities (Continued) The continuous growth of trade in both Hong Kong and Mainland China and the increase in consumption of a wide range of consumer products have induced industrial investment activities, pushing demand for industrial space to a higher level. These factors are positive to Sino Land s industrial buildings.
The HKSAR Government s incentives to convert the industrial buildings into office use will not only be conducive to balance the demand and supply in the sector but they also revitalise the existing industrial buildings and surrounding areas. Sino Land will continue to review and assess the feasibility of its industrial buildings that are qualified under the scheme whenever 
As at 30th June, 2011, Sino Land has approximately 11.7 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of completed properties for investmentown use. Of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 65.1%, industrial developments 13.9%, car parks 12.4%, hotels 6.1%, and residential 2.5%. Sino Land expects to complete a total of approximately 2.0 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of investment properties in the next few years. These new investment properties will further strengthen Sino Land s recurrent income base.

The Fullerton Hotel Singapore and The Fullerton Bay Hotel Supported by the resurgence of the Asian economies, the improving business environment in the region and the opening of a number of new attractions in Singapore, namely Resorts World Sentosa and Marina Bay Sands, Singapore s hospitality sector grew impressively in 2010 and the trend continued throughout the first half of calendar year 2011. Visitor arrivals to Singapore increased to 11.6 million in 2010 from 9.6 million in 2009, representing an annual increase of approximately 20.8%. It further increased by 14.9% in the first half of 2011 compared to the corresponding period last year. Both The Fullerton Hotel and The Fullerton Bay Hotel have benefited from the positive market conditions and they yielded good financial and operating results for the financial year ended 30th June, 2011. Both hotels received a number of awards from respected organisations and publications in recognition of its 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Conrad Hong Kong 2010 saw an encouraging growth of visitor arrivals of 21.8% to 36.0 million in Hong Kong (2009: 29.6 million). The trend is continuing for the first half of 2011 with visitor arrivals reaching 19.3 million for the first 6 months of 2011, representing an increase of 14.7% year-on-year. The growth was mainly due to rise in income and wealth in Mainland China and neighbouring countries; strengthening of Renminbi and certain other Asian currencies against Hong Kong dollar; and growing interests in visiting Hong Kong from other markets, namely South Korea, Russia and India. The high level of capital market activities in Hong Kong during the year also stimulated the demand for business conferences and events. Benefiting from the growth of tourism and business environment, the financial and operating results of Conrad Hong Kong were favourable for the financial year 20102011 with average room rate, occupancy and gross operating margin growing steadily. During the financial year 20102011, Conrad Hong Kong received a number of awards from respected organisations and publications in recognition of its service quality. Looking forward, hospitality industry in Hong Kong is expected to continue to grow with visitor arrivals being estimated to reach 39.6 million in 
Mainland China Business China, the largest economy in Asia and the second largest in the world based on GDP, recorded resilient growth in 2010 and the trend is expected to continue. It has set in place a system to aim at sustainable economic growth in the years to come. The Central Government s efforts in promoting the regional multi-lateral economic co-operation with its trading partners and East Asian economies will also support prosperity in the region.
Building on the framework and success of The Eleventh Five-Year Plan, The Twelfth Five-Year Plan passed in March this year will set a blueprint for the overall development of China economy in the next five years. As urbanisation continues to speed up, demand for housing and public amenities increases.
The rise in wealth and standards of living will also generate higher upgrading demand for high-quality housing. The policy direction on housing set out in the Plan, under which investment in affordable housing and supply of land for private residential developments will increase, balance the demand and supply of housing as well as cater to demand from various income groups of households and individuals. Other policies on infrastructure developments, transportation network, transformation from a manufacturing-base economy to a service-base economy, broadening of the taxation system, reform of the education system and so forth, bode well for the long-term growth of the economy. With these policies in place, the Plan will help build a more balanced, coordinated and sustainable society.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Mainland China Business (Continued) Sino Land has strengthened its platform of property business in Mainland China. The completion of the development and selling of residential projects, namely One HoneyLake in Shenzhen, Chengdu International Community in Chengdu, Greenfields in Guangzhou as well as Beverly Garden, Colonnades Court and Park Place in Xiamen have built up Sino Land s experience and execution track records in Mainland China. Sino Land s interest in the commercial project Raffles City Shanghai located in the central business area of Shanghai has also established its presence in the city.
As at 30th June 2011, Sino Land s land bank in Mainland China totaled 25.2 million square feet and these projects are in Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing, Zhangzhou, Guangzhou, Xiamen, Fuzhou and Shenzhen. Of this, 24.3 million square feet are projects currently being developed, and the remaining represents completed properties for investment and sale. Approximately 91.0% of the development land bank in Mainland China is for residential developments, the remaining is for commercial and hotel developments.
All the projects are situated in cities with good economic and demographic fundamentals. The major property developments in Chengdu, Chongqing and Zhangzhou will be completed by phases over the next few years when expected profit contributions from these projects will be realised.
Sino Land continues to exercise a focused and selective approach to land bank replenishment and property development in Mainland China that can deliver good shareholder value. The majority of its developments are residential properties, which are built for sale. Commercial portions of sites will be retained mainly for investment purposes. Mainland China is an important market for Sino Land to grow in the medium to long term, Sino Land will continue to seek for attractive sites with good development value in cities with strong economic fundamentals. Sino Land will capitalise on its strengths it has established in Hong Kong and Singapore to execute its property development business in Mainland China and position its products and services as the preferred choice. Sino Land s proven strategy of building quality properties and providing professional after-sales property management services are key to achieving customer satisfaction and we are committed to doing the same for projects in Mainland China.
Other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th June, 2010.

FINANCE As at 30th June, 2011, the Group s gearing ratio was at approximately 18.5%, expressed as a percentage of total borrowings to the total assets. Of the total borrowings, 20.6% was repayable within one year, 34.2% repayable between one and two years and 45.2% repayable between two and five years. The Group, including the attributable share of its associates, had cash resources of approximately HK$20,081.7 million, comprising cash on hand of approximately HK$9,008.0 million together with committed undrawn facilities of approximately HK$11,073.7 million. All the cash on hand is in the form of deposits in banks of high credit ratings.
The majority of the Group s debts are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with the balance in Singapore dollars, mainly used to fund The Fullerton Heritage project in Singapore. Other than the above mentioned, there was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the Group for the financial year ended 30th June, 2011. The majority of the Group s cash are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with a relative small portion of Renminbi denominated deposits. Foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level. The Group has maintained a prudent and sound financial management policy and has not entered into any transaction relating to derivatives andor any other form of accumulators, swap transactions and options.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. With the objective of practicing good corporate governance, the Group has formed Audit, Compliance and Remuneration Committees. Sino Land is committed to maintaining corporate transparency and disseminates information about new developments through various channels, including press releases, its corporate website, results briefings, site visits, participation in non-deal roadshows and investor conferences. In recognition of the outstanding performance of Sino Land s management in corporate governance, Sino Land has been honoured with the Corporate Governance Asia Annual Recognition Awards 2011 by the Corporate 
CUSTOMER SERVICE Sino Land reaffirms its commitment to building quality projects. In keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, Sino Land will wherever possible ensure that attractive design concepts and features, which are also environmentally friendly, are integral elements of its developments.
Management maintains regular reviews of its properties so that improvements can be made on a continuous basis. This helps to build our reputation for the highest standards of quality and service.
Delivering high-quality customer service has long been one of Sino Land s key business objectives. During the financial year 20102011, Sino Property Services received a number of awards from HKSAR Government and other respected organisations in recognition of its quality of service, management capability, contributions to the community and charitable services, and the promotion of environmental protection. Sino Land will continue to make improvements in its quality of service to ensure customer satisfaction.

As a committed corporate citizen, Sino Land has been actively involved in a wide range of community programmes, voluntary services, green initiatives to promote environmental protection, art and cultural events, and staff teambuilding activities. Over the years, Sino Land has been actively supporting and participating in a wide array of charitable fund raising activities and it has been a longstanding supporter of a number of organisations serving the community. In recognition of Sino Land s efforts in supporting voluntary community service, the Hong Kong Council of Social Service awarded Sino Land with a 5 Years Plus Caring Company Logo for 
Sino Land recognises its role in protecting the environment. Efforts have constantly been made through various means to make its properties more environmental friendly through well thought through architectural planning, energy saving and management initiatives. Green Sino Carnival was organised, providing a full range of green activities. On the property management side, facilities to support the government s push for the use of environmental-friendly vehicles have been developed. Further, in response to the trend towards electric vehicles, electric vehicle chargers have been installed at some of Sino Land s car parks and this project will be reviewed and expanded to cover more car parks. A number of awards were also received in the period in recognition of the efforts in environmental 
Believing that art and culture enrich the quality of life and promote creativity, Sino Land introduced the Art in Hong Kong programme in 2006 to provide opportunities for local and international artists to display and promote their work, bringing art into people s daily lives and enhancing public appreciation of various types of art. Sino Land has converted some of its properties into public galleries and provides professional assistance spanning curatorial support, publicity, exhibition design and artwork installation. The programme also organises a wide range of educational activities to enhance people s understanding of art. Over the past years, in recognition of its contribution to the development of local arts, the Hong Kong Arts Development Council honoured Sino Land s Art in Hong Kong with the Award for Arts Sponsorship for the second consecutive year, and the Award for Arts Promotion for the first time.

PROSPECTS Recent global economic environment has seen challenges mainly due to the downgrade of sovereign rating of the US by a rating agency and the debt problems in the Euro zone, that have affected market sentiment in the short- term. The agreement among the policymakers in the US to raise the statutory debt ceiling, and the objective to accomplish a more conservative fiscal policy have relieved market concerns on the financial position of the US Government. In Europe, the debt problems will lead to structural economic and social reforms in the affected countries and restore financial stability in the region. The global economic recovery is expected to continue despite recent volatilities in the market.
China s economic growth is expected to remain steady as a result of positive fundamentals notwithstanding Central Government s monetary tightening efforts and measures as they should be helpful to sustain economic expansion over the medium and long-term. The Twelfth Five-Year Plan, which aims at setting out the directions for a sustainable economic development, will take Chinese economy to a new level. In particular, the plan to impel the new round of western development with Chengdu and Chongqing being the focus of such policy will create additional business opportunities benefiting Sino Land as it has one sizable property development in each of the cities. The housing measures are integral part of the housing reform and social policy in Mainland China that are important to establish a healthy and resilient property market environment. The Plan, together with its policies and measures, will provide good support for future economic development of 
The Hong Kong property market is going through a period of changes that are important to establish a more sustainable framework of a healthy property market. They broadly cover the needs of different income groups.
The home-buyer protection measures introduced in mid-2010 has increased transparency in property transactions. The housing measures stated in the Policy Address in October 2010 help maintain a good balance in demand and supply. The implementation of additional stamp duties and lowering of the loan-to-value ratios in November 2010 help reduce excessive speculative home purchase activity and ensure a healthy mortgage lending business. The housing measures including the introduction of government-initiated land auctions and tender and My Home Purchase Plan in the 2011-12 Budget announced in February 2011 set out a more broad based housing policy to stabilise residential property prices. And the most recently, further restrictions on loan-to-value ratios as credit control management is an extension of previous one implemented earlier on in November 2010. These measures will forestall potential risks in property and banking sectors, helping to build strong economic fundamentals. Hong Kong property market has shown consolidation in the past few months reflecting the impact of the measures by the HKSAR Government to stabilize the property prices and external factors in the US and Euro zone, nevertheless, the market outlook is positive for the medium and long-term.

PROSPECTS (Continued) With GDP rising over several consecutive quarters, improved employment prospects, good income growth, affordable mortgage rates, favourable rental yields on residential properties, increasing marriages and births, increasing availability of development sites due to government initiated auctions and tenders, good external demand from Mainland Chinese, better quality housing with environmentally-friendly features, these are conducive to a healthy growth of the economy and property market of Hong Kong.
Management will strive to optimise earnings; enhance efficiency and productivity; improve the quality of products and services, which will ultimately lead to better served customers. In respect of property development and property management, Sino Land will incorporate more environmentally friendly elements and initiatives in projects. Further, as Sino Land is in a strong financial position, management will continue to be proactive in seeking for expansion of land bank with good development value thereby enhancing shareholders value. Sino Land will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank both in Hong Kong and China, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and profitability.
STAFF AND MANAGEMENT On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
Robert NG Chee Siong 
Hong Kong, 1st September, 2011 