Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the 20112012 Annual Report to shareholders.
FINAL RESULTS For the financial year ended 30th June, 2012, the Group s underlying net profit attributable to shareholders, excluding the effect of fair-value changes on investment properties, was HK$2,685.6 million, an increase of 18.2% from HK$2,270.7 million in the last financial year. Underlying earnings per share was HK$1.764, an increase of 16.0% from last financial year.
The Group s reported net profit attributable to shareholders was HK$4,997.9 million (20102011: HK$5,436.5 million). Earnings per share was HK$3.284 (20102011: HK$3.640). The reported profit for the year included a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of HK$2,312.3 million compared with a revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) of HK$3,165.8 million last financial year.
The turnover of the Group for the financial year 20112012 increased 40.7% to HK$8,461.1 million from HK$6,010.3 million in the last financial year.
DIVIDENDS The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 36 cents per share in respect of the financial year ended 30th June, 2012 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 7th November, 2012. Together with the interim dividend of 10 cents per share, the total dividend for the financial year is 46 cents per share.
The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 31st October, 2012; and (2) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.
A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be dispatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 13th November, 2012. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates for the scrip dividend will be dispatched to shareholders on or about 11th December, 2012.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The operations under Sino Land Company Limited ( Sino Land ) represent a substantial portion of the operations of the Group as a whole. As at 30th June, 2012 Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited ( Company ) had 50.68% interest in Sino Land. Therefore, for discussion purposes, we have focused on the operations of Sino Land.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sino Land s total revenue from property sales recognised for the financial year ended 30th June, 2012, including property sales of associates recognised by Sino Land, was HK$7,148.8 million (20102011: HK$9,290.0 million).
Total revenue from property sales of Sino Land comprises mainly the sales of residential units in One Mayfair in Kowloon Tong, Marinella in Aberdeen and Baker Residences in Hung Hom completed during the financial year 20112012 as well as those completed in previous financial years. Market response to the sales of the units in One Mayfair, Marinella and Baker Residences was favourable. Since their respective first sales launch, over 86% and 91% of the total number of residential units in One Mayfair and Marinella have been sold respectively. As for Baker Residences, all the units have been sold. In respect of projects completed in previous financial years, these mainly included One SilverSea, St. Andrews Place, The Palazzo, The Hermitage, The Balmoral, Park Avenue and Lake Silver as well as carparking spaces in several residential projects including Vision City, Island HarbourView and Residences Oasis. Contributions from property sales, including property sales of associates recognised by Sino Land, was HK$3,017.6 million (20102011: HK$3,240.7 million).
Sino Land continues to seek good opportunities to launch new projects for sale to enhance shareholders value. Excluding the new projects that were completed during the financial year 20112012, other new projects launched were The Coronation in West Kowloon, Providence Bay and Providence Peak, both in Pak Shek Kok, Park Summit in West Kowloon and Le Sommet in Xiamen. All of the sales launches have been well received.
Over 99%, 46%, 27% and 98% of the total number of residential units in The Coronation, Providence Bay, Providence Peak and Park Summit have been sold respectively so far. As for Le Sommet, all of the residential units have 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sales Activities (Continued) During the financial year, there are three completed residential projects namely Marinella, One Mayfair and Baker Residences with a total attributable gross floor area of 0.4 million square feet. Details of the projects are presented in the following table: 
Gross Floor Area 
9 Welfare Road, 
Residential 35% 225,359 2. One Mayfair 1 Broadcast Drive, 
Residential 100% 196,592 3. Baker Residences 8 Baker Court, 
As at 30th June, 2012, Sino Land has a land bank of approximately 40.7 million square feet of attributable gross floor area comprising a balanced portfolio of properties of which 64.3% is residential; 24.1% commercial; 5.3% industrial; 3.6% car parks and 2.7% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 28.4 million square feet were properties under development, 11.4 million square feet of properties for investment and hotels, together with 0.9 million square feet of properties held for sale. Sino Land will continue to be selective in replenishing its land bank to optimise its 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Land Bank (Continued) Sino Land acquired three sites from the HKSAR Government for residential development during the financial year. Details of the projects are as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
Shatin Area 56A, Kau To (Site A), 
Residential 40% 412,588 2. Lot 726 in Demarcation District No. 4, 
3. Lot 676 in Demarcation District, 
Residential 100% 36,845 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sino Land expects to complete a total of seven projects with an attributable gross floor area of 1.3 million square feet in the financial year ending 30th June, 2013. Details of the projects are shown as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
1. The Coronation 1 Yau Cheung Road, South West Kowloon 
2. Providence Bay 5 Fo Chun Road, Pak Shek Kok, 
Residential 35% 250,072 3. Park Summit 88 Beech Street, 
4. Providence Peak 8 Fo Chun Road, Pak Shek Kok, 
Residential 25% 187,447 5. TPTL 187 (Site C) 9 Fo Chun Road, Pak Shek Kok, 
6. Le Sommet West Side of Jia He Lu & North of Song Bai Zhong Lu, 
7. Chengdu International Community Xipu Zhen, 
Jin Niu District, 
Commercial 20% 81,529 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Property Development (Continued) Subsequent to the financial year ended 30th June, 2012, the Occupation Permit for The Coronation was issued by the Building Authority of the HKSAR Government in August 2012.
Sino Land will strive to improve its developments by use of environmentally friendly features. Environmental sustainability is an important guiding principle in Sino Land s project development. Efforts to reduce carbon emissions, apply energy efficient designs and layouts as well as employ more greenery landscaping are encouraged.

For the financial year ended 30th June, 2012, Sino Land s gross rental revenue, including attributable share from associates, increased 11.1% to HK$2,936.0 million (20102011: HK$2,642.4 million) and net rental income increased 13.6% to HK$2,541.5 million (20102011: HK$2,238.0 million).
The increase in rental revenue was mainly due to higher rental rates on renewals, as well as improvement in occupancy levels of the existing rental portfolio for the financial year 20112012.
Supported by leasing demand for retail spaces from international and local retailers, the retail properties in Hong Kong have generated rental growth throughout the financial year. This continued growth was mainly attributable to the increase in domestic consumption due to household formation, wealth creation in China as well as growth in visitor arrivals over the years. The appreciation of several key Asian currencies against the Hong Kong dollar has also had a favourable impact on the retail sector in Hong Kong. HKSAR Government s efforts in promoting Hong Kong as one of the key shopping destinations in Asia are also positive for the retail sector. Occupancy rates of Sino Land s shopping centres have been maintained at high levels.
The changes in global business environment and market trend have had impact on the demand for office spaces in Hong Kong. An increasing number of multinational companies and international brands have been looking for alternative office locations for expansion or operational efficiency. HKSAR Government s policy to develop Kowloon East as a new core business district has transformed the landscape of the office sector in Hong Kong. While certain areas on Hong Kong Island still remain key commercial areas for Grade A offices, Kowloon East is developing into a new hub and a desirable location for a broader range of businesses. The expansion of international retailers in China translates into additional demand for Hong Kong office space and these new sources of demand will provide support to the sector.
Sino Land s office rental portfolio has shown improvements in occupancy rates during the year under review.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Rental Activities (Continued) The industrial leasing market in Hong Kong has gained momentum since the start of the year mainly due to growth of the retail and office sectors as well as demand from e-commerce. Along with the HKSAR Government s measures to revitalise the traditional industrial districts allowing some industrial buildings to be converted into offices, more multinational enterprises are attracted to relocate their factories and offices to these areas. The occupancy rates of Sino Land s industrial portfolio have been maintained at high levels for the financial year.
Regular asset enhancement programmes are integral to Sino Land s effort to raise asset quality, property values and rental revenues. These programmes include refurbishment and renovation of properties, developing marketing and promotional events, improving service quality, reconfiguring the layouts of premises with the right trade mix, to meet the needs of tenants and customers. By making these improvements, the shopping experience of the customers can be enhanced and tenants can benefit from a sustained flow of shoppers, which will bring more business to the tenants and enhance the value of Sino Land s investment properties.
As at 30th June, 2012, Sino Land has approximately 11.4 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of investment properties and hotels. Of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 64.9%, industrial developments 14.3%, car parks 12.9%, hotels 6.2%, and residential 
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore and The Fullerton Bay Hotel Visitor arrivals in Singapore were up 13.1% from 11.6 million in 2010 to 13.1 million in 2011. According to Singapore Tourism Board, it is expected that visitor arrivals in Singapore will be between 13.5 to 14.5 million in 2012. With the growth in both leisure and business travels in the financial year 20112012, The Fullerton Hotel and The Fullerton Bay Hotel yielded good financial results. Sino Land will continue to improve the quality of hotel services to ensure its discerning guests have enjoyable stays in the hotels.
Conrad Hong Kong Visitor arrivals in Hong Kong reached 41.9 million in 2011, representing a 16.4% increase from 36.0 million in 2010. Projected visitor arrivals by Hong Kong Tourism Board for 2012 have been estimated to be 44.2 million, a further growth of 5.5% from 2011. Of the total visitor arrivals, visitors from China continued to be the major contributor along with growth in other markets, namely the United States, South Korea, Singapore and Russia. Both short-haul and long-haul markets performed favourably and the number of overnight arrivals also increased. Conrad Hong Kong yielded favourable financial results for the financial year 20112012.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
China s economy has been going through economic adjustments, both cyclically and structurally, as Central Government continues to introduce measures to stabilise growth and implement structural reforms in areas of banking and finance, housing, services and manufacturing to bring about a sustainable economic development. This development will help build a resilient economic system that reduces China s vulnerability to global markets and business cycles. Continuous attempts to improve and develop a more effective fiscal and monetary framework will also help to mitigate the risk of economic shocks, especially at a time when there are economic uncertainties 
After three decades of industrialization, the economic landscape of China has been changing gradually, moving towards a better business environment with enterprises pursuing quality management, products and services, branding and technological innovation and advancement. Recent economic data in China showed a softening in growth in the first half of calendar year 2012. To revive the growth momentum, Central Government has taken proactive policy easing to accelerate investments in infrastructure and industries, and increase liquidity in the economic system with monetary measures by lowering both interest rates and banks required reserve ratio.
Residential property market in China is an integral part of Central Government s urbanization, population and social policies which will help support consumption-led growth in the medium to long term. Developing social and private housing will cater to the needs of different income-groups; improve productivity and reduce social discontentment. Housing measures implemented by the Central Government in recent years are conducive to establishing a healthier and sustainable property market. These measures will also bring about a better distribution of income and narrow the wealth disparity gap. Demand for residential property in China is expected to continue to grow due to urbanisation, household formation, preference for home-ownership and investment in real estate assets as a preservation of 
Throughout the years, Sino Land has completed a number of projects in Xiamen and Fuzhou. Sino Land s interest in the commercial project Raffles City Shanghai located in the central business district of Shanghai and the leasing of Sino International Plaza in Fuzhou have established its presence in these cities. The experience gained from developing and leasing projects in China has also built Sino Land s execution capability in the country.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
China Business (Continued) As at 30th June, 2012, Sino Land s land bank in China totaled 25.4 million square feet and these projects are in Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing, Zhangzhou, Guangzhou, Xiamen, Fuzhou and Shenzhen. Of this, 24.4 million square feet are projects currently at different stages of the development, and the remaining represents completed properties for investment and sale.
Approximately 90% of the development land bank in China is residential developments, the remaining is commercial and hotel developments. Most of the residential portions of the projects are built for sale and some to be kept for investment purposes. The commercial portions of the developments will be retained mainly for investment purposes. All the projects are situated in cities with good economic and demographic fundamentals. The major property developments in Chengdu, Chongqing and Zhangzhou will be completed by phases over the next few years when expected profit contributions from these projects will be realised.
Other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th June, 2011.
FINANCE As at 30th June, 2012, the Group s gearing ratio was at approximately 13.2%, expressed as a percentage of total borrowings to the total assets. Of the total borrowings, 19.5% was repayable within one year, 61.6% repayable between one and two years and 18.9% repayable between two and five years. The Group, including the attributable share of its associates, had cash resources of approximately HK$17,669.4 million, comprising cash on hand of approximately HK$7,548.5 million together with committed undrawn facilities of approximately HK$10,120.9 million.
The majority of the Group s debts are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with the balance in Singapore dollars, mainly used to fund The Fullerton Heritage project in Singapore. Other than the above-mentioned, there was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the Group for the financial year ended 30th June, 2012. The majority of the Group s cash are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, with a relative small portion of Renminbi denominated deposits. Foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level. The Group has maintained a prudent and sound financial management policy and has not entered into any transaction relating to derivatives andor any other form of accumulators, swap transactions and options.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. With the objective of practising good corporate governance, the Group has formed Audit, Compliance, Remuneration and Nomination Committees. The Group is committed to maintaining corporate transparency and disseminates information about new developments through various channels, including press releases, its corporate website, results briefings, site visits, participation in non-deal roadshows and investor 
CUSTOMER SERVICE Sino Land is committed to building quality projects. In keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, Sino Land will, wherever possible, ensure that attractive design concepts and features, which are also environmentally friendly, for its developments. Management conducts regular reviews of its properties and service so that improvements can be made on a 
As a committed corporate citizen, Sino Land has been actively participating in a wide range of community programmes, voluntary services, charitable fund- raising activities and green initiatives to promote environmental protection, art and cultural events, and staff team-building activities. Sino Land has been a long-standing supporter of a number of organisations serving the community. Sino Land encourages staff of all levels to serve the community and care for those in need; this commitment is extended to support staff in joining voluntary service for at least one day a year during office hours.
Sino Land appreciates its role in protecting the environment. Efforts have constantly been made to make its properties more environmental friendly through well-thought architectural planning, energy saving and management initiatives. Taking another step on the sustainability journey, Sino Land has published its first Sustainability Report that highlights Sino Land s corporate sustainability footprint and initiatives. This report also demonstrates Sino Land s commitment to engage its stakeholders in building a greener future.
Dedicated to promoting local art and culture and enriching the daily lives of Hong Kong people, Sino Land initiated Sino Art (formerly Art in Hong Kong ) in 2006. The programme organises art exhibitions and activities at various properties of Sino Land. By providing local and international artists and arts groups with more platforms and opportunities to showcase their visual, community and performing arts talents, Sino Art aims to add vigour to a more creative and culturally vibrant Hong Kong. In 20112012, Sino Art collaborated with shopping malls of Sino Land and acclaimed artists to host interesting exhibitions, bringing an element of inspiration to the daily lives of the general public. Additionally, Sino Art has also collaborated with the Hong Kong Museum of History for the first time to present Transformation of the Qipao , promoting the unique Chinese cultural and artistic legacy of the 
In March 2008, the Ng family, the ultimate major shareholder of Sino Land, set up a non-profit organisation named Hong Kong Heritage Conservation Foundation ( HCF ). In December 2008, HCF was fortunate to win the tender to revitalise and convert the Old Tai O Police Station into a boutique hotel.
Named Tai O Heritage Hotel, it is home to nine colonial-style rooms and suites which commenced operation in March this year.
PROSPECTS The financial year 20112012 was a challenging year for policy makers, businesses and financial sectors around the globe. The economic conditions in the Euro zone have had wide-spread effects across industries and countries.
Given the complexity of the national debt issues and the number of nations involved, a significant amount of resources, efforts and time are needed to bring the economies back on their growth tracks. The economy of the Euro zone is expected to be soft for a period of time.
In the United States, the economy is on a course of recovery despite mixed signals from the economic data. Federal Reserve s accommodative stance for monetary policy will be conducive to support the growth momentum. With global economic conditions remaining volatile, the year ahead is expected to 
China has been developing its own model to manage its economy for counteracting cyclical trends and structural changes to stabilize growth.
The easing of economic growth in the first two quarters of this calendar year was anticipated by policy makers because of the policy shift from the last three decades of export-led growth to consumption-led growth. Central Government s approach in exercising reforms in the areas of banking and housing will lead to a better allocation of resources and distribution of 
The Hong Kong residential property market has been supported by economic and demographic fundamentals. The resilient local economic environment is evident by stable employment, subdue inflation, growth in the retail sector and continued growth in visitor arrivals have provided a good platform for the sector to grow. The increase in household formation and the number of marriages and births have created new demand for housing. The home buyers continue to benefit from the low mortgage interest rates and good liquidity from the banking sector. Not only does the low interest rate environment make mortgage loan repayment more affordable, home owners can earn a positive return by leasing their flats.

PROSPECTS (Continued) The HKSAR Government s policy to develop a balanced mix of public rental housing, Home Ownership Scheme and private housing, will address the housing needs of different income groups. The regular land sales initiated by the HKSAR Government, Land Application List System, and the supply of sites from the Mass Transit Railway Corporation and Urban Renewal Authority of Hong Kong will maintain a continuous supply of sites for residential development. The HKSAR Government has indicated that there will be more land made available for private housing development. The Group with its cash resources is well positioned to participate on this opportunity to acquire land with good development value.
Although global market conditions are unclear, the Group is cautiously optimistic on the prospects for its business and operating conditions to grow. With favourable sales from a number of residential projects during the financial year, Sino Land has the strength and resources to pursue further investments in the property business. Sino Land will continue to optimise earnings, enhance efficiency and productivity and improve the quality of products and services. Sino Land will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank and is well placed to participate in future land acquisitions.
STAFF AND MANAGEMENT On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
Robert NG Chee Siong 
Hong Kong, 29th August, 2012 