Chairman s Statement 
20062007 was a remarkable year for CITIC 21 CN COMPANY LIMITED ( CITIC 21 CN ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ). The Group maintained steady growth in its various business and achieved an overall favorable growth momentum.

The Product Identification, Authentication, Tracking System ( PIATS ) developed by the Group s subsidiary China Credit Information Technology Co., Ltd. is the key business of the Group. The Group has smoothly accomplished each of its projects with the strong support of the relevant ministries and government departments such as Ministry of Commerce, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and the State Food and Drug Administration. The Group has made significant achievements in the construction of fundamental platform, the establishment of database, the installation of enquiry terminal machine and the joining of network by enterprises with the entering into Co-operation Framework Agreements with domestic telecommunications operators.
As at 31 March 2007, enterprises that have joined the network amounted to 13,000.
The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine has also established the PIATS promotion work office in order to monitor and promote PIATS in key provinces such as Beijing, Shanghai, Jiangsu, Tianjin, Zhejiang, Guangdong, Hebei and Shandong. With the cooperation of the State Food and Drug Administration, the Group has smoothly widened the scope of application of PIATS to the medical industry.
The Group will continue to seriously consider the needs of enterprises, further enhance the quality of information value- added services, fully expand the functions of its integrated information service platform, assist the government by providing the tools to monitor electronically product manufacturing, assist enterprises to obtain market management information, assist consumers by providing enquiry terminals to check product information so as to establish a leading position in the PRC information service sector through the provision of such services.

Honglian 95 Information Industries Company Limited (HL 95) continued to provide a nationwide platform for promotion of the PIATS business. By entering into co-operation agreements with various banking and financial institutions and telecommunication services providers, HL 95 has achieved substantial breakthrough and it is expected that favourable results would be achieved in the coming year.
With the proactive initiatives undertaken by HL95, substantial increase in its mobile IVR tariff was recorded and this would serve as a foundation for the Company s long term development.

Dongfang Customs Technology Company Limited ( Dongfang Customs ) is a joint venture jointly established by the Company, the PRC Customs Department and China Telecom. It is principally engaged in electronic customs processing business and is the only operator that provides electronic customs processing services. It is expected that Dongfang Customs will attract more customers and generate more revenue as China s economy grows.

Grand Cycle Technology Company Limited ( Grand Cycle ) provides support to HL 95 and PIATS in respect of software integration and software development.
Looking forward to 20072008, PIATS will enter into a critical stage with rapid development. Besides optimizing its high-performance application platform and further enhancing its integrated information services, the Group will adhere to its business development strategies and strive to boost its management standards and operation efficiency with an aim to maximizing the returns of our shareholders.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude for the earnest support from our shareholders, government authorities, business partners, financial institutions, our staff and parties from the society.

