Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to present the 20092010 Annual Report to shareholders.
FINAL RESULTS The Group achieved net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$3,287.2 million for the financial year ended 30th June, 2010, representing an increase of 80.7% compared with HK$1,818.6 million in the previous financial year. Excluding revaluation surplus (net of deferred taxation) on investment properties of HK$1,339.2 million, the underlying net profit from operations was HK$1,948.0 million (2009: HK$1,750.9 million).
The turnover of the Group for the financial year 20092010 was HK$7,776.5 million. Earnings per share was 223.01 cents, an increase of 78.9% when compared with the previous financial year (2009: 124.64 cents).

DIVIDENDS The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 30 cents per share in respect of the year ended 30th June, 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 28th October, 2010. Together with the interim dividend of 10 cents per share, the total dividend for the full year is 40 cents per share.
The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 28th October, 2010; and (2) The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.
A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be despatched to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or about 3rd November, 2010. It is expected that the final dividend warrants and share certificates will be despatched to shareholders on or about 30th 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The operations under Sino Land Company Limited ( Sino Land ) represent a substantial portion of the operations of the Group as a whole. As at 30th June, 2010 Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited (the Company ) had 52.21% interest in Sino Land. Therefore, for discussion purposes, we have focused on the operations of Sino Land.

Sino Land s turnover and earnings from sales of properties at subsidiary level for the financial year ended 30th June, 2010 were mainly derived from the sales of residential units in new projects namely Lake Silver and Park Place, as well as The Palazzo, The Dynasty, Goodwood Park, Vision City, Vista and One Madison which were completed in the previous financial years.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sales Activities (Continued) Lake Silver is a residential and commercial project located atop the Wu Kai Sha Station on the Ma On Shan Line along the East Rail Extension, as well as a public transport interchange encompassing a bus terminal offering a number of routes to various locations, public light bus and taxi stands. This development comprises a total of 2,169 residential units with approximately 43,000 square feet of retail space and a clubhouse. The clubhouse, named Palace by the Sea, is inspired by world-class holiday resorts and offers a wide range of leisure and recreational facilities for residents and their guests to enjoy. Sales of this project received good market response with over 95% of the total units sold to date. The Occupation Permit and Certificate of Compliance for Lake Silver were obtained in July and November 2009 
In August 2009, Sino Land launched for sale a residential project named Park Place, in Xiamen, Fujian Province, Mainland China. This project offers a total of 73 residential units and was completed in May 2009. The sale of the project was well received with all the units sold within a short period of time.
Towards the end of first half of calendar year 2010, Sino Land launched residential units in The Balmoral for sale. The project is a residential development consisting of 79 apartments in three medium-rise towers located in Tai Po. Situated in the midst of a green and quiet environment, The Balmoral has attracted interested buyers from different areas and two units have been sold so far. The Occupation Permit and the Certificate of Compliance were obtained in January and June 2010 respectively.
Further, Sino Land also rolled out marketing programme for the houses in Goodwood Park. The project offers a total of 13 houses with private gardens and clubhouse facilities. It is located near Beas River with The Hong Kong Golf Club and The Hong Kong Jockey Club Beas River Country Club as its neighbours. The project was completed in December 2008. Approximately 38% of the total number of houses has been sold to date.
The sales of residential units in projects completed in previous years have progressed well throughout the financial year 20092010. These include residential units in The Palazzo in Shatin, The Dynasty and Vision City in Tsuen Wan, Vista and One Madison both in Sham Shui Po. To date, over 94% of the total number of residential units in The Palazzo have been sold and approximately 99% of the total number of residential units in The Dynasty and One Madison have been sold. As for Vision City and Vista, all of the residential units in both projects have been sold.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sales Activities (Continued) Earnings from property sales at associate level were mainly derived from sale of the residential units in Chengdu International Community in Chengdu, to which Sino Land has 20% interest. To date, over 92% of the total number of units in the Chengdu International Community have already been sold.
In respect of the projects to be completed in the coming financial year 20102011, Sino Land has launched residential units in The Hermitage for sales in June 2010. The Hermitage is ideally located in the heart of West Kowloon with a variety of transport available for residents and commuters to travel seamlessly to and from other parts of the city. It is adjacent to Olympian City shopping mall and within West Kowloon district where the West Kowloon Cultural District, the commercial hub over the Kowloon Station of the Airport Railway and the future Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link are located. It is connected to the Olympian City shopping mall by a covered footbridge and is also accessible to Mongkok through another covered footbridge. The Hermitage comprises six towers, offering a total of 964 residential units. The development faces south overlooking spectacular views of Victoria Harbour and Hong Kong Island and all units feature high ceilings and balconies. Market response was favourable with over 89% of the total number of units sold in the development.
During the financial year ended 30th June, 2010, Sino Land completed five projects. Details of the completed projects are presented in the table below, with a total attributable gross floor area of over 2.2 million square feet.

Gross Floor Area 
1. Lake Silver No. 599 Sai Sha Road, Wu Kai Sha Station, Ma On Shan, 
2. Chengdu International 
Xipu Zhen, Pi Xian, Jin Niu District, Chengdu, Sichuan, PRC Residential 20% 218,247 3. The Balmoral 1 Ma Shing Path, 
Residential 100% 114,486 4. Customs House 70 Collyer Quay, 
Commercial 100% 14,822 5. The Fullerton Bay Hotel 80 Collyer Quay, 
Hotel 100% 79,087 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
As at 30th June, 2010, Sino Land has a land bank of approximately 42.0 million square feet of attributable gross floor area comprising a balanced portfolio of properties of which 64.4% is residential; 24.7% commercial; 5.1% industrial; 3.5% car parks and 2.3% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land bank by status, 29.8 million square feet consist of properties under development, 11.0 million square feet of properties for investment own use and 1.2 million square feet of properties held for sale. Sino Land will continue to selectively replenish its land bank, both in Hong Kong and Mainland China, to optimise its earnings potential.
During the financial year ended 30th June, 2010, Sino Land acquired a total of three sites mainly for residential development and one investment property through the acquisition of a holding company. The total attributable gross floor area of the three sites was over 1.6 million square feet. Details of the acquisitions and the attributable gross floor area for Sino Land are as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
Pak Shek Kok Development Area, 
Pak Shek Kok Development Area, 
Yuet Wah Street, 
Fraser Suites Hong Kong 74 80 Johnston Road, 
Hong Kong Island, 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Sino Land expects to complete a total of five projects with an attributable gross floor area of approximately 1.3 million square feet in the financial year ending 30th June, 2011. Details of the projects are as follows: 
Gross Floor Area 
1. The Hermitage 1 Hoi Wang Road, South West Kowloon, 
2. Sino International Plaza 137 Wu Xi Lu, 
Commercial 100% 499,158 3. 18 Kowloon East 18 Wang Chiu Road, 
Commercial 50% 174,376 4. NKIL 1069 270 274 Cheung Sha Wan Road, 
Of the five projects mentioned above, the commercial projects namely Sino International Plaza and 18 Kowloon East and the retail areas in the residential-cum-retail developments namely The Hermitage, 270 274 Cheung Sha Wan Road and Baker Court are developed for investment purposes, providing additional stream of recurrent rental income for Sino Land in future years. Subsequent to the financial year ended 30th June, 2010, Sino Land completed Sino International Plaza in Fuzhou city, Fujian Province.
Sino Land will continuously improve its developments and services by applying stringent quality control, and environmentally friendly features and facilities to enhance the lifestyles of residents and tenants. Management is also mindful of environmental sustainability in terms of project development.
Efforts to reduce carbon emissions, use more sustainable materials, apply energy efficient designs and layouts as well as employ environmentally friendly fixture and fittings are highly encouraged and pursued.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Property Development (Continued) Management is delighted that Sino Land has received The Global Award 3rd Best Developer voted by the Euromoney s Real Estate Global Poll 2010. Management would like to express heartfelt appreciation to everyone who has nominated Sino Land for this award. Sincere thanks also go to the customers who have supported us and given us valuable suggestions throughout the years helping Sino Land to continuously improve the quality of its properties and service. The support from the voters and customers is great encouragement to Sino Land to continue improving its products and 
As at 30th June, 2010, Sino Land has approximately 11.0 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of completed properties for investment own use. Of this portfolio, commercial developments (retail and office) account for 62.8%, industrial developments 14.8%, car parks 13.3%, hotels 6.5%, and residential 2.6%. Excluding Sino International Plaza in Fuzhou, which was completed in July 2010, Sino Land expects to complete a total of approximately 2.9 million square feet of attributable gross floor area of investment properties in the next few years. These new investment properties will further increase Sino Land s recurrent income base.
Sino Land s gross rental revenue, including the attributable share of its associates, increased by 5.8% to HK$2,396.9 million for the financial year 20092010 compared with HK$2,265.8 million in the previous financial year. On the retail sector side, a better global economic environment, wage rises, better year-end bonuses, improvement in employment prospects and the growth of individual travel from Mainland China boosted retail sales.
Rental rates for the retail sector continued to show growth throughout the financial year 20092010. On the office sector side, a recovery in trade and capital flows, more positive economic outlooks and rising overall business and financing activities including initial public offerings, conventions and exhibitions were supportive to the sector s recovery, with rental rates firming up in recent months. The industrial sector also benefited from the overall improvement in business, with rental rates showing an improving trend.
Since setting the direction of building up Sino Land s recurrent rental income base, Sino Land has doubled its gross rental revenue over the past five financial years resulting in much stronger cash flows for Sino Land. Over the past few years, a number of investment properties have been completed from Sino Land s development land bank. These include commercial buildings, namely Exchange Tower and The Hennessy; retail malls Citywalk and Citywalk 2 as well as the retail portions of the residential-cum-commercial projects of The Palazzo, Lake Silver and One Madison. The occupancy rates of these properties have been maintained at high levels.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Rental Activities (Continued) Sino Land expects further growth in recurrent rental incomes from four new investment properties, namely Customs House in Singapore completed in February 2010, Sino International Plaza in Fuzhou completed in July 2010 as well as the retail space in The Hermitage with approximately 73,000 square feet of attributable gross floor area and commercial development 18 Kowloon East with approximately 174,300 square feet of attributable gross floor area, both of which are estimated to be completed in the financial year 20102011.
Customs House, part of The Fullerton Heritage, is a two-storey heritage building with a total floor area of approximately 14,800 square feet. It is located in Marina Bay, Singapore s world class Central Business District, arts, culture, and heritage waterfront area. Built in the 60s, Customs House was formerly home to the Customs Police. The building commands direct waterfront views of Marina Bay. The project was completed in February 2010 and all lettable space has been leased out.
Sino International Plaza is located in the central business district of Fuzhou city, the capital city of Fujian Province and is conveniently accessible through an extensive transportation network making it a good location for local and multinational firms. A number of local attractions, namely Hot Spring Park, West Lake Park and Fujian Museum are also within the catchment area. The development provides approximately 499,000 square feet of commercial space. Its low-E double glazed unitized curtain wall system presents an environmentally friendly architectural characteristic. The property also features an interior layout designed for tenant needs with efficient use of space and lighting. Each floor offers high ceilings which enhance the sense of space and ventilation airflow. Leasing of the project has progressed well, with majority of the space already leased out.
Asset enhancement initiatives are integral to Sino Land s programme of optimising asset quality, value and rental revenues. These initiatives include developing effective marketing and promotional events, raising service quality, reconfiguring the layouts of premises to meet tenants needs and ensuring the right tenant mix. They aim to enrich our customers shopping experience and support our tenants with a sustained flow of shoppers, all of which brings more business and enhance the value of Sino Land.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Since the second half of 2009, the demand for international tourism has been on an upward trend, according to UNWTO. The world tourism and hospitality industry has benefited from an improved global economic environment with Asia and the Pacific region showing double-digit growth for the first four months of 2010. The June issue of the UNWTO World Tourism Barometer reaffirmed the industry s recovery and forecast global tourist arrivals at 3% to 4% higher for the full year of 2010, indicating a positive outlook.
The Fullerton Hotel Singapore (The Fullerton) has benefited from better economic conditions and rising business activities, including trade fairs and international conferences, and exciting new attractions such as Resorts World Sentosa, Universal Studios Singapore and Marina Bay Sands. The business operations of The Fullerton showed favourable results starting in 2010 with occupancy, average room rates and overall gross operating margins picking up. During the financial year 20092010, The Fullerton received a number of awards from respected organisations and magazine in recognition of its service quality and efforts in promoting environmental protection.
The Fullerton Bay Hotel in Singapore, opened in July 2010, is a six-storey 5-star hotel located along the Marina Bay waterfront and in the Central Business District. It is a short walk from the Raffles Place Mass Rapid Transit and close to One Fullerton and Merlion Park. Built in the Marina waters, the Hotel is in the best vantage point to watch marina activities. Adjoining the historical Clifford Pier that was the landing point for early settlers and the Customs House, The Fullerton Bay Hotel is a celebration of Singapore s modernity and its rich heritage. The Hotel comprises 100 guest rooms encompassing five individually-themed suites and a Presidential Suite, each with panoramic marina views, balconies and sundecks. It was opened for guests in July 2010.
Conrad Hong Kong experienced an improvement in overall business growth during the financial year 20092010 when compared with the previous financial year. Conrad Hong Kong received a number of awards from reputable organisations and magazines in recognition of its service quality during the financial year.
Part of the retail area of the One SilverSea project in West Kowloon is being converted into a boutique hotel with approximately 32 guest rooms. The amendment and alteration works began in July 2010, and the renovation work for the guest rooms is expected to commence soon. The conversion is progressing well and is expected to be completed in the financial year 
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Mainland China Business China remains one of the fastest-growing countries in terms of GDP growth in the first half of 2010. The fiscal and monetary stimulus measures implemented throughout the critical periods of the global economic turmoil have taken effect to sustain aggregate consumer demand, support investment spending in the private and public sectors and inject the required level of liquidity, which are filtering through the banking and industrial sectors. The Central Government has also made substantial effort to maintain the continuity and stability of macro economic policy with specific and effective measures. This will establish the foundation for the nation s long-term prosperity and the economic development in Mainland China will directly benefit Hong Kong s 
This year saw active measures by the Central Government to ensure healthy and sustainable development in the property market, allowing more people to own their own homes, which is important for the welfare of society. Despite tightening measures recently introduced by the Central Government, demand remains good mainly due to income growth, wealth effect as a result of growing number of entrepreneurs and increasing affluent class. Management remains optimistic about the property market in Mainland China.
Sino Land has strengthened its platform in Mainland China for further growth in recent years after successfully completing and selling a number of residential projects, namely One HoneyLake in Shenzhen, Chengdu International Community in Chengdu, Greenfields in Guangzhou as well as Beverly Garden, Colonnades Court and Park Place in Xiamen. These have given Sino Land a good foothold in Mainland China s property market. Sino Land s interest in Raffles City Shanghai, comprising office and retail space in the central business area of Shanghai s Huangpu District, is the stepping stone for Sino Land to establish its presence in this important city and financial centre. Sino Land s track record represents a history of good execution capability for property development and investment in Mainland China.
As at 30th June, 2010, Sino Land s Mainland China land bank totalled 25.7 million square feet in Shanghai, Chengdu, Chongqing, Zhangzhou, Guangzhou, Xiamen, Fuzhou and Shenzhen. Of this, 25.3 million square feet is currently under development and the remaining is completed properties for investment and sale. Approximately 87.3% of the development land bank in Mainland China is for residential developments, the remaining is for commercial developments. Sino Land s property development projects in Mainland China are in different stages of development and progress has been well. They will be completed and launched for sale in phases. All the projects are situated in cities with good economic and demographic fundamentals.

REVIEW OF OPERATIONS 
Mainland China Business (Continued) Sino Land continues to exercise a focused approach to land bank replenishment and property development in Mainland China that can deliver good shareholder value. The majority of its developments are residential properties, which are built for sale. Commercial portions of sites are retained mainly for investment purposes. As management considers Mainland China an important market for Sino Land to grow in the mediumlong term, it has been actively seeking attractive sites in cities with strong economic fundamentals.
Sino Land will capitalise on its strengths it has established in Hong Kong and Singapore to execute its property development business in Mainland China and position its products and services as the preferred choice. Sino Land s proven strategy of building quality properties and providing professional after-sales property management services are key to achieving customer satisfaction and we are committed to doing the same for projects in Mainland 
Other than the matters mentioned above, there has been no material change from the information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended 30th June, 2009.
FINANCE As at 30th June, 2010, the Group s gearing ratio was at approximately 25.5%, expressed as a percentage of total borrowings to the total assets. Of the total borrowings, 27.5% was repayable within one year, 33.4% repayable between one and two years and 39.1% repayable between two and five years. The Group, including the attributable share of its associates, had cash resources of approximately HK$17,357.3 million, comprising cash on hand of approximately HK$5,534.4 million together with committed undrawn facilities of approximately HK$11,822.9 million. All the cash on hand is in the form of deposits in banks of high credit ratings.
There was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital structure of the Group for the financial year ended 30th June, 2010. Foreign exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level. The Group s borrowings are subject to floating interest rates. The Group has maintained a prudent and sound financial management policy and has not entered into any transaction relating to derivatives andor any other form of accumulators, swap transactions and options.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Group places great importance on corporate integrity, business ethics and good governance. With the objective of achieving best practice of corporate governance, the Group has established an Audit Committee, a Compliance Committee and a Remuneration Committee. Sino Land is committed to maintaining good corporate transparency as well as good communication with investors and shareholders by various channels such as non-deal roadshows, investor conferences, results briefing, site visits and corporate website to disseminate information on the Sino Land s latest developments.

CUSTOMER SERVICE Sino Land reaffirms its commitment to building quality projects. In keeping with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, Sino Land will wherever possible ensure that attractive design concepts and features, which are also environmentally friendly, are integral elements of its developments.
Management continues to conduct regular reviews of its properties and where necessary makes improvements to maintain its reputation for the highest standards of quality and service.
Delivering high-quality customer service has long been one of the Sino Land s key business objectives. During the financial year 20092010, Sino Property Services received a number of awards from HKSAR Government and renowned organisations in recognition of its quality of service, management capability, contributions in community and charity services, and promotion of environmental protection. Sino Land will continue to make improvement in its quality of service so as to ensure customer satisfaction and enhance 
As a committed corporate citizen, Sino Land has been actively involved in a range of community programmes, voluntary services, initiatives to promote environmental protection, art and cultural events, and staff welfare activities.
Over the years, Sino Land has actively sponsored and participated in a wide array of charitable fund raising activities and it has been a longstanding supporter of a number of organisations serving the community andor of charitable nature. In recognition of Sino Land s efforts in supporting voluntary community service, the Hong Kong Council of Social Service awarded Sino Land with a 5 Years Plus Caring Company Logo for 20092010.
Sino Land recognises its role in protecting the environment. Efforts have constantly been made through various means to reduce wastage, decrease carbon emission, make use of sustainable materials and encourage recycling materials. On the property management side, environmental protection initiatives have been extended to a number of areas including landscaping and increasing the awareness of the residents and customers for protecting environment and nature conservation. Further, in response to the trend towards electric vehicles, electric vehicle chargers have been installed at some of Sino Land s flagship carparks and this project will be reviewed and expanded to cover more carparks.
Dedicated to promoting local art and culture and enriching the daily lives of Hong Kong people, Sino Land initiated Art in Hong Kong in 2006. The programme organises art exhibitions and activities at various Sino Group properties. By providing local, Chinese and international artists and art groups more opportunities to showcase their visual, community and performing arts talents, Sino Group s Art in Hong Kong programme aims to add vigour to a more creative and culturally vibrant Hong Kong. In recognition of Sino Land s contribution to the development of local arts, the Hong Kong Arts Development Council honoured Sino Land with the annual Award for Arts Sponsorship for the second consecutive year, and the Award for Arts Promotion for the first time.

Human capital is an important asset for Sino Land. Sino Land continues to recruit graduates of high potential and provide professional development and personal growth opportunities to enable individual staff members realise their full potential. Staff are encouraged to participate in various voluntary community service, recreational and sports events.
PROSPECTS The world economy has been improving since the second half of 2009. Policy efforts around the world have been taking effect at varying degree. Monetary conditions remain accommodative with liquidity flowing into the financial system and helping to restore stability in the sector. Governments around the world have been closely monitoring their respective economic situations to ensure a sustainable recovery. Despite the occurrence of sovereign debt crisis in some countries in the Eurozone in the last quarter of 2009, the coordinated policy efforts by the governments of member states in the European Union and the support of intergovernmental organisations have helped the region to weather the difficult time.
The Central Government of PRC has also made tremendous efforts in steering domestic growth from an export-led model to a demand-led model and rebalancing the structure of the economy. Policy efforts since the last quarter of 2009 have largely focused on the domestic property market. These measures help ensure a healthy and sustainable property market. Corrections in terms of transaction volume and prices have been felt through the second quarter of 2010 confirming the effectiveness of measures taken to restore a more balanced growth to the property sector.
The Economic Cooperation Framework Agreement signed in Chongqing in June 2010 by the Mainland s Association for Relations Across the Taiwan Straits and Taiwan s Straits Exchange Foundation will gradually reduce and remove trade and investment barriers. This will facilitate greater trade flows and closer industrial integration between the Mainland and Taiwan, creating more business opportunities and benefiting both economies.
The economic growth of Hong Kong is evident by positive GDP growth for three consecutive quarters with an upward revised forecast in the range of 5% to 6% for the full year of 2010. Improving trade flows; salary increases and better bonuses as well as rising visitor arrivals starting in early 2010 have had a stimulating effect in the economy. Employment prospects have been improving with many industries and businesses planning to hire more people.
A fruitful year, 2010 has seen the property market reach a number of milestones that lay the foundation for better governance, and a more efficient and transparent market. The new guidelines introduced jointly by HKSAR Government and REDA for sales of residential properties help strengthen home-buyers confidence. To sustain a balance in supply and demand, the land supply arrangements with the MTR Corporation Limited and the Urban Renewal Authority are being fine-tuned, and the pace to bring readily available residential sites from the existing Land Application List for 20102011 to the market for auction has been increased. The recent land auctions in Hong Kong have received overwhelming market responses. With low mortgage rates, strong liquidity in the banking sector, willingness of banks to lend for home purchases, continuing interest from Mainland buyers, demand for quality housing remains strong.

PROSPECTS (Continued) On the finance sector side, to prepare for the implementation of the pilot scheme for the use of Renminbi in settling cross-border trade transactions between Mainland China and Hong Kong, a Memorandum of Co-operation has been signed by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and People s Bank of China in July 2010. This will allow eligible enterprises to open Renminbi denominated bank accounts and will greatly facilitate Renminbi denominated transactions. It will also create considerable market opportunities for businesses involving China trade, industries with factories in Mainland China and property developments in the country. On the infrastructure development side, the high-speed Hong Kong section of the Express Rail Link connecting Mainland China s massive railway network, and the expected 20152016 opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge Hong Kong Link Road connecting major southern coastal cities in The Pearl River Delta Region, will also enhance regional accessibility and connectivity by engendering more efficient flows of traffic, goods and people. These massive developments will also increase employment across a wide range of professions and 
With a further improvement in the global economic situation, Sino Land continues to be well positioned to seek business opportunities. Management will strive to optimise earnings, improve the quality of products and services, and enhance customer lifestyles, which will ultimately lead to better served customers. As Sino Land has a strong financial position with good liquidity, management will continue to deliver value for shareholders. Sino Land will maintain a policy of selectively and continuously replenishing its land bank both in Hong Kong and China, which will enable it to strengthen earnings and profitability. In terms of property development and property management, Sino Land will incorporate more environmentally friendly elements and initiatives in projects, such as measures to reduce carbon emissions so residents and tenants can enjoy a better environment and healthier lifestyles.
The Directors are confident in the medium to long term prospects of the 
STAFF AND MANAGEMENT On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and continuing support. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
Robert NG Chee Siong 
Hong Kong, 2nd September, 2010 