Chairman s Statement 
2013 has been an extraordinary year for CITIC 21CN Company Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ). On the one hand, the Group achieved far-reaching advancement in all aspects according to established development directions with the hard work and efforts of the whole management and staff; on the other hand, the strategic investment of Alibaba Group and Yunfeng Fund brings a good opportunity for the future development of the Group.
The previous directors and management of the Group used their tireless efforts to make progress in the Group s business of Product Identification, Authentication, Tracking System ( PIATS ) which laid a solid foundation for the future development of the Group. We greatly cherish the current status the Group achieved. We believe that data can effectively improve the efficiency of social operation. In the future the Group will focus on operating data. We hope to be able to use the accumulated data, together with cloud computing platform, to build a good infrastructure for China s health industry. We will carefully study and understand the needs of each aspect of society, enhance the quality of services, create value for our customers and use data to improve people s health.
Following the growing concern over the safety of medical products on the national level, the promotion of the Group s business of Drugs PIATS has been well-recognized and supported by the relevant governmental departments, and Drugs PIATS business has expanded quite well. During the year, the Group has significantly enhanced the overall efficiency of Drugs PIATS by using cloud computing platform. In the future, the Group will further reinforce on the infrastructure facilities of the Drugs PIATS, so as to ensure the practicability, user-friendliness and manageability of the system. The Group will also strive to work with various parties in the society including drug manufacturers, drug wholesalers and retailers, and medical institutions which already joined or will join Drugs PIATS to develop new business models which will benefit the country and its people by assisting the government s healthcare reform and reinforcing the health protection of all the people. Honglian 95, a joint venture of the Group, has remained its position in the mobile and telecommunication value-added services industry and call centre service sectors. In the same time, it is also in the process of transforming its services and expanding into new business. The business of Dongfang Customs under the Group s investment still provided us with reasonable return.
The entire staff of the Group will strive to generate sustainable returns for our shareholders with our long-term vision, advanced technology and highly efficient business operations. Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, investment institutions, the government authorities and our staff for their long and unswerving 
