CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am pleased to present the 2006/2007 Annual Report to shareholders.
For the year ended 30th June, 2007, the Group’s audited consolidated net
profit attributable to shareholders was HK$3,357 million (2006: HK$3,141
million). The turnover of the Group was HK$7,598 million and earnings per
share for the year was 236.58 cents.
Excluding revaluation surplus on investment properties net of deferred tax of
HK$1,250 million, the underlying net profit from operations was HK$2,107
million for the financial year 2006/2007.
The results for the year ended 30th June, 2007 reflect the adoption of all
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards applicable to the Group that are
effective for the accounting period.
The Directors have resolved to recommend a final dividend of 30 cents per
share in respect of the year ended 30th June, 2007 to shareholders whose
names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 15th November,
2007. Together with the interim dividend of 8.5 cents per share, the total
dividend for the full year is 38.5 cents per share.
The Directors propose that shareholders be given the option to receive the
final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend proposal is
subject to: (1) the approval of the proposed final dividend at the Annual
General Meeting to be held on 15th November, 2007; and (2) The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited granting the listing of and permission to
deal in the new shares to be issued pursuant to this proposal.
A circular containing details of the scrip dividend proposal will be despatched
to shareholders together with the form of election for scrip dividend on or
about 19th November, 2007. It is expected that the final dividend warrants
and share certificates will be despatched to shareholders on or about 14th
December, 2007.
The operations under Sino Land Company Limited (“Sino Land”) represent a
substantial portion of the operations of the Group as a whole. As at 30th
June, 2007, Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited (the “Company”) had 52.72%
interest in Sino Land. Therefore, for discussion purposes, we have focused on
the operations of Sino Land.
Sales Activities
Turnover and earnings from sales of Sino Land for the financial year ended
30th June, 2007 were mainly derived from sales of residential units in Vision
City, One SilverSea and the residential detached houses in two luxurious
projects, namely The Royal Oaks and St. Andrews Place.
Sales Activities (Continued)
Vision City is a luxurious residential development located in the centre of
Tsuen Wan and in between two railway arteries, namely MTR Tsuen Wan
Station and KCR Tsuen Wan West Station on the West Rail. Market response
for the project was encouraging with over 80% of its 1,466 units sold.
Both The Royal Oaks and St. Andrews Place are located in the prestigious
area surrounded by The Hong Kong Golf Club and The Hong Kong Jockey
Club where the 2008 Olympic Equestrian Cross Country Event will be held.
All of the detached houses in The Royal Oaks have been sold and
approximately 40% of the detached houses in St. Andrews Place have already
been sold.
Earnings from property sales of Sino Land at associate level were mainly
derived from sales of completed residential units in Mount Beacon located in
Kowloon Tong, One HoneyLake in Shenzhen and Phases II and III of Chengdu
International Community in Chengdu, Sichuan. Over 96% of all the units in
One HoneyLake have been sold and over 73% of the units launched to date
in the Chengdu International Community have been sold.
For the financial year 2006/2007, projects completed by Sino Land were
Vision City, Phases II and III of One HoneyLake and two phases of the
Chengdu International Community with a total attributable gross floor area of
approximately 2.3 million square feet.
During the financial year under review, the sale of residential project
Greenfields in Guangzhou, PRC was well received with virtually all of the
238 residential units sold. The project was completed in the third quarter of
calendar year 2007.
Land Bank
As at 30th June, 2007, Sino Land had a land bank of approximately 26.5
million square feet of attributable gross floor area comprising a balanced
portfolio of properties of which 55% is residential; 28% commercial; 9%
industrial; 5% car parks and 3% hotels. In terms of breakdown of the land
bank by status, 15.6 million square feet consist of properties under
development, 9.6 million square feet of properties for investment/own use
and 1.3 million square feet of properties held for sale. Sino Land will continue
to replenish its land bank selectively to optimise its earnings potential.
Subsequent to the financial year ended 30th June, 2007, the Group was
fortunate to have been successful in acquiring 2 additional plots of land in
Chengdu and Chongqing in Mainland China through land auctions. On
completion, these 2 projects will provide a total attributable gross floor area
of over 18.6 million square feet. The site in Chengdu is located in the Cheng
Hua District whereas the site in Chongqing is in Jiang Bei District close to
the Jia Ling Jiang. Details of the sites are as follows:
In the eleventh five-year development plan, both Chengdu and Chongqing
have been placed on the priority list of the areas in which regional
development is planned. In June 2007, the State Council designated Chengdu
and Chongqing as the new trial zones for comprehensive coordinated reforms.
This policy movement presents new development opportunities for the Group
in both cities. Chengdu has also been targeted to be developed into a center
of “science, technology, finance and commerce” by the State Council. With
its existing international airport which is ranked the fifth largest in Mainland
China, the railway and road networks as well as ongoing infrastructure
developments, Chengdu has developed into a transportation hub. Chongqing,
being selected as a core city by the Central Government under the Western
China Development Strategy, plays an important role as an economic hub in
Western and Central China. The economic development potential in these
two cities is promising.
Further, on 17th September, 2007, Sino Land successfully acquired Site B of
Pak Shek Kok (TPTL 186) in a land auction for residential development in
Hong Kong. Sino Land has 35% interest in the project. On completion
expected to be in approximately 3 to 4 years time, the site will afford an
additional total of approximately 250,000 square feet of attributable gross
floor area.
Including the attributable gross floor area of the new sites acquired in July
2007, total land bank of Sino Land will increase to approximately 45.4 million
square feet, of which 34.5 million square feet are properties under
development.
Property Development
Sino Land expects to complete the following projects with an aggregate
attributable gross floor area of approximately 1.2 million square feet in the
financial year ending 30th June, 2008:
Rental Activities
Sino Land’s rental portfolio performed solidly for the financial year ended
30th June, 2007 with gross rental revenue, including the attributable share of
its associates, increasing by 14.8% to HK$1,607 million. The increase in
rental revenue was primarily due to positive rental increases from all sectors
of the portfolio as well as an increase in overall occupancy.
The retail sector in Hong Kong continued to register good growth mainly due
to a broad-based increase in salaries, a positive wealth effect, improving
sentiments, steady growth in visitor arrivals, increases in marriages and births
as well as a rise in residential property purchases. The rental rates of our
retail properties recorded healthy growth with overall occupancy rates staying
high. To encourage shopper flow and deliver a more engaging retail
experience, thematic promotional activities in our major shopping malls are
regularly launched. Through a programme of continuous design upgrades,
facility improvements based on customer needs and market research as well
as optimisation of tenant mix, the yields and values of our retail rental
properties are enhanced.
Strengthened by increasing economic activities and business expansion, the
performance of the rental office buildings was encouraging with strong takeup
and some achieving full occupancy. Rental rates for office spaces recorded
strong increases. The office sector is expected to attain robust growth in the
foreseeable future as more firms will open offices and expand their existing
operations in Hong Kong.
Benefiting from the increase in trade activities due to growth of world-wide
trades and CEPA, the industrial sector witnessed a favourable growth during
the financial year 2006/2007. The overall occupancy rates of our industrial
buildings was high with rising rental rates.
As at 30th June, 2007, the Group had approximately 9.6 million square feet
of attributable gross floor area of properties for investment/own use. Of this
portfolio, commercial developments account for 57%, industrial developments
18%, car parks 15%, hotels 7%, and 3% residential.
Hotels
International tourist arrivals worldwide rose favourably in 2006 and during
the first half of 2007 with Asia and the Pacific region recording strong growth
in the number of arrivals. World prosperity continues to be the main driver
for a sustainable growth in tourism and business travel in Asia and the Pacific
region. This positive trend is expected to continue throughout 2007 and
2008.
Visitor arrivals in Hong Kong witnessed good growth in the financial year
2006/2007 compared with the previous financial year which was mainly
attributable to a continuing economic prosperity in the Asia Pacific region,
rising trade activities, increasing Chinese visitors, the promotional campaign
rolled out by the HKSAR Government as well as rising interest from the
short-haul and long-haul markets from major countries. During the financial
year, Conrad Hong Kong achieved positive growth in both room sales and
average room rates compared with the previous financial year ended 30th
June, 2006. On the positive trend of tourism and business travel and continuing
efforts by HKSAR Government in promoting family in-bound travels and MICE
(Meetings, Incentive travel, Conventions and Exhibitions), Conrad Hong Kong,
with its room renovation programme to upgrade the hotel fully completed,
will be well positioned to gain such advantages. During the financial year
ended 30th June, 2007, Conrad Hong Kong has been recognised as ‘Readers
Choice World’s Best Hotels Award’ by Condé Nast Traveller, ‘ T+L 500
World’s Best Hotels’ by Travel + Leisure and ‘Top Hotels in Asia Pacific’ by
Asian Legal Business.
The Fullerton Singapore also registered a strong growth in earnings during
the financial year 2006/2007. Both visitor arrivals and tourism receipts grew
strongly in Singapore in 2006. It is expected these two indicators will continue
to grow favourably in the next few years. Benefiting from the strong market
conditions, the hotel industry experienced a very positive surge in average
room rates and average occupancy levels. Together with the ongoing upgrade
programme carried out for both the guest rooms and the gymnasium during
the financial year 2006/2007, The Fullerton Singapore is set for positive
growth alongside the rise in business activities and tourism industry in
Singapore. Following receipt of the Condé Nast Traveller Readers’ Choice
Awards (2006) – ‘The Best Hotel in Asia’, we are pleased that The Fullerton
Singapore has also received ‘The Best Hotel in Singapore’ award by Condé
Nast Traveller in January 2007. In July 2007, it was also rated one of the
world’s top hotels in the 12th Annual Travel + Leisure World’s Best Awards.
Management will continue its pursuit to improve the quality of its products
and services to meet the needs of discerning guests.
Mainland Business
Sino Land successfully acquired two plots of sizeable land in China for the
development of residential and commercial properties in July this year. The
projects will provide a total of approximately 18.6 million square feet of
attributable gross floor area upon completion over the next few years. With
the new acquisitions, Sino Land’s development land bank in Mainland China
is now approximately 28 million square feet of attributable gross floor area.
Sino Land targets to double its land bank in the next 12 – 15 months.
In view of the positive economic prospects of the property market in China,
Sino Land is committed to increasing its land bank in Mainland China. In this
respect, Sino Land is actively seeking for additional sites in various cities of
Mainland China where economic fundamentals are good and prospects are
promising.
The Mainland economy has grown solidly over the past years and the growth
is remarkable. The burgeoning Chinese economy offers tremendous business
opportunities for entrepreneurs and good employment prospects for the people.
Improvement in economic fundamentals and increase in income are positive
to the property market in the medium to long term. Demand for quality
residential housing and commercial properties continue to rise.
The successful developments and sales of projects in Xiamen, Guangzhou,
Shenzhen and Chengdu over the years have given Sino Land a good foothold
in that market. Sino Land will extend its experience in and strategy of building
quality properties and providing after-sale professional property management
services to our customers in Mainland China.
Other than the above mentioned, there was no material change from the
information published in the report and accounts for the financial year ended
30th June, 2006.
As at 30th June, 2007, the Group’s gearing ratio was at approximately 29.9%,
expressed as a percentage of total borrowings to the total assets. The decrease
in gearing compared with that as at 30th June, 2006 was mainly due to the
receipt of balance of the sales proceeds from the sale of residential units in
One SilverSea, the receipt of the sales proceeds from the sale of residential
units in Vision City and sale of houses from The Royal Oaks and St. Andrews
Place. Of the total borrowings, 27% was repayable within one year, 27%
repayable between one and two years and 46% repayable between two and
five years. The Group, including the attributable share of its associates, had
cash resources of approximately HK$15,762 million, comprising cash on
hand of approximately HK$5,586 million together with committed undrawn
facilities of approximately HK$10,176 million. All the cash on hand is in the
form of deposits in banks of high credit ratings.
As to the litigation between Sino Land Company Limited (“Sino Land”) and
Hang Lung Group Limited (“Hang Lung”) in respect of the acquisition of a
company which owns a property in Yau Kom Tau in Tsuen Wan for
development into a hotel, the Court of Final Appeal on 5th February, 2007
allowed the appeal by Sino Land. Pursuant to the judgment, on 6th February,
2007, Hang Lung repaid to Sino Land the deposit of HK$321 million leaving
assessment of interest, damages and costs to be agreed between the parties
or dealt with by the courts.
There was no material change in foreign currency borrowings and the capital
structure of the Group for the financial year ended 30th June, 2007. Foreign
exchange exposure has been prudently kept at a minimal level. The Group’s
borrowings are subject to floating interest rates.
The Group places great significance on corporate integrity, business ethics
and good governance. With the objective of achieving best practice of
corporate governance, the Group has established Audit Committee,
Compliance Committee and Remuneration Committee. Sino Land is committed
to maintaining good corporate transparency as well as good communication
with investors and shareholders by various channels such as non-deal
roadshows, investor conferences, results briefing, site visits and corporate
website to disseminate information on the Sino Land’s latest developments.
Sino Land re-affirms its commitment to building quality projects. In keeping
with its mission to enhance customer satisfaction, the Group will wherever
possible ensure that attractive design concepts and features, which are also
environmentally friendly, are integral elements of its developments.
Management continues to conduct regular reviews of its properties and where
necessary makes improvements to maintain its reputation for the highest
standards of quality and service.
Delivering high-quality customer service has long been one of the Sino Land’s
key business objectives. During the period under review, Sino Land’s property
management division received a number of awards from HKSAR Government
and renowned organisations in recognition of its quality of service,
management capability, contributions in community and charity services,
and promotion of environmental protection. Sino Land will continue to make
improvement in its quality of service so as to ensure customer satisfaction
and enhance branding.
To further the Group’s commitment to good corporate citizenship, the
Community Care Committee (the “Committee”) works closely with different
charitable and voluntary organisations to organise various community services
for the needy.
On the environmental protection side, the Group has collaborated with a
number of international organisations focusing on promoting environmental
protection to co-organise activities to inspire public interest in protecting our
natural resources and encourage the concept of green living.
It is also the Group’s belief that supporting local arts and cultural activities is
important to foster creativity, reinforce public awareness and fulfill Hong
Kong people’s artistic appreciation. The Committee will continue to roll out
activities for staff participation as well as to serve the community in the years
to come.
China is one of the fastest-growing economies in the world. The growth of
the industrial and service sectors and buoyant international trade with the
rest of the world in the past few decades has resulted in wealth creation.
The affluent class in China, who pursue a better quality of life, has been
increasing rapidly. The increase in incomes with standards of living staying
relatively low enables people to put their excess cash in durable goods and
the demand for quality housing is strong. The strengthening of Renminbi has
also raised the purchasing power of people in Mainland China. The 2008
Olympic Game to be held in Beijing will further boost market sentiments. On
the whole, the economic growth momentum is expected to continue and the
economy to remain vibrant. The Central Government’s fine-tuning control
measures will also ensure a healthy and a balanced economic growth as well
as a better structure of the real estate sector in the medium to long term.
Prospects of China economy are promising. Hong Kong is well-placed to
gain and it will be a major beneficiary of China’s economic growth.
The economy of Hong Kong performed well in the financial year 2006/2007
with unemployment hitting the lowest level for over nine years, increasing
salaries and bonuses filtering through a broad range of industries, vibrant
business activities and strengthening consumers’ confidence. Supported by
strong economic fundamentals, the property market staged a sustainable
growth during the financial year. Encouraging results of both primary and
secondary transactions in the first half of 2007 indicated a strong pick up
whilst sentiment has been gaining momentum. Better economic and
employment prospects raise people’s propensity to purchase their own homes.
Increasing number of marriages and births combined with availability of
favourable mortgage terms have fuelled property transactions. Demand for
quality properties with state-of-the-art features and facilities is set to rise.
The IPO activities in the Hong Kong stock market in 2006 and the first half of
calendar year 2007 put investors’ spotlights on Hong Kong. The year 2006
was a record year for Hong Kong Stock Exchange with the amount raised.
Hong Kong maintains its role as a leading international financial centre in
China and it is also an important platform for the listing of Chinese enterprises.
Together with the HKSAR Government’s own initiative to abolish the estate
duty, exemption of profit tax for offshore funds and maintain a simple and
low tax system, these are positives to the further development of the financial
market in Hong Kong. Management is positive of China’s economic
development and the outlook of the Hong Kong economy.
The Group continues to be well prepared to take advantage of the exciting
opportunities ahead. It will continue its policy of selectively and continuously
replenishing its land bank both in Hong Kong and China to optimise earnings
and of improving the quality of its properties and services to enhance the
lifestyle of its customers. The Group’s land bank will enable it to strengthen
earnings and profitability, and continue to deliver value to its shareholders.
The Directors are indeed confident in the medium to long term prospects of
the Group.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my
sincere appreciation to all staff for their commitment, dedication and
continuing support. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow
Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
Robert NG Chee Siong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 18th September, 2007
