Chairman s Statement 
In 2012, CITIC 21CN Company Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) followed the established development direction, the whole management and staff of the Group worked dedicatedly and achieved long-step advancement in 
Following the growing concern over the safety of medical products on the national level, the promotion of the Group s business of Product Identification, Authentication, Tracking System ( PIATS ) has been well-recognized and supported by the relevant governmental departments, and PIATS business has gained excellent opportunities. During the year, the Group has significantly enhanced the overall efficiency of PIATS system. In the future, the Group will further reinforce on the infrastructure facilities of the PIATS system, so as to ensure the practicability, user-friendliness and manageability of the system. Honglian 95, a jointly controlled entity of the Group, has remained consolidated its position in the mobile and telecommunication value-added services industry and call centre service sectors. In the same time, it is also intended to combine the PIATS for transformation of services and expansion of new business. By virtue of the national service network, it is providing a user-friendly service platform for the consumers and enterprises as well as building a strong support to the PIATS. The business of Dongfang Customs under the Group s investment still provided us with 
The business development of PIATS, Honglian 95 and Dongfang Customs were all in line with the target of establishing an integrated information service platform with leading position. We will step up our effort in studying and understanding the needs of the society in various aspects, further enhancing the quality of our management and services and attaining the greatest economic and social efficiency, in order to make contribution to the information technology of the society.
The entire staff of the Group will strive to generate sustainable returns for our shareholders with our long-term vision, advanced technology and highly efficient business operations. I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to our shareholders, business partners, investment institutions, the government authorities and our staff for their unswerving support.

