Chairman s Statement 
CITIC 21CN Company Limited adheres to CITIC Group s existing development mission of being committed to both shareholders investment returns and corporate social responsibility. Long-term investment is an area essential to the quality of life of 1.3 billion people in China. Earlier investments in the electronic customs business (Dongfang Customs) and Honglian 95 s telecom VAS business have established business groups with sustainable development. The Product Identification, Authentication, Tracking System ( PIATS ), which we have invested significantly in the past four years, is now the core platform contributing to the Group s rapid growth in the future. We have clearly identified that with the nationwide marketing of PIATS in China, it has been contributing significantly to China s economy and society. Our Company will also achieve good revenue.
1. WE ARE ACCOMPLISHING OUR ANTICIPATED GOAL ACCORDING TO OUR PLAN: As stipulated in the document jointly promulgated by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine, Ministry of Commerce and State Administration for Industry and Commerce, by June 2008, 69 products in 9 categories (including food products, home appliances, gas appliances, agricultural products, man-made boards, electric wire and cable, cosmetics, electric blanket, safety hazard protective wear), which are essential to the livelihood of the public, must include the PIATS barcode on the product package before launching to the market. 100,000 production enterprises and 500,000 circulation enterprises are subject to this new requirement. This authentically traceable single-piece product real-time tracking system represents 60% of the mainstream product market. All suitable products will be included in PIATS by the end of 2010. PIATS applications in drugs are in good progress, with all special drugs being included in PIATS. Ordinary drugs will also be added to PIATS in October this year. The Year 2008 will be a development milestone for PIATS.
2. MAINTAINING GOOD PIATS SUPPORT AND SERVICE: We have made investment in establishing a leading public information service platform with PIATS being the core. The platform includes advanced, sophisticated and safe network and server groups, super large database and flexible application levels. The business intelligence systems being invested will be able to provide automatic product information service of different levels to numerous enterprises.
3. ACHIEVING SYNERGY OF THE GROUP S RESOURCES: We adjusted the development of other businesses appropriately this year, whereas we enhanced our efforts in the PIATS business. Our improvement and integration of the Group s resources generated greater synergy, which helped to promote the development of PIATS thoroughly.
1. PIATS established by the team at China Credit Information Technology Co., Ltd. a company under the Group, has been identified as the shared platform of China s product information in the future. This platform will be an inter-departmental, inter-regional standardised information shared platform. It has met the indispensable requirements for single-piece product total tracking.
2. Dongfang Customs, a company under the Group, will continue to generate sustainable growth in revenue for the Group. It will also become the channel for the supervision of PIATS on imported and exported 
3. The nationwide service network of Honglian 95, a company under the Group, will provide a convenient and user-friendly service platform to consumers and enterprises. The PIATS business will make a more significant contribution to its income.
4. The extensive experience in system integration of Guangdong Grand Cycle Technology Company Limited is currently contributing to the development of PIATS.

4. ESTABLISHING CUSTOMER-ORIENTED SERVICE SYSTEM: The Company s long-term investment in PIATS and its related value-added services resulted in the ability to obtain sustainable high investment returns. People have changed the time, venue and their way to complete their work in the informatized society. We care about the various challenges faced by enterprises and government authorities.
We can help them enhance efficiency in operational decision-making by obtaining information on channels and markets; reduce corporate losses in respect of income and brand reputation by obtaining information on forgeries; enhance customer loyalty by understanding customers consumption behaviour and through promotion efforts.
Our customers expect to view the integration between technology and business processes with an innovative concept. We have prepared various services for them. A call centre featuring 4,000 seats will also create new experience and value for the enterprises and consumers that we serve.
5. INNOVATIVE MODELS: We believe that our innovative models and procedures are vital to the Group in the intense market competition.
We have been capable of foreseeing future market needs from an innovative perspective, making long- term investments in the needs and achieving sustainable returns. For instance, the RFID solutions under implementation will provide a more effective way to keep track of high value-added products. Since the new public logistics information platform of PIATS will create an annual economic value of RMB200 billion, we will be sharing such economic benefits with the whole society.
The public product information platform established by CITIC 21CN will create a new business environment involving the government, enterprises, organizations and individuals. Our key future strategies are: 1) enhancing our core ability by continuously improving our basic services, including enrollment of companies, code assignment, code standards, collection and exchange of code information as well as handling relevant consumer enquiries. These make our public product information platform the foundation of the other value-added services; and 2) strengthening our innovation and development of solutions and intellectual properties in the industry, which is the key to the sustainable and rapid expansion of the Company in the future. Our vision in this informatized world in which information is increasingly accessible is that through developing and utilizing product information resources actively, we promote informatization to help enterprises, consumers and the government collectively establish a trustworthy and highly efficient business 
The next three years will be a rapid growth stage of PIATS. This public product information platform invested and established by us will begin to generate substantial social and economic benefits. The whole Group will adhere to the business development strategy and endeavor to meet its designated business target while continuously seeking long- term investment. It will further enhance the management and business standards of the management team with an aim to maximizing returns for our shareholders.
The entire staff of the Company and I look forward to creating a better future hand-in-hand with our existing and potential shareholders, business partners, investors, government authorities and the public.

