Chairman s Letter to Shareholders While the past year was filled with challenges, for CITIC Pacific it was also a year of progress and 
Uncertainties in the global economy and in particular volatile commodity prices made 2012 a difficult year for many businesses and industries.
While the past year was filled with challenges, for CITIC Pacific it was also a year of progress and long-term promise. Although our results were lower than last year, I remain confident about our long-term direction and fundamental strengths.
I understand that with these challenges come concerns, and I will address them here with the aim of earning your confidence in our ability to generate value for you.
Results of 2012 Our profit attributable to ordinary shareholders for 2012 was HK6,954 million, which was 25% less than 2011. Profit from continuing business operations was significantly lower, mainly due to a sharp decline in the contribution made by our special steel business in the second half of the year. The weak demand for steel products resulted in loss-making for many steel producers in China. However, the fact that our special steel business was profitable for the year is an indication of the strength of this business.
Profits from our mainland property business were also lower in comparison with last year. In addition to slowing property sales, the decline in profit was also due to adjusting the pace of our development to match the current market conditions. The hard truth is that both steel and property in mainland China were affected by the macroeconomic environment. While these two businesses did less well, other businesses such as energy, Hong Kong property and tunnels as well as Dah Chong Hong and CITIC Telecom performed satisfactorily and continued to contribute steadily to our profit and cash flow.
At the end of 2012 we had HK$48 billion in cash and available committed facilities, which gave us the financial flexibility to execute our investment plans and pay a dividend to our shareholders.
In the 12 months to 31 December 2012, the strength of our credit was demonstrated when we successfully raised over HK$53 billion of new funds both from traditional bank sources and the issuing of long-dated bonds under our MTN programme, thus lengthening the maturity of our debt.
Our board is recommending a final dividend of HK$0.30 per share, giving our shareholders a total of HK$0.45 per share for the year 2012. This is the same as in 2011.
I remain confident about our long-term direction and 
Our Top Priority the Sino Iron Mine Our highest business priority in 2012 was the Sino Iron project in Western Australia, and it will remain so through this year and the following two years. We achieved a major project milestone in November 2012 when the first concentration line began producing iron ore product. We are preparing for first shipment as I write, and the focus now is to commission line two in May 2013.
We have put so much into this project in every sense time, energy and capital that it is indeed gratifying to see the progress we have made despite the delays and unexpected costs. The commissioning and trial production of the first production line also reaffirmed our faith in our ability to fully complete the project and operate the mine. The iron ore concentrate produced thus far is of high commercial quality and will be used initially by our own special steel plants. Once production volume increases, ore will also be sold to other steel producers in China.
There is no denying that the road to first production has been difficult. In hindsight, when the decision was made to invest in Sino Iron in late 2006 both we and Metallurgical Corporation of China ( MCC ) underestimated the complexity and the amount of work, time and capital involved in constructing an iron ore mine of this scale and in a foreign land. Subsequently, the business operating environment changed, and we faced steeper construction costs, a local labour shortage as well as a stronger Australian dollar. However, the price of iron ore has also gone up significantly.
Despite how things may vary from one day to the next, the fact is we have made a long-term commitment, and we have the conviction to see the project through for its long life.
We are mindful that we still have four more lines to build. We are currently working as hard as we can to get them completed as early as possible. CITIC Pacific Mining has in the past few years gained valuable knowledge and first-hand experience in constructing, commissioning and operating the mine. Therefore, for production lines three to six, rather than appoint an EPC (Engineering, Procurement and Construction) contractor CITIC Pacific Mining itself will manage their construction and commissioning. Having completed the work for line one and most of line two, some operating entities of our current EPC contractor MCC have accumulated sufficient relevant knowledge, and they will be invited to join our team and perform specific tasks in the areas of design, construction, commissioning and 
The Sino Iron project will shape the future of CITIC Pacific. Its success is also very important to CITIC Group, the controlling shareholder of our company.
Therefore, the full support of CITIC Group is necessary to ensure the success of the project.
We know that investors are wondering about our production cost. Mining and processing magnetite iron ore is more expensive than mining direct shipping haematite ore. For a project of this magnitude, and in particular one involving a multi-stage process from mining and processing to dewatering, many variable costs are involved.
Only when it is in full stable operation will we be able to obtain a more accurate cost per tonne.
It is important to understand that for this year only two lines will be operational. So long as the quantity of concentrate produced is relatively modest, the production cost per tonne during this period will naturally be high, and this will put pressure on CITIC Pacific s bottom line, particularly this year and next. Better economies of scale will be achieved once all six lines are fully operational.
We expect by then our cost of production should be comparable to other producers mining 
To achieve profitability and realise the long- term value of this project for our shareholders, operating efficiency is key. Sino Iron is the world s largest magnetite iron ore mine. Compared with other magnetite mines in the world as well as those in China, Sino Iron employs some of the largest equipment in the market, and its processing plant features a relatively short process flow with an advanced control system comprising over 78,000 control points. These characteristics will in the short-term present challenges, particularly during the commissioning and trial production stages. However, once the mine is in stable operation the economic benefits will come through in lowered operating costs and greater operating efficiency. In fact, our focus is to increase efficiency in every aspect of our operation. One example is our mining team s extensive research on improving the efficiency of the shovels and trucks used to pick up and transport blasted rocks. So far, the truck load per trip has increased from 277 tonnes to 325 tonnes and will reach its designed capacity of 360 tonnes in due course. Shovel performance is targeted to improve by 25% from its current level by year-end.
I am glad to say that our cost of mining per tonne of ore from the mine pit is comparable with most of the other established producers of iron ore.
Operational studies and related improvements will continue to be made in all sections of the production line so our operation can be as efficient as possible.
We note that our mining peers are setting new standards of disclosure and transparency. We have also made good progress on this front.
Our annual reports have included extensive descriptions of our mine s construction progress, and once the mine is fully operational we will strive to match industry best practice around 
Reflecting on the Past and Looking at the 
It is sometimes necessary to take a step back and re-examine where we are and how we got there, particularly when faced with a changing and challenging operating environment. The result can be quite enlightening and thought-provoking.
Looking at CITIC Pacific today, some things are very much the same. We remain focused on developing our three main businesses, serving our customers and striving to create value for our shareholders. But some things are different.
Structurally, we are now a member of the CITIC Group. Culturally, as some employees have acknowledged, we are much more systematic.
Why should someone invest in CITIC Pacific? What do I tell our employees about the organisation they work for? And what responsibilities does CITIC Pacific have to our society? It is time to return to fundamentals and provide answers to these basic questions.
Why should you invest in CITIC Pacific? We have a clear strategy and a competitive business model that always strives for market leadership: Back in the mid-2000s, we made a commitment to focus on special steel, iron ore mining and property development in mainland China. We exited a number of other businesses that we did not actively manage and that were not essential to the growth of this company. Our intensified effort beginning in 2009 has paid off. We have grown the three main businesses so that they are now over 70% of CITIC Pacific s total assets.
Take our special steel business as an example.
It is clear that CITIC Pacific Special Steel has the advantage of being the largest dedicated special steel manufacturer in China with a solid track record. We have a very strong team of professionals, many of whom have spent their entire lives in the business. While we outperformed the market in 2012, our executives still sought to analyse why, in the second half of the year, the plants incurred their first monthly loss in many years. They asked hard questions about how to raise margins, how to develop the market for new products such as special steel plates, how to stay ahead of competitors by continuing to improve product quality, and how to meet the changing and increasingly demanding needs of our customers. A number of issues were tackled, decisions made and realistic yet challenging targets set for 2013.
The reality is that the market for steel is unlikely to see major improvement in 2013. Steel producers will have to operate in an environment of excess capacity, moderate demand and low product prices. However, we still believe that special steel is different because of the specialised nature of its products and that it presents attractive growth potential. At the same time, being part of the big CITIC family means that support from CITIC Group is beneficial in the development of new markets for our special steel. For example, last year CITIC Group signed strategic cooperation agreements with China State Construction Engineering, China Shipbuilding and China International Marine Containers. Under these agreements, CITIC Pacific Special Steel will be given priority when these companies require special steel products. The strategy of differentiating ourselves, our products and our services, combined with our efforts to further develop domestic and international markets, reduce costs and increase the technology content of our products, will continue to raise the core competencies of our special steel business.
Our business model is clear concentrate on what we do best, and manage and grow the businesses by attending to the basics of earnings, cash flow and margins. Despite the difficult time we had last year, the fundamental strength of our businesses sustains us and ensures we are on the right path.
I believe that we are providing our investors an opportunity to participate in attractive growth areas that are very much part of the China story.
The goal I set for our businesses is to outperform the market. This can only be achieved by focusing on building competitive advantage.
For special steel, these are our understanding of the market, knowing what customers want and being able to supply them with excellent quality products and superb services. Our Sino Iron project in Australia is now producing high quality iron ore concentrate, and we expect it will be a market leader in the export of high quality iron ore concentrate in the future. Our property development business in mainland China remains well positioned because of an excellent portfolio of land banks and a team of 
I believe that we are providing our investors an opportunity to participate in attractive growth areas that are very much part of the China story.
We reward shareholders with steady dividends whenever possible: I clearly remember being grilled by shareholders in 2009 at my first annual general meeting as chairman, when for the only time in its history CITIC Pacific did not pay a final dividend. I made a promise to them that when we returned to profitability dividends would be paid, and that promise was kept later the same year. I am of the strong view that while it is important to retain earnings to reinvest in and grow the company, it is equally important that our shareholders be rewarded with steady 
We believe in continually improving our corporate governance: To build CITIC Pacific into one of the best managed companies in the world was a goal I set for our management in 2009. Some told me that I was too aggressive as it meant that we had to run instead of walk and we might upset some people and the system. Change is always difficult but we want to keep up with the times and global benchmarks. Looking at where we are now, we have certainly made significant improvement to our systems, our management roster, and the way we manage our company and answer to our shareholders. We are committed to making further improvements in 2013.
We recently changed the balance of our board by increasing the proportion of independent non-executive directors. The change, which was advocated by institutional investors, meets modern corporate governance standards as reflected in the new Stock Exchange of Hong Kong requirements. Independent directors also bring to our company diverse perspectives and expertise. My intention is to add more independent non-executive directors when suitable candidates are identified.
Why should someone work for CITIC Pacific? Being a good employer is not only good for employees, it should also matter to investors. The survival and prosperity of an organisation not only depends on its business assets but also on the human talent charged with protecting those assets, running the businesses, and generating returns for shareholders.
Expectations of employees are greater than ever. Today, it is no longer enough to simply offer job security. Training for our young people, opportunities for them to make a difference, and platforms on which they can develop into the leaders of the future are essential elements in attracting talent. Examples of our initiatives include the following: " Increasing the number of classes and training we provide to our staff across all business units and functional areas.
" Building a new training facility in our 
" Revamping the job appraisal process so as to link individual performance with remuneration, particularly for senior managers.
" Engaging a consulting firm to conduct a thorough study and assessment of CITIC Pacific s finance function three years ago and repeating it in 2012. The result showed a marked improvement in communication among our finance staff, and their satisfaction with the training provided was reward for the work we put in.
CITIC Pacific is a corporate brand to be proud of, one with staying power and one with vitality. The CITIC Group and CITIC Pacific brands are veritable symbols of the economic progress China has made in the last few decades. The pride in our history and brand permeates our culture. We are much larger than when we began, and decades from now we will be even bigger and stronger 
After four years of being the steward of this company, I have a good understanding of the elements of our culture, which very much align with those of the CITIC Group: honesty, creativity, cohesion, harmony, dedication and excellence.
These, combined with hard work and the diversity of our workforce, continue to attract the best young people. Looking at the organisation today, the diversity in our backgrounds, cultures and experiences is wonderful to see and represents a marked difference from a few years ago.
What responsibilities do we have to society? There is no denying that our business objective is to make a profit. But in the process of generating profits, we have a responsibility to society, especially the communities in which we operate, to use resources and energy wisely, to do no harm to the environment and to carry out our business activities sustainably. We have a responsibility to be a fair employer and to protect our workers safety and rights in China, in Hong Kong, in Australia and in every other market where we have businesses. Now that we operate on a global stage, we seek to raise our standards every single year.
We have done quite a lot of work on this front, particularly in the iron ore mining operation in Australia. Environmental management is a crucial aspect of the operation of a mine, and we have a well-established Environmental Management System that drives our performance across the site. The Leave No Trace programme, whose goal is to educate and promote awareness among our mine workforce on responsible and safe recreational behaviour, was a finalist for the Department of Mines and Petroleum 2012 Golden Gecko Award for Environmental Excellence. Building a sustainable and positive relationship with local indigenous people is also imperative. This trust is key to ensuring the future success of our Sino Iron project, alongside social and economic benefits such as employment and economic stimulus. An example of one of our many initiatives is our success in helping local aspiring business owners with support and access to financing.
On the business side, the 450MW power station at our mine site is the largest and cleanest power plant in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. In our steel plants and our Ligang Power station in China, the focus of the on-going work continues to be on reducing emissions, saving energy, eliminating outdated facilities and utilising by- products where possible.
In closing, I want to acknowledge the concerns our investors may have about our business challenges.
I am acutely aware that 2012 was not a good year for us in terms of our stock performance. But this should not overshadow the achievements we have made and the work we have done. I strongly believe that the underlying value of our businesses will flow through in the coming years, and that you, our shareholder, will benefit from it. There is no doubt that we will continue to be challenged but we pledge to have a closer dialogue with you. We believe that shareholders taking a long-term view will be rewarded by sticking with us, and we will strive to be good stewards of your investment in the years ahead.
The most critical asset in our organisation is our group of over 34,000 employees that I so take pride in. I thank them for being loyal and hard working. I thank our board for trusting me to lead this company, and I thank our investors and banks for their continued support.

