Chairman s Letter to Shareholders I am pleased to report to shareholders that in 2004 C ITIC Pacific achieved a net profit of HK$3,581 million, 175% more than 2003, as were earnings per share at HK$1.63. The board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.80 per share giving shareholders a total 2004 dividend of HK$1.10, an increase of 10% from 2003.
Better profit performance was seen in almost all of C ITIC Pacific s businesses particularly in the aviation, special steel manufacturing and power generation segments. The details are analysed and described later in this annual report to shareholders.
Our company not only made a significant gain in terms of profit growth in 2004, but also made progress in implementing our long term plans to expand our growing investment in the key sectors of the Chinese economy in which we have particular skills.

In January 2004 C ITIC Pacific purchased 20% of North United Power Corporation, which generates power for Inner Mongolia and the surrounding provinces and has ready supplies of coal nearby. Through 2004 construction of the Ligang Power Station phase III (2 x 600MW) and phase IV (2 x 600MW) and the Zhengzhou phase III (2 x 200MW) progressed according to plans leading to commercial operation in 2006 and 2007. In addition, an equal partnership of C ITIC Pacific and China Huaneng Power Group acquired a 40% stake in the Hanfeng Power Plant (2 x 660MW) located in Hebei Province in 2004.
Today, C ITIC Pacific has 2,916MW of attributable generating capacity, which will rise to 5,083MW on completion of the plants under 
The substantial increase in electricity generated by our power plants in 2004 compared with 2003 is evidence that demand for electric power remains strong in mainland China. Our belief is that as the Chinese economy continues to grow, the current low per capita consumption of power will rise, requiring a considerable increase in generating capacity.
With our many years of experience and expertise in building and operating power stations in mainland China, C ITIC Pacific is ideally placed to contribute to meeting the demand.
During 2004 there was a significant increase in the price of coal and obtaining a sufficient supply was a challenge to which management responded well by securing long-term supply contracts.
Special Steel Manufacturing Demand for high quality special steel products remain strong and our Jiangyin Xingcheng steel plant produced a record 1.76 million tonnes in 2004, 1.58 million tonnes was for domestic consumption and 182,040 tonnes was exported. Jiangyin Xingcheng continues to be a leader in the manufacture of special steel in China. To enhance its leading position in the special steel industry, Jiangyin Xingcheng is proceeding to cooperate with Sumitomo Metals Kokura to produce high-grade special steel primarily substituting existing imported auto-component grade steel.
In October 2004, C ITIC Pacific acquired a 95% stake in the Hubei Xin Yegang Co. (formerly Dongfang Iron and Steel Co.) in Huangshi, Hubei province,through which other assets were acquired including an interest in the Shenzhen Stock Exchange listed Daye Special Steel Co..Subject to regulatory approval, our interest in this company will increase to approximately 58%. In 2004,these plants manufactured approximately 1.73 million tonnes of steel.These acquisitions will strengthen our leading position in China s special steel market by expanding our product range and geographical coverage.
Our major customers are in the auto-component, power equipment, and machine tool industries where underlying demand is expected to grow considerably in the coming decade giving confidence in the future of the special steel sector.

Both Cathay Pacific and Dragonair experienced a dramatic turnaround compared with 2003 when the industry was severely affected by sars . In 2004 a record number of passengers were carried thanks to a better economic environment and the increasing number of mainland travellers to Hong Kong and other destinations.
Air China Cargo began official operation in January 2004 and had a profitable first year.
Higher oil prices remain a concern in the aviation sector but the management of all our airline associates have demonstrable success in reducing overall unit costs and become more efficient year-by-year and I am confident these efforts will continue in 2005.

Macau Telecom operates in an increasingly competitive market but is benefiting from the great economic development in Macau while, C ITIC Telecom 1616 has concentrated on improving margins on the considerable flow of traffic in and out of mainland China, and establishing the second Hong Kong internet exchange.

Occupancy of our Shanghai investment properties C ITIC Square and Royal Pavilion remains high and they provide stable rental income. In the past few years, these two properties, known for their quality and management, have established an excellent reputation and image in Shanghai s commercial and luxury residential markets.We are planning a 1 million sq. ft. commercial development in Ningbo Zhejiang province, to be also named C ITIC Square to further enhance our brand name.
As for our development properties, the first phase of our New Westgate Garden project is proceeding smoothly. The first 255 units were marketed in August 2004 and were all sold within a few days. The other units of the first phase are to be sold in batches in the first half of 2005. Given the strong demand for high quality housing, we are confident that excellent sales results will be achieved.
In December 2004, 1.45 million sq. ft. of land zoned for low-density residential development in the Qingpu district in Shanghai was bought in a public tender.We are also in the process of acquiring two blocks of land nearby to enhance the overall development. C ITIC Pacific will seek opportunities to gradually build up our land bank in mainland China for sustainable future development.
Performance of our Hong Kong investment properties was satisfactory in a recovering market with stable rental income, which contributes to the Group s substantial cash flow. Festival Walk, in particular, has seen rental returns increase over the years.
Land premiums have been settled on a 320,000 sq ft. residential and commercial development at Tung Chau Street, Kowloon, and the conversion of an agricultural land at Hung Shui Kiu, New Territories into 537,000 sq ft. of residential usage. The possibility of upgrading Grand Court, Kowloon is also being explored.
Marketing and Distribution Dah Chong Hong and Sims Trading continued to develop the infrastructure of their business in mainland China following a plan that expects solid results in the coming years. Our trading business operates in many different segments and products and every year the balance of business is different, but taking the whole, progress is made year-by-year.
In 2004 the general trading business made particular progress especially in Shiseido cosmetics and distribution of branded goods. The motor market in Hong Kong revived strongly compared with 2003, while in the mainland imported commercial vehicle sales were affected by tightened credit and the anticipation that the import quota system would be abolished on 31 
On 11 March 2005, C ITIC Pacific entered into an agreement with C ITIC Group to acquire at cost a 35% interest in Wal-Mart East China Stores Co.
The acquisition is subject to obtaining the necessary approvals from the relevant government authorities. The joint venture will operate Wal-Mart stores in the city of Shanghai as well as Zhejiang and Jiangsu provinces.
This acquisition will facilitate the development of our Marketing and Distribution business and will also bring synergies to our property 
The Group s financial position remains healthy with stable cash flows and sufficient available facilities to support the needs of our future expansion.
At the same time, C ITIC Pacific will continue to employ conservative and sound financial planning to ensure that our finances stay strong.

C ITIC Pacific s business is increasingly focused in mainland China where I expect continued high economic growth in the foreseeable future. The strategy of C ITIC Pacific is to develop the businesses we know and operate well to improve our returns,and increasing shareholder value is our ultimate objective. Our belief continues to be that a diversified business model is most appropriate to a company focusing on one geographical 
On behalf of all the directors, I thank all the staff of C ITIC Pacific for their hard work in the past year and hope that we will all work together for the future development and success of C ITIC Pacific.
Larry Yung Chi Kin 
