Chairman s Letter to Shareholders C ITIC Pacific s net profit for 2003 was HK$1,305 million, a decrease of 66% compared with the HK$3,875 million in 2002. This decline is due to the loss of income from the three bridges and two tunnels in Shanghai, which were sold, a decrease in aviation s contribution, and a HK$587 million provision against the value of investment properties. Fortunately the sars affected businesses recovered quickly, and a detailed analysis of their performance can be found in the Business and Financial Review sections of this report. The Board recommends maintaining the final dividend at the same level as 2002 of HK$0.7 per share.

A key business of C ITIC Pacific is the generation of electric power,and 2003 has provided C ITIC Pacific with the following excellent opportunities: The Ligang Power Station in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province is the flagship of our Company s power business. Construction of its third 2x600MW phase began in 2003 and operation is planned for 2006. The fourth phase, also 2x600MW, is expected to be operational in 2007. Equipment for both phases has already been ordered. C ITIC Pacific recently acquired an additional 9% of the Ligang Power Station Phases I and II and now owns 65%. Our shareholding in Phases III and IV will be higher at 73%.
Also in Wuxi, an application to build a Pumped Storage facility with a capacity of 700MW is being considered by the relevant authorities.
In January 2004 we became a 20% owner of the North United Power Corporation, which has an attributable generating capacity of 4,310MW, all in Inner Mongolia.Another 920MW of attributable capacity is being planned for 2004. North United Power Corporation is now a partnership between Inner Mongolia Electric Co. and two other major power companies China Huaneng Group and Shenhua Group. Inner Mongolia has substantial coal deposits making it an ideal location for power generation, both for the requirements in the autonomous region, and to supply electricity to North and Northeast China through the grid.
In coming years North United Power will continue to build additional capacity with the aim of becoming one of the largest power generation companies in mainland China.
Mainland China is short of power both today and in the long run as prosperity will continue to increase, so C ITIC Pacific is confident that there will be opportunities to expand our power generation business in the coming years.

In November C ITIC Pacific established a 20-year exclusive cooperative relationship with the All-China Sports Federation and the Chinese Olympic Committee to develop, operate and maintain an interactive platform for broadband digital sports using the brand Chinese Interactive Sports. Three websites are in operation: sport.org.cn providing accurate and authoritative sports reports; olympic.cn the official site of the Chinese Olympic Committee presented in English and Chinese, and sport.cn which integrates four existing sites: China Sports on-line, China E-Sports, China Sports Lottery and On-line Sports Goods. The China Sports Federation lists 99 official sports, and interest in them is intense throughout mainland China, so the opportunities presented to C ITIC Pacific through these ventures are immense.
During 2003, steps have been taken to develop data and e-commerce platforms, and a profitable on-line internet game has been marketed throughout mainland China which attracted over 10 million subscribers, and on occasions up to 210,000 simultaneous players. Having proved the operational aspects of the system, more products will be launched in 2004.
C ITIC 1616 s profit was reduced in 2003 as margins came under pressure, but margins have now stabilised, and the advantage of being Asia s largest idd wholesaler will be seen in the coming years.

Over the last 10 years, C ITIC Pacific has developed a very successful business manufacturing steel for specialised uses such as ball bearings, gears and automobile springs. In 2003, a record 1.7 million tonnes was produced, of which 145,000 tonnes was exported. Jiangyin Xing Cheng has the highest production of bearing steel in mainland China. In partnership with Sumitomo Metals, a one million tonne expansion will begin shortly. Building on this experience, in February 2004 C ITIC Pacific entered into an agreement to purchase 95% of the Daye Special Steel Mill at Huangshi, Hubei Province which in 2003 manufactured 1.3 million tonnes of specialty steel, and plans 2 million tonnes in 2004. In January 2004 C ITIC Pacific increased its ownership in its existing Jiangyin Special Steel Plant to 79% by purchasing shares from our partner.We plan to reorganise and expand our enlarged steel interests and become the market leader in specialty steel in mainland China.

The 1st phase of the New Westgate Garden residential development in Shanghai is targeting for pre-sale in 2004, and completion 20052006.
We also own a parcel of land with a site area of about 4.7million sq. feet near the Shanghai Pudong airport for future development for logistics purposes. Our investment properties of C ITIC Square and Royal Pavilion are doing well.A number of other development opportunities in different locations are under negotiation, and we are confident of the continued opportunities that the growth of the Chinese economy will present in the 
Both Cathay Pacific and Dragonair had a difficult time in the first half of 2003, but by early 2004 record numbers of passengers were being carried.
Cathay Pacific and Dragonair s success depends on a healthy economy in China delivering more passengers from the mainland China, and in this expanding market both airlines should do well. C ITIC Pacific s joint venture with Air China Cargo officially began operation in January 2004, and we are confident that it will benefit from the increasing economic activities in mainland China.

A major breakthrough was made in extending our waste treatment businesses in Hong Kong to Shanghai when the Shanghai government awarded our joint venture the contract to design, construct, operate and maintain the Phase 4 of Laogang Municipal Waste Landfill. There should be many more such opportunities in the future as Chinese cities focus on 
Marketing and Distribution Dah Chong Hong and Sims Trading had good results even though the business in Hong Kong was disappointing, this was more than offset by the performance in other parts of mainland China. Throughout mainland China, both dch and Sims will continue their systematic expansion building markets and sales networks and modernising operating facilities while building sophisticated control systems alongside.

C ITIC Capital Markets had an exceptional and profitable year in its first full year of operation, and has established a fine reputation in asset management and investment banking in a very short time.

C ITIC Pacific is taking new opportunities to expand through mainland China where we expect continued economic growth to create more opportunities in the future. C ITIC Pacific s overriding objective is to increase shareholder value, and I am confident that the new projects, in combination with the stable and profitable current businesses, will do so.
We will remain focused mainly in areas of greatest expertise power generation, communications, special steel manufacturing, aviation, property and trading.
C ITIC Pacific is financially robust with low leverage and ample cash and unused financial facilities, giving sufficient resources to execute our 
On behalf of all the directors, I would like to thank our bankers and investors for their continued support; and to thank the staff of C ITIC Pacific and its subsidiaries and associates who have worked so hard in the last year. Their commitment to C ITIC Pacific and its future is the basis of 
Larry Yung Chi Kin 
