Chairman s Letter to Shareholders C ITIC Pacific s performance in 2002 was more than satisfactory. Profits rose 85% to reach HK $3,902 million, and in doing so generated significant cash flow. In light of the good performance, it is proposed to pay shareholders a special dividend of HK $1.00 per share in addition to a final dividend of HK $0.70. This result has been brought about by our focusing on traditional businesses, working hard to raise revenue and finding more efficient ways to do business.
The aviation business was robust in 2002. Cathay Pacific s profit increase was five times 2001 s results, and Dragonair posted a 60% gain in profit compared with 2001. Increased demand for both passenger and cargo transportation, combined with new products and well managed unit costs, confirm C ITIC Pacific s belief in the potential of the airline business in China.
On 3 March 2003, C ITIC Pacific signed an agreement with Air China and Beijing Capital Airport Group Corporation to form Air China Cargo Co. Ltd in which C ITIC Pacific has a 25% interest. This joint venture will handle all of Air China s existing and future international and domestic cargo and their related ground service businesses. As China has become the world s manufacturing base and the joint venture has the largest domestic and international networks of all Chinese airlines, it will certainly benefit from increasing air cargo volume.
As envisaged, our communications businesses have become more significant and now represent 12% of the contribution of all businesses compared with 10% in 2001. C ITIC Telecom 1616 s IDD wholesale business has grown to become the Asian market leader. It is now serving more than 165 telecom carriers in over 80 countries, setting the foundation for future value added service business. Short Message Switching is being developed and has shown good future prospects.
CPCN et launched its TrueConnect VPN to customers in the Greater China region, which has proved to be a success. CPCN et s traditional business has maintained its solid base of corporate customers using its connectivity solutions to the Internet. Despite increased competition, CTM s profits rose due to a larger number of both mobile and Internet subscribers. Communications businesses have great potential and are expected to grow further in the coming years.
Our existing power stations continued to operate smoothly generating a total of 14,046 million kwh, an increase of 23% over 2001. The Ligang power station generated a record 8,505 million kwh of total electricity reflecting the increased demand for electricity in Eastern China. Following the completion of the second 200 MW unit at the Hohhot co-generation plant and the first 100 MW unit at Jilin, the second 100 MW unit in Jilin will be completed in June 2003. Preparation work for the third phase of Ligang (2 x 600 MW ) is currently underway.
Approval for construction is expected soon. The first unit is expected to commence operation in 2006. China s power industry is now operating under new, clearer policies, under which we believe there will be many opportunities for independent power producers such as C ITIC Pacific who provide the excellent management and efficient production necessary for success.
Contracts for the civil facilities in Shanghai came under review pursuant to the State Council directive that all projects with guaranteed returns had to be renegotiated. C ITIC Pacific began investing in large infrastructure projects in Shanghai in early 1990s to assist the City s, in particular, Pudong s economic development. The Shanghai government has always followed through its contractual commitment to C ITIC Pacific. We have had several recent friendly meetings with the relevant authorities in Shanghai. The final outcome is still awaited.
In Hong Kong, traffic at the Eastern Tunnel was adversely affected by the opening of the Tseung Kwan O extension to the Mass Transit Railway. The toll increase at the Western Harbour tunnel in February 2003 is expected to alleviate financial strain.
Our marketing and distribution business performed satisfactorily in 2002. The total number of vehicles sold in Hong Kong declined 23%.
Although Dah Chong Hong s market share increased by 4%, total sales in this market declined 8%. Overall, Dah Chong Hong s turnover 
The Mainland China automobile market has grown rapidly in recent years. Our auto sales in Mainland China in 2002 more than doubled the level in 2001. In both motor and general trading, Dah Chong Hong will continue to develop its businesses in Mainland China, and is following a systematic program of expansion of its sale network, operating facilities and control systems. Up to now, more than 20 integrated sales, service and spare parts centres, regional parts distribution and traditional service centres in 14 cities have been set up.
In Hong Kong, the new vehicle registration tax was raised significantly in the recent budget, which will have a potentially serious effect on vehicle sales, in particular, the sales of luxury vehicles. In addition, the new budget also proposed increases in taxes of other categories including salaries tax. This, again, will be negative to Dah Chong Hong s and Sims Trading s overall business. Both Dah Chong Hong and Sims Trading will continue to reduce the cost of delivering their products, eliminate costs that are not productive today, while investing money in areas that are relevant to the future.
In late 2002, C ITIC Pacific s major shareholder C ITIC signed a joint venture agreement with Wal-Mart to develop stores in Eastern China. Dah Chong Hong has already begun working actively to find ways in which its expertise in sourcing and delivering products can be of value to Wal-Mart.
On the property front, in January 2002, we purchased C ITIC Square and Royal Pavilion, both located in Shanghai. They made a first contribution to the Group s profits. The foundation work of Westgate Garden a large residential development property in the Huang Pu district of the city began in late 2002. We are actively pursuing opportunities to expand our property business in Mainland China.
In Hong Kong, sales at Discovery Bay s Siena One were good, and those at Siena Two are slower. C ITIC Tower and other investment properties remain well let, but rentals are soft. The Festival Walk shopping centre remains very popular and returns are steady.

