Chairman s Letter to Shareholders 
CITIC Pacific has transformed itself from a company with a diverse set of investments into an operating company that focuses on three main businesses.

CITIC Pacific recorded a profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of HK$9,233 million in 2011, which was 4% higher than 2010. It is worth noting that 77% was from our continuing business operations, whereas it was 58% in 2010.
During 2011, we raised a total of HK$34 billion in new financing from banks and the capital markets, including the issuance of US$750 million in preferred securities which strengthened our equity account. At the end of the year, we had bank deposits and available committed facilities of HK$46 billion, sufficient to meet our near-term investment needs. I take note that we have maturing debt that needs to be refinanced, and this process is well underway. The sale of our 50% interest in CITIC Guoan, once approved, will give us over HK$4 billion in additional cash.
Gearing is still at a fairly high level of 46%, reflecting continued investment in our main businesses, particularly the Sino Iron project in Western Australia. However, I believe this is a short-term phenomenon. Substantial cash is expected to be generated to reduce the debt once our mine 
A final dividend of HK$0.30 per share has been recommended by our board to give shareholders a full year dividend of HK$0.45 per share. Both are at the same level as last year. The dividend has to balance the needs of the shareholders and the investment needs of the company, and when the latter diminish in future years the board will consider recommending a higher dividend.
I have two objectives when writing to shareholders.
First, I want to update you on the progress of our business during the year under review and, second, to reflect on my expectations for the year ahead.
Until our iron ore mine becomes operational, my focus, time and energy, and indeed that of the entire management team, will be on completing the construction of the mine and paving the way for its successful operation for many years to come.
My message to you in this year s report is that we consider bringing the mine into operation as early as possible to be our primary and most pressing task. We are committed to what we have set out to do, and I say with confidence that we will 
CITIC Pacific has transformed itself from a company with a diverse set of investments into an operating company that focuses on three main businesses.
They now account for over 70% of our total assets.
We are a much stronger company structurally with improved systems and a strengthened 
The special steel business has established itself as a leader in its field, and our property business is doing well and is self-funding. Our most important investment, Sino Iron, will help shape our future.
Building this mine has been no easy task. I, along with Zhang Jijing, our managing director, and Dr. Hua Dongyi, our senior project leader in Australia, have had many sleepless nights as we set out to do something no one else had done before on this scale, and not on our home territory. We have learned a tremendous amount and the insights we have gained on all fronts have been rich, strengthening our ability to run the company.
Iron Ore Mining Let me address two issues, which I am sure are on your mind: construction progress and the capital required to build the project. Construction of the Sino Iron project is divided into two parts.
The first mining, the building of the power station, desalination plant and port area is managed directly by CITIC Pacific Mining. The second involves China Metallurgical Corporation ( MCC ), the engineering, procurement and construction contractor for the processing activities such as the concentrators, crushers, slurry pipeline, and related facilities. As mentioned in our December 2011 update, facilities under our direct responsibility are all ready for integrated commissioning.
Many areas under MCC s management have experienced delays. By design, the Sino Iron concentration activity will have six production lines. In the agreement signed in December, MCC committed to having the first and second production lines commence production no later than 31 August and 31 December of 2012.
Significant progress was made in 2011. In addition to getting the power station, desalination plant and port area ready, the 30-kilometre slurry pipeline was also completed. Construction and installation of the processing and dewatering plants for the first production line are in their final phases.
Work remaining is mainly related to the installation and testing of instruments as well as electrical and control systems. For the second production line, work on the steel structure, equipment installation, piping and electrical systems has commenced.
The four grinding mills that make up lines three and four are now on site.
CITIC Pacific Mining is in the process of taking over equipment procurement and forming a joint task force with MCC to direct work related to the commissioning and safety aspects of the project, even though all these remain the contractual responsibility of MCC.
We consider bringing the mine into operation as early as possible to be our primary and most pressing task.
We agreed in December to pay MCC an additional US$822 million, which brings the total contractual amount for MCC s work to US$3,407 million.
The additional amount is necessary for them to complete the construction and commissioning of the first two production lines as well as the shared facilities for all six lines. We are certainly unhappy about the increased costs. MCC told us that they underestimated the complexity and the amount of work involved in constructing and commissioning a project in Australia. The reality is that construction costs for all mining projects have risen significantly in the last few years due to rising equipment and labour costs as well as the increased value of the Australian dollar. At this point we are at a crucial stage of the project s development, and we are convinced that changing contractors now would mean further delays and potentially even higher costs. Having given this matter great consideration, we believe that working with MCC to ensure the completion and commissioning of the first two lines is the optimal course.
I am often asked about my view on the future price of iron ore. No one can claim to predict market movements with certainty, and I do not pretend to be an expert on this subject. What I can say is that there are approximately seven billion people on the planet, and most of them are in developing countries. The industrialisation and urbanisation of these developing economies will drive demand for steel and thus for iron ore. CITIC Pacific will not only be selling iron ore, but we will also be using the material ourselves for our special steel plants in China, so we are on both ends of the market.
This gives us a great strategic advantage in terms of vertical integration. The project will not only provide a secure source of iron ore to our steel plants but also to other steel manufacturers in China. As I am also the Chairman of CITIC Group, I can assure you that CITIC Group has and will continue to provide full support to the future development of the Sino Iron project.
In November 2011, there were two important developments in the Australian parliament.
The Minerals Resource Rent Tax ( MRRT ) was passed by the lower house and, if approved by the upper house, will become law with effect from 1 July 2012. We were disappointed that magnetite iron ore was not excluded from the MRRT. However, the legislation sets the taxing at the first point of processing the primary crusher where the value of the material is low. Thus, the tax we are likely to pay should also be low.
The Clean Energy Act also became law in November, resulting in the imposition of a fixed price on carbon emissions beginning 1 July 2012 up until the point when Australia transitions to an emissions trading scheme. The introduction of this carbon charge will clearly have a financial impact on our project, but fortunately our gas fired power station the primary source of CO 2 emissions has been built with one of the most energy-efficient designs available. The magnetite industry creates economic and employment benefits in Australia and reduces carbon emissions on a global basis. The government has agreed to provide some assistance, although this is insufficient in our view. We will continue to work with other magnetite producers to lobby the government for further assistance.

The first half of 2011 showed strong demand for steel products but the second half, particularly the last quarter of the year, was much weaker.
Still, our special steel business was able to achieve HK$1,994 million in profit contribution. Excluding the loss incurred on eliminating outdated facilities, the contribution from our steel mills was 11% more than last year.
In China s 12 th Five-year Plan for the iron and steel industry published in late 2011, CITIC Pacific Special Steel was acknowledged as a leader in the special steel industry. As a relative newcomer, we are very proud of this recognition. When we went into special steel in 1993, the annual production capacity at the Jiangyin Xingcheng plant was just 210,000 tonnes. In the last 18 years, through organic growth and the addition of the Hubei Xin Yegang plant we have become the biggest dedicated special steel manufacturer in China with 9 million tonnes of annual production capacity. Despite facing a great deal of scepticism early on, we have persevered and proved to be an industry leader.
As in any industry, merely being the biggest is not enough; in order to stay ahead of the pack we must lead in technology. China s 12 th Five-year Plan for the steel industry encourages manufacturers to raise product quality, provide technological innovations, eliminate outdated facilities, and step up energy conservation and emission reduction.
We have put a lot of effort into these areas over the years, and this work will continue. Our steel plants are now supplying over 3,000 different types and specifications of special steel to customers, and 39% of them in 2011 were high-end products.
My colleagues running this business operate under the principle that each year a certain percentage of lower-end products should be substituted with higher ones. This effort has paid off as we are now producing some of the best quality products in the industry, and I am proud to say some of our steel has been put into orbit as a component part of China s Shenzhou spacecrafts. I was told recently by my steel colleagues that we are now the only company in the world capable of producing one-metre diameter big casting round billet. To reduce emissions and increase efficiency, two smaller blast furnaces and one electric arc furnace were closed in 2011, and bigger, more efficient ones were built.
Chairman s Letter to Shareholders We are a much stronger company structurally with improved systems and a strengthened 
I am pleased at what we achieved in 2011 despite the challenging market. Looking at 2012, we believe that it will likely be another tough year for steel producers in China. A tightened credit policy and other measures taken at all levels of the government to moderate the rapid growth of the property market in China will filter down to impact the demand for steel in general, which will also put pressure on special steel prices. The global economic outlook remains unclear and thus may affect steel exports. However, despite these challenges my colleagues at the steel plants remain confident that the business can continue to be profitable by increasing the quality of our products and improving our ability to respond to market changes. These efforts, coupled with technology innovation and excellent customer relationships, will ensure our leadership position in the industry.
Property in mainland China In 2011, completed residential units in a number of our mainland China projects together with the twin office towers in Shanghai were delivered to buyers. However, sales of residential projects were markedly slower in the second half of 2011 as a result of measures put in place by the Chinese government to regulate the property market.
We believe that the current situation is likely to continue for some time and affect the level of sales in 2012.
So what do we do in a slow market? Although property development is one of the key businesses of CITIC Pacific, we are not solely dependent on property development for our profit. The relatively low cost of our land banks, together with our financial strength, gives us the flexibility to adjust our development pace and sales strategy.
Although residential sales have slowed, commercial properties have not been much affected. We continue to see strong interest in our Lu Jia Zui financial district project in Shanghai, where many financial institutions want to place their regional headquarters. We are now in negotiations with interested parties to do so.
In a difficult market, it is all the more important to differentiate ourselves from others by offering We have become the biggest dedicated special steel manufacturer in China with 9 million tonnes of annual 
customers quality products and superb services, thereby creating brand loyalty. In fact, in 2011 we re-positioned some of our developments and created the CITIC Pacific Property brand for all of our projects. Long term, we are still strong believers that the Chinese property market will grow and develop with the country s economy.
At the board and senior management level, we continue to focus on building a culture of strong corporate governance, fiduciary responsibility and respect for all shareholders. We take seriously our mission to create long-term value for all our shareholders, and we strive to create a positive workplace for our employees and developing them to their fullest.
In closing, I want to thank our employees for all their hard work. I would also like to say thank you to our board, our investors and banks for their trust 
2012 is the year of the dragon in the Chinese zodiac.
The dragon is feisty, dynamic and self-assured, and these are attributes I like to associate with CITIC Pacific, especially at this point in time.
I strongly believe that at CITIC Pacific we have the spirit and the strength to succeed. I am very proud of what we have achieved both in business and as an organisation, and I am honoured and humbled to be leading this company.

