Chairman s Letter to Shareholders I am pleased to report that our group recorded a net profit of HK$10,843 million for the year 2007, surpassing the HK$10 billion mark for the first time.
This represents a growth of 31% from the historic high of HK$8,272 million set in 2006. Earnings per share were HK$4.91. The board has recommended paying a final dividend of HK$0.80 per share. Including the regular (HK$0.40) and special (HK$0.20) dividend per share already paid at the interim, the total dividend per share for the year will be HK$1.40.
In 2007, we continued to focus on developing our three core businesses special steel manufacturing, iron ore mining and property development in mainland China and increased our investments in them. We also continued to divest our non-core businesses. This included the listings of C ITIC 1616 and Dah Chong Hong. By listing these companies as separate entities, we are further demonstrating our focus on our core businesses. In addition, this helped to further unlock the true value of our Group as a whole.
Now let me report on our businesses, which all performed well in 2007. Detailed descriptions of them can be found in the Business Review section of our 
C ITIC Pacific s special steel business has expanded rapidly in recent years, and has become the main growth driver for our recurring earnings. Profit contribution from this business was HK$2,242 million in 2007, an increase of 68% from 2006.
Jiangyin Xingcheng Special Steel s new production line was completed and full production began in 2007.
The equipment and technology employed by this line are the most advanced of their type in not just China, but globally. Its products are of high quality and will be highly competitive. Profitability is expected to rise as a result.
Xin Yegang and Daye Special Steel continued their solid performance and increased profits. A newly constructed 900,000 tonne coking plant was completed in 2007 and is already profitable. A production line for the manufacturing of steel tubes with a diameter of 460mm is being constructed and is progressing well. Once completed, it will become a new contributor to Xin Yegang s profit growth.
Since becoming a member of C ITIC Pacific in the second half of 2006, Shijiazhuang Steel has been integrated into our special steel operation. In 2007, its productivity improved and profit grew significantly.
Located in Northern China, Shijiazhuang Steel will cooperate with and complement Jiangyin Xingcheng Special Steel in Eastern China and Xin Yegang Daye Special Steel in Central China. Together they form an iron triangle, ideally located to cover the primary special steel markets in the major industrial regions 
C ITIC Pacific Special Steel, through its three production bases, will continue to increase investment, improve its product mix, and expand its production capacity to further solidify its leading position in the production of special steel in China 
We recently acquired a 30% interest in a coal mine located in Shandong Province. Once built, the mine will be capable of producing up to six million tonnes per annum of high quality coal for use in the production of coking coal. Surging demand in recent years for iron ore and coke, which are key raw materials needed in the steel manufacturing process, resulted in a tight supply and a significant increase in their prices. To ensure the supply of these important raw materials, we invested in iron ore mining, coking coal mining and coke production facilities. After the completion of our iron ore mine in Australia in the next two years, we will have a secure supply of iron ore and coke for our steel business. As such, our overall competitive advantage will be further enhanced.
These investments are strategically important to the expansion of our special steel business.
Iron Ore Mining Progress is being made at our iron ore mine in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. We obtained the right to mine an additional one billion tonnes of ore after the reserve was proven, increasing our total mining rights to two billion tonnes. This large scale magnetite ore project has world class technologies and is capable of producing 27.6 million tonnes of products per annum. Production is expected to begin in 2009 2010.
Our mine, upon completion, will provide a long-term stable supply of iron ore to our steel plants and to other steel manufacturers in China. C ITIC Pacific also holds options to purchase the mining rights up to an additional four billion tonnes.
To transport the ore, we purchased twelve 115,000 dwt bulk carriers. These ships are specially designed with wide bodies, and can travel from Australia to the Yangtze River and dock at our own port in Jiangyin Xingcheng Special Steel without the need to transship.
This will lower transportation costs and improve efficiency. We are also studying the possibility of building an ore piling facility in the Yangtze River area to establish an iron ore logistics system.

Property development in mainland China is one of our core businesses. The Chinese government recently implemented measures to prevent the overheating of the property market and sharp increases in property prices. We believe that in the long-term, with the continuing development of the Chinese economy, market demand for quality properties will remain strong. We have confidence in the long-term prospects of the property market in mainland China and we will continue to seek opportunities to increase our land bank.
Phase One (260,000 square metres) of our Shanghai Lu Jia Zui New Financial District Project includes two landmark office towers each with a gross floor area of 100,000 square metres, a top quality hotel and serviced apartments. All buildings will be on top of a large retail podium. The project will also include underground vehicular access, a large car park and other related facilities. Completion of Phase One is targeted for 2010. Preparation for Phase Two and Three are ongoing. Demand for Grade A offices and commercial properties in Shanghai remain strong.
This project has attracted the attention of large institutions in China and internationally, and many of them have expressed keen interests in buying or leasing the buildings.
Our large residential and commercial development in the Qingpu District in Shanghai is progressing well.
Units with a gross floor area of about 10,000 square metres were launched for pre-sale at the end of 2007 and all units were quickly sold. Located at the junction of Jiangsu Province, Zhejiang Province and Shanghai, Qingpu enjoys convenient transportation and a nice living environment and good potential for value appreciation. The project also includes a five-star hotel which will be managed by a well-known international hotel group.
Progress is also being made at our residential development project in the city center of Yangzhou in Jiangsu Province. Pre-sale of 265 units in Phase One began in the fourth quarter of 2007. As a result of the positive response from the market, most of these units 
In our New Westgate Garden Phase One residential development, with the exception of a few units, most have been sold.
Our large integrated development project in Wanning City in Hainan Province is going well. Phase One will include four hotels and auxiliary facilities. These hotels will be managed by internationally renowned hotel groups. Construction of the hotels has begun.
Work has also commenced on a world class golf course, a club house and other related facilities. Our goal is to develop the project into a large integrated community that is suitable for both tourists and residents. As living standards rise, we believe that demand will surely increase for high quality properties that provide an excellent environment and unique design. Our Hainan Island project has tremendous potential and will meet this demand.
Our investment properties in Shanghai and Hong Kong remain well let and have recorded good growth in rental income.
Units in Phase 13 (Chianti) of our Discovery Bay development in Hong Kong are mostly sold.
Foundation work for Phase 14 has been completed and superstructure work will begin soon.

Our aviation, power generation and cross harbour tunnel businesses all performed well in 2007.
Benefiting from an increase in passengers, Cathay Pacific s profit for the full year rose a significant 72% to reach HK$7,023 million, which is a historic high.
Phase IV (2x600MW) at our Ligang Power Station began commercial operation recently. Together with other units that are in operation, Ligang is now one of the largest coal-fired power plants in China with a total installed capacity of 3,800MW. The Eastern and Western Harbour Tunnels in Hong Kong operated smoothly and total tunnel profits as well as cash flow increased compared with last year.
C ITIC 1616 and Dah Chong Hong performed well in 2007 and had good profit growth. Following their listings, the ability of both companies to raise capital was enhanced with the establishment of their own capital markets platforms. This should be beneficial to the long-term development of these two companies.
Looking to the Future After years of hard work, our three core businesses special steel manufacturing, iron ore mining and property development in mainland China are becoming more mature. Our market leading position in special steel will continue to improve, and we expect this business to remain a major contributor to our group s recurring earnings in the next two years.
Once our iron ore mine in Australia is completed, it will become a new source of earnings growth for us.
We are confident that our property projects in the Yangtze River Delta area centered around Shanghai and our land bank in Hainan Island are of high quality and have excellent growth potential. Even though the recent sub-prime problems have resulted in uncertainties in other markets, we believe that the Chinese economy will maintain its growth momentum for the foreseeable future. We will be able to capture opportunities and leverage our expertise to expand and develop our core businesses to achieve higher returns for our shareholders.
On behalf of all the directors, I would like to express my sincere thanks to everyone at C ITIC Pacific for their hard work and contribution, and to our investors, bankers and everyone else for their 
Larry Yung Chi Kin 
