Chairman’s letter to shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
As we reflect on 2016 and events such as the Brexit
vote, the US presidential election and continued
political and economic tensions across the world,
global companies are grappling with pronounced
uncertainty and volatility. At home, China’s
economy is in the midst of a structural transition,
as industrial output and double digit growth
moderate but consumption, services, and higher
value-added manufacturing increase. The world is
changing, and companies need to stay nimble and
prepare to adapt, while striking a balance between
reacting to outside factors and navigating steadily
through rough waters to achieve their business
goals.
We live in an increasingly interconnected world,
where one nation’s interests can easily converge
with another’s. Countries, and indeed companies,
have become interdependent. At CITIC, we know
from our own transformation over the last 38 years
that we have become more dependent than ever
on our global customers and partners, and they on
us. Economic globalisation has brought all of us
closer.
These days, CITIC and its subsidiaries employ
people of different nationalities across many
countries. We’re involved in cross-border capital
flows as well as the sharing of ideas and best
practices. We have not only absorbed technology
from abroad but exported technology to the world,
such as magnetite iron ore mining and processing
to Western Australia’s mineral-rich Pilbara region.
When we operate in other countries, we seek
to harness local expertise. Likewise, when our
business partners work with us in China, we offer
them our “Chinese DNA” and the knowledge
we’ve accumulated over many decades. Our new
partnership with McDonald’s is a case in point.
I remember in 1992 when the world’s largest
McDonald’s at the time opened in the centre of
Beijing, and I can vividly recall the novelty of eating
a Big Mac in China. Fast-forward to 2017, and I am
again struck by the changing times, as this year
CITIC announced plans to acquire a majority stake
in McDonald’s business in mainland China and
Hong Kong, where it already serves over one billion
people annually in its more than 2,600 restaurants.
McDonald’s is ubiquitous here now, but it was
not always so. Such is the deep-rooted impact
of globalisation that there’s now a generation of
Chinese citizens who have never known a China
devoid of the golden arches on the main streets
of their towns and cities. There are many more
examples of popular international brands that have
become a part of Chinese consumers’ everyday
lives. As the world and China evolve, so does CITIC.
Our 2016 Results
Profit attributable to ordinary shareholders for
2016 was HK$43.1 billion. Although this was a
modest 3% increase from last year, there is no
doubt that the challenging operating environment
continued to affect our businesses. Other factors
affecting the result included our reduced interest
in CITIC Bank and the depreciation of the Renminbi
given that our reporting currency is the Hong Kong
dollar. Breaking down the result further, a noncash
impairment charge of HK$7.2 billion (after
tax) was made on our Sino Iron mine, mainly due
to lower forecasts for the long-term price of iron
ore. On the other hand, a gain of HK$10.3 billion
was recorded when the sale of residential property
assets in mainland China to China Overseas Land
and Investment was completed.
The board recommends a final dividend payment
of HK$0.23 per share, thus giving shareholders a
total dividend of HK$0.33 per share for the year
2016, 10% more than last year.
In the financial services sector, CITIC Bank’s profit
grew slightly, dampened by a higher impairment
for non-performing loans. Non-interest income
improved, as CITIC Bank continued to diversify
its revenue streams. Due to a lacklustre A share
market, CITIC Securities saw its profit decrease
significantly. CITIC-Prudential, on the other hand,
saw its premium income grow, leading to an 
increase in its net profit. CITIC Trust profit for the
year remained stable. In our 2016 annual report
we will spotlight CITIC Trust, a market leader in the
growing Chinese trust sector.
In the non-financial sector, CITIC Pacific Special
Steel and CITIC Dicastal continued to impress. Net
profit from our steel business rose significantly due
to an optimal product mix and lower raw material
cost, the result of an effective procurement
strategy. Strong demand for CITIC Dicastal’s
products, particularly wheels, delivered double
digit growth in revenue and net profit. However,
CITIC Heavy Industries suffered a considerable
loss due to factors that included continuing weak
demand from downstream industries for heavy
machinery and equipment, and an impairment
charge. Going forward, in addition to further
strengthening its core competencies, CITIC Heavy
Industries will accelerate the development and
application of products in new areas such as
special purpose robots, which are seeing increasing
demand.
In the engineering and construction area, although
profits were lower in 2016, we are encouraged to
see new projects coming on board, such as a road
rehabilitation project in Kazakhstan and the KK
Phase II municipal infrastructure project in Angola.
For the property business, our focus is on
developing large integrated projects in cities
with strong development potential. I am glad to
report that we recently acquired four mixed-use
commercial projects in Wuhan with a total gross
floor area of approximately 2.7 million m².
In the resources area, the performance of CITIC
Resources improved compared with 2015. At our
Sino Iron mine in Western Australia, construction
of all six processing lines was completed, and our 
operational focus is now on ramping up production,
improving efficiency and lowering operating
cost. While progress has been significant, we face
ongoing challenges that go beyond the usual
operational issues associated with such a massive
industrial undertaking. To place Sino Iron on a longterm
sustainable footing, the cooperation of other
parties is critically important. As we reported last
month, resolution of matters involving Mineralogy
will have a major bearing on the future viability of
Sino Iron.
Embracing the Consumer Economy
When we announced the McDonald’s transaction,
I was asked by many friends and colleagues why
CITIC made this investment and how we can help
this successful global brand grow further in China.
The fact that China’s economy is now the second
largest in the world is well known, and its shift to
consumption and services is one of the defining
stories of the early 21st century. However, the
country’s consumption as a proportion of GDP is
still very low in comparison with more developed
markets. Continued urbanisation, an expanding
middle class and increasing discretionary household
income should translate into further spending.
Against this backdrop, we believe that there is still
huge growth potential for McDonald’s, particularly
in Tier 3 and 4 cities.
Our investment and partnership with McDonald’s
gives CITIC direct exposure to this exciting
growth dynamic. CITIC’s rich resources and local
knowledge can help this fast food giant reach
its full potential in China. In return, McDonald’s
extensive network and consumer base will provide
us with invaluable insights, which we will leverage
to the benefit of our existing businesses.
CITIC’s participation in the consumer space was
already broad before the McDonald’s deal and will
continue to expand. We have a range of businesses
that are serving this growing sector. Our subsidiary
Dah Chong Hong has been distributing motor
vehicles, food and consumer products in Asia
for decades and has recently secured a foothold
in healthcare through the acquisition of LF Asia.
International brands come to Dah Chong Hong
to understand the complex market landscape in
China and other Asian countries and ensure that
their products are skillfully distributed to their
target consumers.
Our banking and financial services businesses
have been competing in the consumer space for
many years. The innovative financial products we
design and offer are rooted in our understanding
of customers’ needs. Our venture into fintech is the
latest example. CITIC Bank has joined forces with
Baidu to form Baixin Bank, a direct banking service
provider. CITIC Bank owns 70% of the Beijing-based
lender, and Baidu holds the remainder. Competing
in this area further extends our reach to an even
wider community, in particular a new breed of
internet-savvy consumers.
Another very interesting example of our consumerfacing
businesses is CITIC Press. This is a relatively
small but growing business in our large CITIC
family. In 2016, it generated a net profit of RMB128
million, which was 28% more than the previous
year. By anticipating and adapting to readers’
changing needs, CITIC Press has evolved from a
traditional publisher to an intellectual property hub
and a content curator. Through both its digital and
brick-and-mortar channels, CITIC Press influences
millions of Chinese readers. Today, people like to
link a company’s survival to its “e-power”. For CITIC
Press, success rests on its passion for knowledge
and ability to inspire, from enlightening children 
via educational and learning series to equipping
executives with professional training and enriching
people from all walks of life.
Not that long ago in China, big companies had all
the power in determining what products would
be made available to the market. That era is long
gone, and consumption models have changed
to reflect the primacy of customer desires and
demands. With greater mobile penetration, people
have never been more informed when it comes
to making their purchasing decisions. Choice is
at their fingertips, and only the companies that
observe closely and respond appropriately will
endure.
At CITIC, we know well that old business models are
being disrupted by technological advancement.
We are determined to stay on the front foot and
challenge ourselves to view our businesses through
the lens of customers. Underpinned by the inherent
strength of our existing businesses, we’re well
positioned to capture emerging opportunities both
in China’s maturing economy and abroad. We’re
guided by an investment strategy that is customercentric,
commercially-driven and supported by a
disciplined approach to ensure the wise and timely
allocation of capital and resources.
Conclusion
In President Xi Jinping’s recent keynote speech
at Davos, he referenced Charles Dickens’ famous
line, “It was the best of times, it was the worst of
times”, to describe the contradictions of the period
we are living through. I believe that it is up to us as
companies and individual managers to embrace
the opportunities presented by this period of
uncertainty, turning them to our advantage. In
order to flourish and create long-term value for our
shareholders, we will have to be market leaders 
and prudent planners, looking inside and outside
the company today to identify the businesses of
tomorrow.
CITIC Limited is committed to good governance
and serving the interests of all shareholders and
the society at large. As we take steps to reshape
our business, your continued support, patience and
understanding are appreciated. Thank you for your
faith in us.
Chang Zhenming
Chairman
Hong Kong, 23 March 2017