Chairman s Statement 
2014 was without doubt a turbulent year for China s property market. The moderating growth of the country s economy, further exacerbated by weak property market conditions, created a challenging operating environment for property players. As a significant participant in the Chinese property market, Shui On Land s unavoidably saw some impacts to our financial performance during 2014. However, challenges notwithstanding, 2014 remained a year of meaningful progress for our Group following a change in management structure and a fine-tuning of our corporate strategy and business model.
In view of the existing challenges and an evolving property market, we recognise that further adjustment in priorities and strategies are necessary to bolster both our operation and financial capabilities, which will in turn position the Group favourably to leverage market opportunities for growth. With the sustained efforts and changes made, I am optimistic that the Group is well-positioned for recovery, and have confidence that Shui On Land can yield greater reward in the medium and 
For the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded turnover of RMB10,249 million (HKD12,934 million), an increase of 4% compared to RMB9,828 million (HKD12,314 million) in the corresponding financial year in 2013. Profit attributable to shareholders for 2014 amounted to RMB1,778 million (HKD2,244 million), decreased from RMB2,125 million (HKD2,663 million) for 2013, while basic earnings per share were RMB0.22 (HKD0.28).
Tuning Our Strategies for a Challenging 
On the global front, the world economy experienced a year of uneven growth in 2014. While the United States achieved growth rates that hadn t been seen in nearly a decade, its recovery was insufficient to make a significant impact on the sluggish performance of Japan and Europe economies. China s economic growth also slowed to 7.4% in 2014, which is partially a result of efforts to stabilise the country s economy after over two decades of fast-paced expansion. Accordingly, the slower economic growth and government intervention measures on the property market resulted in a decline in overall housing sales in China during the first three quarters of 2014.
As a result of the weaker property market, and due mainly to the absence of saleable properties contribution from our Shanghai projects, the Group s total contracted sales, including contributions from Dalian associates, decreased by 41% to RMB9,750 million in 2014.

While 2014 started off on a weaker note, the domestic property market received a much welcomed boost in October as the Chinese government began to ease mortgage rules. This, combined with the Central Bank s decision to cut interest rates, had a positive effect on the market. In the last quarter of 2014, we saw an upswing in mortgage lending, a contributing factor that helped improve our sales performance, with total general property contracted sales for October to December 2014 rising 133% to RMB2,301 million (HKD2,904 million) compared to the third quarter of 2014.
For 2015, we believe this improvement can be sustained as the Central Government, as part of its efforts to support the country s economic growth, is expected to adopt more favourable policies for the property sector in the foreseeable future.
In addition, three of our residential sites, respectively located in Shanghai Rui Hong Xin Cheng and Shanghai Taipingqiao, obtained clearance in mid-2014 and construction works have since commenced. The three developments are expected to contribute to the Group as saleable properties from the second half of 2015, and with the inclusion of these three upcoming projects, we are optimistic that the Group will achieve a better sales performance from 2015.
In my letter to you a year ago, I described how Shui On Land has been entering a period of challenges, changes and possibilities. While returning to lead the Group in an executive role has been challenging, it has also been and continues to be a rewarding experience for me. Although the challenges and changes in the property market are continuing, the possibilities inherent in our modified business strategy are progressively becoming a reality.
Increasing Asset Turnover & Profitability Our total assets value grew to RMB108 billion by the end of 2014 from RMB56 billion in 2010. Leveraging the introduction of the new relocation policy introduced by the Shanghai Municipal Government in 2010, we have been accelerating the relocation of our two core city centre redevelopment projects, namely Shanghai Taipingqiao and Shanghai Rui Hong Xin Cheng; as well as the investment of THE HUB at Hongqiao transportation hub with over RMB35 billion invested. As these investments were mainly funded by debt financing, it translated into an increase in interest payments, and with majority of these developments still under construction, the profit contributions have also yet to be fully realised.
Due to the challenging market environment and lack of saleable resources at our Shanghai projects, our asset turnover remained relative low with a turnover rate of 9% in 2014.

To ensure the continuity of a strong leadership and management team, I have been taking steps to build a strong foundation for Shui On Land s growth by bringing in young people with innovative ideas and different ways of doing things. We have continued to take a strong focus on nurturing and grooming a talent pool of young and capable executives, preparing them to take on management positions for the growth and expansion of our business.

To accelerate overall asset turnover and realise the value of our assets, we are adjusting our strategy to divest existing commercial properties in our portfolio that are mature and stabilised or non-core assets at the right time and price.
Increasing asset turnover will not only allow us to unlock their value and increase profitability, it will also help to strengthen our cash flow and reduce our gearing ratio to a stable and healthy level of around 50%.
Organisational Change to Enable Better Returns With the implementation of our new management structure and a culture change undergoing in our team, we are now well- equipped and better positioned to return the Group to higher profitability in the next two to three years. We believe that our project-based management strategy will serve to expedite our profitability growth efforts. Under this management approach, each city where we are currently operating in will be run more like a standalone entity with respective financial and operational responsibilities, while the head office will provide overall strategic directions for the Group. Accordingly, each entity and individual will be rated and incentivised based on their performance and the results they deliver.
I am confident that with our previous investment in projects of high saleable value and capital recycling strategy, together with the management changes we are implementing, will enable us to achieve better returns on equity over the next several years.
Laying Foundation for Payoff in Medium Term In the middle of the review year, we marked a major project milestone as we completed the relocation for Lots 2 and 9 in Shanghai Rui Hong Xin Cheng and Lot 116 in Shanghai Taipingqiao. Although the relocation has been time-consuming process, the development value it could yield will be significant, underpinned by the rapidly rising value of land in the core area of Shanghai over the past two to three years.
Construction works in Rui Hong Xin Cheng Lots 2 and 9 and Taipingqiao Lot 116, with a combined GFA of 283,000 sq.m., commenced immediately after the sites were cleared. The developments are scheduled to be launched for pre-sale from the second half of 2015 to 2017.
In short, 2010 to 2014 represents our investment period; and I believe that the coming years of 2015 to 2019 will be our pay- 
A Growing Commercial Property Portfolio THE HUB in the Hongqiao Central Business District has been partially completed. It will offer comprehensive commercial and leisure services including office, shopping, F&B, entertainment and exhibition spaces for a population of nearly 75 million within the High Speed Railway s one-hour catchment. This project is already enjoying a very good response in the market and the pre-leasing status has been good. The whole project is expected to be opened in late 2015.
In addition to THE HUB, we expect to complete a number of commercial properties in 2015. These include two retail developments: Lot A123 in Wuhan Tiandi and Lot E in Foshan Lingnan Tiandi (shopping mall); and an office and retail mixed development 3 Corporate Avenue at Shanghai Taipingqiao 
We also made good progress with The Knowledge and Innovation Community (KIC) in Yangpu District of Shanghai during 2014. A concept similar to Silicon Valley in the United States, the KIC offers an entire eco-system for young entrepreneurs and start-ups, with a view towards fostering innovation and encouraging the development of home-grown brands. As China gradually migrates from being export-oriented to a consumption-driven economy, I am confident that the Knowledge Community model will meet the needs of China s changing economic structure. The investment of a Middle East institutional investor in our Knowledge Community platform also reiterates the attractiveness and viability of this model.
Enhancing Return at China Xintiandi We are seeing good progress at China Xintiandi, which has been operating as a separate entity for over a year. To further drive up the rental potential of its assets, China Xintiandi has been carrying out on-going Asset Enhancement Initiatives (AEI) at its retail properties in Shanghai Taipingqiao. These include the completion of AEI works in Xintiandi Style, which has been showing good results, with occupancy rates at the retail outlets as of the end of 2014 reaching over 90%.
China Xintiandi, which is supported by teams of dedicated commercial property leasing and operation experts, is expected to bring higher return of the investment properties to shareholders of Shui On Land.
In 2015, the properties in our proposed IPO initial portfolio, including 3 Corporate Avenue at Shanghai Taipingqiao and THE HUB, is slated for completion with tenants moving in from the second half of the year. Accordingly, in terms of timing, we believe 2016 would mark a good timing for pushing the IPO of 
Making Way for the Next Generation To ensure the continuity of a strong leadership and management team, I have been taking steps to build a strong foundation for Shui On Land s growth by bringing in young people with innovative ideas and different ways of doing things. We have continued to take a strong focus on nurturing and grooming a talent pool of young and capable executives, preparing them to take on management positions for the growth and expansion of our business.
I am pleased that such efforts are bearing fruit, and we have now put in place a new team of senior management, and I am working diligently to ensure that they are capable of making the decisions needed to take the Group forward.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank all of our staff who have shared my vision for the future and embraced the changes in our management structure. I would also like to extend my appreciation to my fellow Directors, our management team and employees for their support and understanding. And finally, to our shareholders and business partners, I would like to reiterate my belief that your patience and confidence in us will ultimately be rewarded.
While challenges remain as we transit into the New Year, I am confident that with the strategies that we have put in place and unrelenting efforts of our staff, better days are ahead for Shui On Land.
vincent h. S. lO 
Hong Kong, 18 March 2015 