CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Having completed initial infrastructure
construction in most of our developments, we
are at a stage in our growth when our projects
are steadily maturing and our investments are
reaping rewards.
THE ROAD TRAVELLED, 2009
With every storm comes a silver lining that brings new
opportunities. So it was during the 2009 global financial
crisis. It helped that the world economy began to recover
in the second half of 2009 and the Chinese economy
continued to grow from strength to strength over each
quarter. Our resilience in the face of worldwide economic
challenges paralleled that of China. By the last quarter of
2009, China’s economy had reclaimed its pre-crisis level of
GDP growth of 10.7%. In clear sight and within reach was a
new plateau as the world’s second largest economy.
The strength of the China property market mirrored the
overall rebound, with further support from the Chinese
Government’s stimulus measures. Residential transactions
increased by 35.6% to 804 million sq.m. in 2009, while
nationwide residential sales jumped 80.0% to RMB3.8
trillion, fuelling a 32.7% rise in the average housing price.
Against the tumultuous backdrop of 2009, I am pleased
to report that for the year ended 31 December 2009, we
achieved a turnover of RMB6,758 million or HK$7,670
million. Our profit attributable to shareholders was
RMB2,673 million or HK$3,034 million while our
underlying profit attributable to shareholders, excluding
the revaluation of investment properties and fair-value
adjustment on derivative financial instruments, was
RMB1,684 million or HK$1,911 million, representing
respective increase of 49% and 10% over 2008. Basic
earnings per share were RMB0.55 or HK$0.63. In addition
to the given interim dividend of HK$0.01, your Directors
have proposed a final dividend of HK$0.12 per share for the
year 2009. Shareholders will be given the option to receive
the final dividend in new shares in lieu of cash.*
MATURING PROjECTS, RISING SALES
Having completed initial infrastructure construction in most
of our developments, we are at a stage in our growth when
our projects are steadily maturing and our investments
are reaping rewards. Our high quality premises located in
thriving city locations together with our integrated, ‘Live-
Work-Play’, master-planned communities, introduced
an exclusive and winning combination to China. The
response was overwhelmingly favourable. Our projects
achieved strong sales and premium price levels, and even
outperformed those of our competitors in certain areas,
despite the difficulties presented by the 2009 economic
downturn. A detailed account of the business results is
contained in the following MD&A section.
In Phase 3 of our deluxe Taipingqiao, Shanghai residential
project, Casa Lakeville, a total of 292 units amounted
to a total GFA of 44,300 sq.m. with contracted sales
of RMB2,965 million and average sales price reaching
RMB70,500 per sq.m.. We also achieved dynamic results
at our Chongqing Tiandi residential development. During
2009, the contracted area of The Riviera Phase 1 reached
81,700 sq.m., a dramatic increase over the 13,600 sq.m.
contracted area recorded in 2008. The residential
development at Wuhan Tiandi, The Riverview, was
warmly received by the Wuhan market. Sales reflected a
remarkable market growth following enhancement of the
neighbourhood and surrounding infrastructure.
ACCELERATING FOR SUSTAINABLE GROwTH
Prudence dictates that in the wake of the global financial
crisis, we review the challenges that we faced, and
strengthen our operation and risk management as deemed
appropriate to ensure sustainable growth. Accordingly, we
have developed and are now implementing a Three-Year
Plan (2009-2012) to maintain a closer balance between
value creation for the longer term and cash generation in
the short to medium term.
Our prime land bank in China is a major advantage for
our development plans going forward. Our total buildable
Gross Floor Area (GFA) of 13.0 million sq.m. in six
cities, constitutes a portfolio of considerable potential.
Accordingly, the cornerstone of our Three-Year Plan is to
expedite the development completion of this portfolio.
Our development target is a minimum of 1 million sq.m.
of GFA by 2012. We aim to increase the completion
rate consistently and continuously each subsequent
year. In 2009, we began the process by accelerating the
development of several existing projects to generate greater
cash inflow. These projects included Casa Lakeville, Rui
Hong Xin Cheng (Rainbow City) and the Knowledge
and Innovation Community (KIC) in Shanghai, as well as
The Riverview in Wuhan Tiandi.
A further priority of our Plan is to decentralise decision
making so that project teams have closer control of their
projects. Those who best understand the local market
should have greater authority to develop and manage their
projects and to ensure their financial self-sufficiency. Cost
control of operating expenses and manpower management
are other key elements of our Plan. As we progress with our
three-year initiative, we will also judiciously consider the
merits of new expansion opportunities and projects.
STRENGTHENING
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Prudent financial management is key to good corporate
governance. In April 2009, we established a high-powered
Finance Committee to meet regularly and to make
recommendations to the Board on financial policies and
planning. We also established a special asset monitoring
task force to monitor and review our current property
portfolio and to identify and dispose of any under-
performing assets whose returns do not meet the investment
criteria established by the Finance Committee.
We also effected several new appointments. The
Group’s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Daniel Y. K. WAN
was appointed to the Board. Mr. Freddy C. K. LEE was
promoted to the position of Managing Director of Shui
On Development, our principal subsidiary responsible for
the operation and management of the Group, to head the
implementation of our Three-Year Plan.
Our efforts to establish the highest international standards in
both corporate governance and investor relations received
recognition through a number of prestigious awards,
including the “5th Corporate Governance Asia Recognition
Award” from Corporate Governance Asia magazine and the
“Outstanding China Property Award 2009” from Hong Kong
Economic Digest magazine. In addition, our Annual Report
2008 won a “Citation for Design in the Best Annual Reports
Awards 2009” organised by the Hong Kong Management
Association, as well as a “Silver Award for Overall Annual
Report” in the International ARC Awards 2009, the world’s
largest annual report competition.
We have developed and are now
implementing a Three-Year Plan to
maintain a closer balance between value
creation for the longer term and cash
generation in the short to medium term.
STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIPS, wINNING
COMBINATIONS
As a leading developer in the Chinese Mainland, we are
gratified by the confidence placed in us by the market,
whose enthusiastic response to our products reflects
recognition of the superior quality and premium value
attached to our developments. Our success is enhanced
through our cooperation with strategic partners who are
themselves leading players in their own areas.
In July 2009, we signed a Memorandum of Understanding
with Redevco to co-develop the commercial podium of
Wuhan Tiandi Lots A1, A2 and A3. Redevco owns, manages
and develops one of the biggest retail portfolios in Europe.
We believe Redevco’s expertise and experience in the retail
industry will accelerate the development and strengthen the
performance of Wuhan Tiandi.
We also continued to expand our strategic partnership with
Winnington, with whom we worked together to re-position
the Rui Hong Xin Cheng (Rainbow City) project. We
anticipate project approval by the relevant authorities in the
near future. When completed, this re-positioned project will
create an exciting new landmark for Shanghai.
BUILDING SUSTAINABLE COMMUNITIES
As responsible developers, we sustain environmental, social
and ecological responsibilities in our development plans
and projects. Our ‘Live-Work-Play’ concept represents a
holistic approach to the needs of our users and the values
of the communities where our high quality developments
are located. In addition to enhancing the quality of life, our
approach addresses concerns about the local heritage and
environment. Our master-planned projects complement
government objectives for sustainable economic
development while improving the quality of life of all who
live and work in them.
From our parent, the Shui On Group, we have inherited
close to 40 years’ industry experience and dedication to
Corporate Social Responsibility. Shui On Land is committed
to the preservation of the environment and of architectural
and cultural heritage. We were one of the first developers in
China to embrace environmental concerns in our projects.
In our developments, we aim for the highest certification
of the US Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design
(LEED) of the US Green Building Council. Our sustainability
strategy remains our focus as we progress with our long-
term plans for quality developments.
THE ROAD AHEAD, 2010
We have turned the page on 2009, and proceed to write an
ambitious, new chapter in our history. The expectation is
that China’s economy will continue to grow substantially
in 2010, a further feather in its cap following the 8.7%
growth spurt of 2009. Despite the global financial crisis,
the fundamental drivers of the economy remain in place,
among them increasing urbanization, growing affluence
and market reform. However, since late 2009, China has
implemented a series of tightening measures, particularly in
the housing sector, aimed at controlling the pace of price
increase. These policies include accelerating the pace of
development for auctioned land and ensuring adequate
supply to meet housing demand, particularly in ordinary
and welfare housing. Such measures are expected to slow
price growth and help to restore a better balance of demand
and supply for low- and mid-end housing. However, we
are confident that the on-going demand for better quality
residential and commercial properties will provide strong
support for the further development of China’s high-end
property market and for our future business growth. On this
basis, our outlook for 2010 is cautiously optimistic.
APPRECIATION
This year has been particularly active in the area of
management and succession planning. I welcome our
senior appointments. Our new management team has
unfurled fresh ideas and invigorated our strategic thinking.
I would like to express my thanks and gratitude to Mr.
Aloysius T. S. LEE, Managing Director – Commercial,
who left the Group in December 2009. His efforts and
contributions during his tenure are much appreciated.
The success of Shui On Land is built upon the support,
trust and confidence of all our shareholders, our Directors
and every member of the Shui On corporate family. As we
navigate our way through the challenges of the year ahead,
I am confident that the Group will continue to create value
and benefits for all our stakeholders. From our perspective,
the road ahead and our future look promising. Rest assured
of our commitment to deliver fully on its potential and on
our promises to you.
Vincent H. S. LO
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 15 April 2010
