CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
Your Company relied on its sound
business model and strategies to respond
to the economic challenges and to
continue growing the business.
2008 was a challenging year. The subprime crisis drove the global economy into
a financial crisis of such proportions that almost every country experienced a
severe downturn. The strike was so strong that most of Asia struggled and the
China market was also affected. Exports, which are an important engine for
China’s GDP growth, witnessed a severe drop in the latter part of the year.
The high growth rate that the Chinese economy had been experiencing and even
the 8% growth target for 2009 has been cast into doubt. The property sector was
also impacted, with both sales volume and prices falling across the country.
Against this dramatic background, your Company relied on its sound business
model and strategies to respond to the economic challenges and to continue
growing the business.
I am pleased to report that for the year ended 31 December 2008, we achieved a
turnover of RMB3,556 million or HK$3,940 million. Our profit attributable to
shareholders was RMB2,480 million or HK$2,748 million while our underlying
profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders, excluding the revaluation of
investment properties and fair-value adjustment on derivative financial instruments,
was RMB2,214 million or HK$2,453 million, representing an increase of 1% and
7% over 2007 respectively. Basic earnings per share were RMB0.59 or HK$0.65.
In addition to the given interim dividend of HK$0.07, your Directors have proposed
a final dividend of HK$0.01 per share for the year 2008, together with a bonus
issue of one new share for every ten shares held.*
We issue shares as a bonus to shareholders instead of a higher dividend in cash
so that more cash can be preserved for further development. The dividend yield
including the bonus share of 2008, was higher this year than that of 2007. While
we can rely on larger cash reserves for future development, shareholders can also
enjoy and share in the growth of the Company from the bonus issued.

The global financial adversity offers space
and opportunity for self-improvement......
This is a time when we can further
consolidate our business. When the market
is more stable and when suitable
opportunities arise, we will return to the
expansion trail.
We believe that our high quality premises located in prime
locations and our integrated master-planned communities
together form a winning combination that is rare to find in
China. Our projects continued to achieve higher sale prices
despite the very depressed market conditions in 2008,
which in itself was a testimony to the good market
perception of our projects.
Our investment properties also performed well, contributing
revenue to the Group of RMB593 million, which is an
increase of 25% over the turnover of 2007. We have a
proven track record of creating and managing one of the
best-known landmarks in China – the Shanghai Xintiandi.
Wuhan Tiandi Phase I, which has opened for business since
September 2007, is also beginning to make a name for itself
in Wuhan.
opportune strAteGy For
sustAInInG GrowtH
Our unique business model has proven to be effective even
under adverse market conditions. The innovative hallmark
approach of creating a total community with mixed-use
facilities via master-planning and our phased completion
gives us the flexibility to adjust our development focus to
cater to market demands and changing conditions.
Shui On Land possesses one of the best landbanks in China,
all of which is centrally located within the Mainland’s cities.
Prime locations combined with high quality premises in
well-planned communities ensure that property values will
be less susceptible to market fluctuations.
Prudent financial and risk management are of utmost
importance to attain consistent performance. Even though
the credit environment deteriorated dramatically during the
latter part of the year after the collapse of Lehman Brothers,
we were able to secure the necessary funds to redeem the
Senior Notes of USD375 million, which became due on 12
October 2008, using a combination of internal resources
and borrowings from relationship banks.
Property development is capital intensive. Being a relatively
young company, our resources are finite. Through strategic
partnership, we inject capital and the complementary
expertise of our partners into our projects. Strategic
partnership can also assist us in our ventures into exciting
new growth areas, such as integrated development projects
targeting knowledge and tourism.
We have collaborated successfully with various partners in
the past, either at a project level or for a particular parcel of
development. Our partnerships include developers,
contractors, consultants and other equity investors. From
2006 to 2008, we have completed RMB4.8 billion worth of
strategic partnerships. We will continue to look for suitable
strategic partners who share in our vision, development
strategy and mission and who can add value to our projects.
tImely moves For mAsterInG CHAnGes
While our business model and strategies provide us with a
sound foundation and platform for business development,
we have also taken decisive and appropriate actions to cater
to the market changes.
Before the financial crisis, we were focusing more on value
creation and land appreciation in our development
programme. However, with the current tight credit
environment and the high cost of funds, we are now
focusing on maintaining a better and closer balance
between value creation and cash generation in our business.
We plan to expedite on the production of residential
development for sale in the foreseeable future to generate
more cash.
GrAspInG tHe ArIsInG opportunItIes For
FurtHerInG expAnsIon
Long-term economic prospects in China remain positive.
The property market has shown signs of stabilising with a
substantial increase in transaction volume throughout the
country. The market will become more buoyant with the
help of favourable Government policies in the long-term.
The continuous demand for better quality residential
and commercial properties due to upgrading and rapid
urbanisation will ensure the long-term prospects of
our industry.
We have also moved fast to develop and foster a closer
relationship with domestic Chinese banks. In recent months,
your Company has been granted substantial credit lines by
two of the major local banks, namely Agricultural Bank of
China and Bank of China.
The global financial adversity offers space and opportunity
for self-improvement. In late 2008, we undertook a finance
reorganisation exercise that led to the establishment of the
Finance Committee under the Board. We are now in the
process of setting up the Committee. With the participation
of our Independent Non-executive Directors, the role of this
Committee will be to establish financial policies to provide
oversight and discipline for the overall finance function of
your Company.
This is a time when we can further consolidate our
business. When the market is more stable and when
suitable opportunities arise, we will return to the
expansion trail.
AppreCIAtIon
I would like to express my gratitude towards our
shareholders, the financial institutions that have supported
us, our Directors, and last but not least, our dedicated staff.
Capitalising on the understanding and support of our
shareholders, the guidance of our Directors, the trust of our
banks and the concerted efforts of all Shui On Land staff, we
will continue to create value and benefits for your Company
and all our stakeholders. Although 2009 will be another
tough year, I am confident that Shui On Land will emerge
from this financial turmoil stronger and fitter than ever. We
shall do our best to deliver on all our promises to you.
vincent H. s. lo
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 16 April 2009