Chairman s Statement 
Vincent H. S. LO 
I personally head the Executive Committee of Shui On Development, the executive arm and wholly owned subsidiary of Shui On Land. The Group s key corporate management functions are realigned under each Executive Director.
In a global economy that remains beset by strong and unpredictable headwinds, the Group recorded some success but also its share of unwelcome disappointments during the year in review. The volatility of the global business environment continues to hold challenges that must be addressed through renewed focus on delivering results, adapting our strategies and operations, and actively seeking the possibilities present within the current economic framework and turning them to our advantage. In so doing, we must ensure that we put in place the groundwork that allows us to capitalise on opportunities as and when they arise with our established strengths. We are hopeful that our concerted efforts will reward us in the short and medium term. Accordingly, we have sown the seeds of change.
Performance in a Challenging Year For the twelve-month period ended 31 December 2013, Shui On Land achieved turnover of RMB9,828 million (HKD12,314 million), representing an increase of 104% compared to the same period in 2012 (2012: RMB4,821 million or HKD5,926 million). The Group delivered profit attributable to shareholders of RMB2,125 million or HKD2,663 million (2012: RMB2,029 million or HKD2,494 million), and basic earnings per share were 
During the year under review, total contracted property sales from general property sales and en-bloc sales of commercial properties were RMB16.6 billion an increase of 190% compared to RMB5,732 million recorded in 2012. A total GFA of 621,500 sq.m. was sold or pre-sold during 2013, an increase of 135% from 264,900 sq.m. in 2012. The average selling price was RMB26,700 per sq.m..
RMB9.9 billion in contracted sales were generated from general property sales, and RMB6.7 billion resulted from en-bloc sales of commercial properties. In December 2013, the Group disposed of its interest in Lot 126 of the Taipingqiao Project in Shanghai, representing GFA of approximately 79,000 sq.m.. This holding was transferred to China Life Trustees Limited for a net cash consideration of RMB3.4 billion with RMB900 million of debt assumed. We have the option to purchase back the asset at the same price within the next 5 years and paying China Life a yield of 9% p.a. with no capital appreciation.
In addition to the contracted property sales, the Group recorded RMB1.6 billion of subscribed property sales as of 31 December 2013, which will be converted into contracted property sales during the coming months.
A Changing Business Environment Although uncertainty and volatility continue to dominate the global economy, real estate has remained relatively sheltered as a largely local business. China s economic momentum has, therefore, provided a foundation of support for its property sector despite stringent control measures introduced by the Central Government in the last three years.
There are signs to suggest that China s new leadership is adopting a much more market-oriented approach towards real estate, although some restrictions on buying will likely remain in place. Rather than introducing across-the-board control measures, the central government is encouraging local regulation of the property market, allowing more granular and effective control at the municipal level. The shift towards a market-led approach has injected a measure of buoyancy into the property market. Despite a seasonal slowdown in transaction levels at the start of 2014, average prices in markets such as Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen have held up well after rising by around 20% compared to the previous year.
It is expected that demand in the first tier and regional hub cities will continue to outstrip supply in the coming years. The Group is proactively working to increase Shui On Land s supply to the market during this critical period, and is introducing several fundamental changes to its business model to address the constantly evolving business environment.
Strategies for a New Direction One of the key themes of this year s annual report is Change .
Change in our markets. Change in our business model.
Change in our management structure.

The Group is implementing a new strategic decision to refrain from involvement in the relocation aspects of new projects.
Instead, Shui On Land will undertake master-planning together with the municipal government concerned and commit investment only in the later stages of land acquisition, after the plots are cleared and the land is ready for development.
Reorganising to Deliver Results In order to strengthen management capabilities, streamline our development strategies and align Headquarters-Projects relationships, we have reorganised Shui On Land s senior management structure. The new structure strengthens management control at project level which aims to enhance our efficiency, and thereby assist to improve profitability.
I personally head the Executive Committee of Shui On Development, the executive arm and wholly owned subsidiary of Shui On Land. The Group s key corporate management functions are realigned under each Executive Director. In a milestone for the Group s localisation policy, we have appointed two home-grown talents, Matthew Q. GUO, and Jessica Y. WANG to the Board of Shui On Development.
The reorganisation will allow us to further promote the Group s project-based management structure with a view to enhancing efficiency in management and operations, streamlining our corporate structure and enabling Shui On Land to move more nimbly and with greater control. Removing layers of management is set to improve efficiency, and in turn to accelerate the Group s turnover rate and support long-term growth and value creation.
Under the project-based management structure, the Project Boards decide on the execution of the project, look after day-to-day management and operations and be responsible for development and business results of their respective projects, in accordance with the principles and directions set by Headquarters. Initially, I chair all Project Boards to ensure strategic uniformity across all projects and Headquarters.
Meanwhile, in order to better align the development strategies of Shui On Land and its wholly owned subsidiary China Xintiandi, we have appointed Philip K. T. WONG, CEO of China Xintiandi, as a Managing Director and Board Member of Shui On Land.
With these changes, we aim to rejuvenate the corporate culture of Shui On Land. We are instilling a change in the traditional workplace protocol to encourage proactive and independent initiatives, and to focus on delivering results.
Fine Tuning Our Business Model Buyers and tenants alike have responded enthusiastically to Shui On Land s city-core, master-planned communities over 
Well suited for today s modern living and working environments, these comprehensive, integrated communities offer residents and those who work in the master-planned communities an improved urban experience with greater convenience and numerous lifestyle benefits. They also help to alleviate traffic problems and related pollution by design, placing residences within easy walking distance of retail, commercial and office buildings. In many cases, the Group also assists to preserve and promote local heritage and culture by restoring and protecting historical buildings within its developments.
Building on our experience and in response to robust demand, Shui On Land will continue to focus on developing master- planned, integrated communities in first and second tier cities throughout China, within three major categories: " City Centre Master-planned Communities Based on our experience in designing and building integrated communities, the Group has recently been approached by municipal governments to participate in the redevelopment of city centre comprehensive, integrated communities without taking on the burden of relocation of residents. We are also exploring innovative financing schemes for such projects. At the same time, we are considering how best to take part in what we call Preservation Plus projects. Through our participation, Shui On Land assists in building an Xintiandi-type of development. As compensation for our efforts and costs, we will work with the local government to find a suitable plot of cleared land in the vicinity for property development.

Transportation hubs are another development category identified by the Group for our ongoing participation.
Building on our experience with THE HUB, located in the Hongqiao Commercial Zone in the new Shanghai transportation hub, we are actively seeking similar opportunities for future project development.

Continuing along the path of economic restructuring, China will evolve increasingly from a low-cost producer and an export-driven economy to one fuelled by domestic innovation, production and consumption. This shift will require environments that promote the development of new ideas and work in sync with their inhabitants modern, 
knowledge and information-based lifestyles. Placing strong emphasis on education, technology, culture, research and business incubation, the Group s custom-designed knowledge communities, such as Knowledge and Innovation Community (KIC) in Shanghai, offer integrated, multi-functional environments with a strong and lively eco-system in which to live, study, work and play.
Relocation in our two existing projects in Shanghai, namely Shanghai Rui Hong Xin Cheng and Taipingqiao Project, has seen good progress in the past year. However, the Group is implementing a new strategic decision to refrain from involvement in the relocation aspects of new projects.
Instead, Shui On Land will undertake master-planning together with the municipal government concerned and commit investment only in the later stages of land acquisition, after the plots are cleared and the land is ready for development. This will ensure that the Group s investment will not be dragged out by the long, uncertain relocation process and maximise 
Building on experience, we are enhancing our strategy of Group-wide standardisation to control costs and improve development speed. At the same time, we are able to offer different tiers of customisation to suit different market segments, from sophisticated, high-end units to communities, which feature integrated assisted living and medical services that are specifically targeted at senior citizens.
Leveraging China Xintiandi Subject to favourable market conditions and necessary approvals, we plan to spin off China Xintiandi, which will manage the Group s commercial assets and investment properties. The spin off would leave Shui On Land as a pure developer. Non-core commercial assets will be considered for sale in order to increase asset churn; and Shui On Land s commercial assets will either be sold to China Xintiandi or sold to the market through China Xintiandi. The two companies are separately managed, allowing each to focus on their respective strengths and to act swiftly in the pursuit of advantageous 
Building on Partnerships The Group has formed a strategic partnership with Brookfield, one of the largest property investors in the world. Leveraging their extensive property asset management expertise, two of Brookfield s senior executives are being seconded to China Xintiandi to enhance our management team. With over USD175 billion in assets under management and over 100 years of history in owning and operating real estate, Brookfield s unique insights and global best practices bring an impressive skillset to the partnership.
We have also deepened our working relationship with Chinese insurance companies, either selling them our commercial assets or working with them on innovative financing for new projects. Building on their strong financial reserves enables us to enhance our developments and potential returns.

As we embark on this new year of challenges, changes and possibilities, I would like to thank all who have contributed to Shui On Land during the year in review. To my fellow Directors, the management team and our employees, I thank you for your wisdom, your efforts and your hard work. To our shareholders and business partners, I thank you for your continued confidence and support.
I would also like to convey my gratitude and appreciation to Freddy C. K. LEE, who has stepped down as Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director. Over the past three decades, Freddy has made significant contributions to Shui On. I wish him all the best in his future endeavours.
With disciplined focus on execution and delivery, I believe we can better build and develop value for our shareholders in the 
Vincent H. S. LO 
Hong Kong, 19 March 2014 