CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

Strategic Growth
2007 was the second year since Shui On Land became a public company. It was
a year in which we consolidated our position as one of the Chinese Mainland’s
most innovative and visionary property developers while strengthening our
platform for further strategic growth.
Now in our second year of listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, our
business performance was strong and I remain confident of the Company’s
potential for robust long-term growth.
I am pleased to report that for the year ended 31 December 2007, we achieved
a turnover of RMB4,570 million or HK$4,689 million, profit attributable to
shareholders of RMB2,462 million or HK$2,526 million and underlying profit
attributable to shareholders, excluding the revaluation of investment properties
and fair value adjustment on derivative financial instruments, of RMB2,060
million or HK$2,114 million, and basic earnings per share were RMB59 cents or
HK61 cents. Our Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of HK10 cents
per share for the year 2007. This, together with the interim dividend of HK5 cents,
takes the total to HK15 cents per share for the year.*
Land Purchases and Strategic Partnerships
In line with our long-term planning and vision, all our developments in the
Chinese Mainland continued to perform well. In Shanghai, the sales of residential
units at the Lakeville Regency in Taipingqiao and Knowledge and Innovation
Community (KIC) were well received by the market. Wuhan Tiandi made
remarkable progress with all the residential units of its first phase sold out in just
over six hours.
We forged strategic partnerships to bring in expertise and experience, in addition
to financial resources, and started to see their benefits in helping to move forward
our large-scale projects on both international and local levels. We intend shortly
to bring in strategic partners to develop some of our residential parcels in order
that we can release our internal resources for new projects which we believe will
create more value for our shareholders.
We forged strategic partnerships to
bring in expertise and experience, in
addition to financial resources.
In November, Shui On Land has acquired by auction the
development and land use rights of the land in Zumiao
Donghua Lane in Foshan City, Guangdong, with a buildable
gross floor area of 1.5 million sq.m. The Company will
capitalise on the huge potential and rapid growth of Foshan
to develop a quality city-core integrated project, aiming
to facilitate the transformation of the city into a major
economic and cultural hub in Southern China.
In total, we have acquired a landbank or approximately 13.1
million sq.m. of buildable gross floor area (10 million sq.m.
attributable to the Group) in six of China’s most promising
and fast-developing cities, which will be a strong foundation
to build the Company’s future growth performance.
A Long-term Vision Grounded in Reality
Our ability to play a significant role in transforming cities
with our projects in the Chinese Mainland is based on our
partnerships with the government and a firm grasp of market
trend and conditions. We are further expanding our unique
business model from comprehensive city-core integrated
projects to include knowledge communities and tourism
facilitated developments as we see huge growth potential in
China’s IT technology and tourism sectors.
As we enter 2008, we are taking major steps forward in
our vision of transforming some of China’s leading cities,
knowledge centres, and tourism and cultural hubs. That is
why we have chosen “Strategic Growth” as the theme of
this year’s annual report. Our projects span over many years
and this has provided us a good base to work on a nine-year
profit plan. We have set high targets for the Company to
achieve and the on-going nature of our mega projects made
our long range planning more feasible and practicable.
A Property Market with Huge Potential
Despite the volatility of the global economy, China’s
economy continues to grow strongly and the property
market is part of its onward momentum.
In 2007, China achieved a GDP growth rate of 11.9%, the
fifth successive year of double-digit growth.
As a supporter of a healthy and stable market, we have
welcomed the Chinese Government’s macro-economic
controls and measures to prevent overheating. We also
believe that market forces have an ultimately stabilising
effect over the long term, and that the Chinese Government
will continue to support this trend. Above all, we are
confident of the long-term growth and strength of the
market, despite predictions of volatility and speculation
about its near-term direction.
To grow with the cities is Shui On Land’s philosophy in
social responsibility. We will continue to work closely with
governments at all levels to enhance the quality of life and
speed up the pace of social and economic development in
the cities where we have presence, as we believe that all
stakeholders will benefit from our contribution to the overall
prosperity of the community.
Our Vision for Sustainable Development
We are proud of the achievements we have made
in corporate social responsibilities and in corporate
governance. We believe in sustainable growth and in
providing a trusted, transparent and credible framework
for the reporting and management of such growth. Last
December, we were honoured to receive the Hong Kong
Corporate Governance Excellence Award 2007 presented
by the Chamber of Hong Kong Listed Companies in
recognition of our corporate governance efforts.
We will continue to ensure that the growth we are
experiencing is sustainable. Attaining sustainability
certification for every project we build and plan is a
declared policy of the Company.
Our Directors and Staff
Shui On Land would not have reached its position as a
leading property developer in the Chinese Mainland
without the energy and dedication of our management and
staff. We have always regarded our people as the key to our
success and our most important asset. We are proud of our
people policies and our achievements in caring for our staff
and their future development.
Last year, as we moved forward with our strategies and
plans, we have implemented the project-based organisation
with project directors overseeing different projects rather
than centrally managed. Day-to-day management of
the Company will continue to be led by the Executive
Committee comprising three Managing Directors:
Mr. William T. ADDISON (Finance), Mr. Louis H.W.
WONG (Project Management), and Mr. Aloysius T.S. LEE
(Commercial). As part of our strategic framework and within
a reasonable time frame, the roles of Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer will be divided and a successor to the
Chief Executive Officer position will be sought within the
Company, allowing me to take a step back from execution
to focus on the macro trend and to lead in the formulation
of growth strategy for the Company.
Following our listing in October 2006, share options were
made available to all our staff ranging from amahs to
Managing Directors. This has had an appreciable effect on
our staff’s sense of investment in our growth and success, and
is part of our nurturing of a culture of employee ownership.
As we look towards the future, I am confident that the
strength of the Shui On Land team will enable us to further
build on our goal of becoming a leader in the world’s
largest property market. I have no doubt that this market
will continue to strengthen over time, and that with our
outstanding team of Shui On People, we will rise to the
challenge and achieve further growth for our shareholders.
Vincent H. S. LO
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 17 April 2008
