CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
The asset-light strategy we adopted three years ago was
key to our Group’s performance in 2016. Despite growing
market uncertainties we were able to unlock the value of our
portfolio, seek new partnerships and enhance returns from
our long-term master-planned development projects.
This refined strategy has made us a nimble company that is
better positioned to seize new growth opportunities. It has
put us in a strong position going into 2017, when Shui On
Land will focus on Strength, Balance and Performance amid a
rapidly changing and challenging market environment. 
The strength of Shui On Land helped it weather the
considerable global economic and political uncertainty.
Our increased asset turnover rate generated a robust
income stream and cash flow, reduced our debt gearing
and strengthened our balance sheet.
The Group continues to strike a good balance between
long and short term goals as well as between property sales
and recurrent income from our solid rental portfolio. We
are balancing our asset-light strategy with plans for future
capital investments.
We aim to continuously enhance performance in
management efficiency and decision-making which will result
in better financial return and profitability.
FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
During the year under review, turnover increased by 172% to
RMB17,600 million, as property sales recognised as turnover
substantially increased by 256% to RMB15,604 million.
In addition to the property sales recognised as turnover,
the Group completed RMB5,700 million of asset disposals
recognised under disposal of subsidiaries (the disposal of
Corporate Avenue 3 at Shanghai Taipingqiao).
Rental and related income increased by 6% to RMB1,716
million. The increase was a result of continued leasing
progress made at newly completed properties as well as
higher occupancies and rental growth from the existing
investment property portfolio.
Gross profit increased by 250% to RMB5,905 million in 2016,
while operating profit surged by 427% to RMB5,272 million.
Meanwhile, gross profit margin increased by 8 percentage
points to 34% in 2016.
Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB1,088 million in
2016, representing a 38% increase compared to RMB788
million in 2015. The increase reflected our strong sales during
the year, and a decline in minority and convertible perpetual
securities ownership interests.
COMPLEMENTARY TO OUR ASSET-LIGHT APPROACH,
WE WILL ALSO PARTNER WITH OTHER INVESTORS,
LANDOWNERS OR DEVELOPERS IN NEW AND EXISTING
PROJECTS TO OPTIMISE THE USE OF OUR FINANCIAL
RESOURCES AND LEVERAGE OUR BRAND AND
MANAGEMENT EXPERTISE. SUCH PARTNERSHIPS ARE
A KEY PIECE OF OUR STRATEGY FOR THE FUTURE.
A CHALLENGING MARKET
In contrast to the sharp rise in prices in early 2016, the
implementation of progressively tightened measures restricted
the purchase of potential home purchasers and investors,
resulting in a sharp decline in transaction volume and a much
slower market towards the final quarter of 2016.
Global economic and political uncertainty is expected to
cause instability in the Chinese economy going forward. Tight
government restrictions on residential property purchases will
continue to slow sales. If the economy slows down, regulators
may decide to ease controls as the real estate industry is an
important pillar of the Chinese economy. This could lead to
a slight improvement in the market in the latter half of 2017.
However, overall sales will still be lower in 2017 than they
were in 2016 due to government restrictions. We expect our
projects in Shanghai to drive sales performance in 2017.
RECORD SALES PERFORMANCE
We produced an impressive RMB22,975 million in contracted
property sales and other assets disposal in 2016, the highest
in the Group’s history, with residential sales contributing
RMB16,300 million. Total sales rose 7% year-on-year but fell
just short of our goal of RMB24,000 million as market cooling
measures took effect, significantly impacting sales towards
end of the year. We recorded RMB1,576 million of subscribed
property sales at the end of the year, which are expected to
turn into contracted property sales in the following months.
Rui Hong Xin Cheng (RHXC), our master-planned integrated
community in Shanghai, remained a key driver of overall
sales. The Upper and The Gallery, Phase 6 and 7 residential
developments at RHXC, received an overwhelming response
from the market. In February we launched 352 units of The
Upper, and they were all sold on the first day. In June we
launched 320 units of The Gallery, nearly all of which were
sold by year-end. RHXC achieved more than RMB7.3 billion in
residential contracted sales. This made it the second highest
amount in Shanghai. The 2016 average selling price was
RMB85,500 per square metre, 24% above last year’s price.
Lakeville Luxe is our premium residential project located in
downtown Shanghai, close by the Xintiandi commercial area.
Built on the concept of “Living With Art”, it features luxurious
modern design and customised services. Out of the 184 units
launched from December 2015, 150 residential units, or 82%
of the total units launched, were sold by year-end of 2016
at an average selling price of RMB133,360 per square metre.
Total contracted sales came to RMB4.75 billion.
INNOVATIVE DEVELOPMENTS
Shui On Land builds innovative mixed-use properties that
keep the Group ahead of the competition through changing
market conditions. Our renowned City Centre Master-planned
Communities model, including the exemplary Xintiandi
historic redevelopment area, enjoys continued success. The
Knowledge Communities, another of our development
models, represented by the Knowledge and Innovation
Community (KIC) in Shanghai Yangpu District, where we have
been working for the past 12 years, creates an eco-system
fostering innovation and entrepreneurship while facilitating
the district’s economic transformation. The newly upgraded
INNOSPACE+ within the KIC, consisting of InnoSpace as the
incubator, InnoWork co-working space, IPO Club Startup
Café, InnoMaker for hardware innovation and InnoApartment
for living, is a comprehensive, one-stop solution for young
entrepreneurs. It was ranked the top maker space by
Shanghai government, and has received an even more
enthusiastic response since its upgrade in September 2016.
Based on the success of these projects, the Group is creating
a new development model by introducing the “Knowledge”
element into integrated communities. We believe the new
Knowledge Community + Xintiandi (KC + XTD) model will
cater to the needs of young entrepreneurs and professionals
who enjoy working and learning as much as indulging in
lifestyle and fashion. The new model creates spaces for likeminded
people to gather and share ideas.
We will also continue to enhance existing developments
with the above-mentioned model. Examples include the
introduction of the naked Hub co-working space into
Shanghai Xintiandi and the revitalisation programme of the
Jiangwan Sports Centre at KIC.
Complementary to our asset-light approach, we will also
partner with other investors, landowners or developers in
new and existing projects to optimise the use of our financial
resources and leverage our brand and management expertise.
Such partnerships are a key piece of our strategy for the future.
Geographically, we are exploring new opportunities primarily
in Shanghai and Wuhan, as we are most optimistic about the
property markets in these two cities over the long term.
The recent joint-bid of a prime parcel of land, located in the
central area of Optics Valley Central City in Wuhan, is a litmus
test of this new partnership model, and a rare opportunity in
one of our prime target cities.
SOLID FOUNDATION
Our asset-light strategy has strengthened Shui On Land’s
balance sheet, making us financially prepared for uncertain
times, domestically or internationally.
The weakness of the Renminbi to the US Dollar has been
a challenge for us, and for other players in the market.
Balancing risk management and cost, we have reduced our
US and HK Dollar debt and will continue to do so. USD1.05
billion and HKD2.2 billion have already been refinanced in
Renminbi and our overall Renminbi debt exposure has risen to
60% from 54% one year ago.
To strengthen management capabilities and better meet
our business needs, we have integrated the commercial
asset management of our Knowledge Community into
China Xintiandi (CXTD), creating a single commercial asset
management platform for greater efficiency. This helps clarify
roles within the Group, with Shui On Land as the developer of
properties and CXTD as the commercial asset manager. 
We have also promoted a new generation of executives to
run the asset management business. Stephanie Lo became
Chair of the CXTD Executive Committee. Jessica Wang was
appointed Managing Director of CXTD and Allan Zhang was
named Chief Operating Officer of CXTD.
Our reorganisation has put us in a position to more effectively
manage the business and produce growth amid market
uncertainties. All eyes are on building our Strength, remaining
Balanced and generating high Performance in the coming year.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR LOYALTY
I am grateful to our employees, clients, shareholders and
partners for their tremendous loyalty and patient support as
we have pursued our refined strategy in the past year.
We have made a lot of progress since I took back the
executive leadership position and began this refined strategy.
The Group is now in a much stronger position, financially and
in terms of company culture, with younger executives taking
on leadership roles. All of this has truly been a team effort,
and I am confident that we are ready for the next phase of
the Group’s growth.
A big thank you to all those who are taking the lead and
initiative in the Group’s new direction. With a continuous
concerted effort we will strive for a future of innovation and
success at Shui On Land.
VINCENT H. S. LO
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March, 2017