Chairman s Statement 
I m checking in my flight at THE HUB! THE HUB is a one-of-its kind transportation hub project not only in China but the world. It enjoys a unique location where all transport modes airport, high-speed railway, metro, road and mass transit converge and connect. It is also the first property in China where passengers can enjoy offsite airport check-ins.

The year 2015 was an exceptional one for Shui On Land. I am delighted to report that as a result of the decisive move of fine-tuning our strategy in early 2015, we ended the year with strong operating results of RMB21.5 billion in contracted sales, which exceeded our annual sales target of RMB18 billion despite the slow start in the Chinese Mainland property market.
Our fine-tuned asset-light strategy is underpinned by Shui On Group s strong foundation of 30 years of investing in Shanghai, together with more efficient capital recycling. With our emphasis on maximising asset value and returns amidst rapidly changing market conditions, your Group is now better positioned to take advantage of investment opportunities and fund further growth.

For the year under review, the Group recorded a turnover of RMB6,472 million, compared to RMB10,249 million in 2014.
The decline was primarily due to a lower residential sales contribution from Shanghai. In addition to the property sales recognised as turnover, the Group also completed RMB7,907 million of property sales, recognised from the divestment of 1 & 2 Corporate Avenue in Shanghai, disposal of hotel properties in THE HUB and others.
Rental and related income (excluding the income from hotel operations) increased by 20% to RMB1,539 million for 2015.
The increase reflects the growing income contributions from THE HUB as it progressively commenced operations during 2015, and rental growth in the completed investment property portfolio.

Profit attributable to shareholders was RMB788 million in 2015, compared to RMB1,778 million in 2014. The decline was attributable to the depreciation of RMB against the Group s USD and HKD denominated debt during 2015, which resulted in a loss (both realised and unrealised) of RMB1,310 million in 2015.
Nevertheless, core earnings during the year increased significantly by 438% to RMB2,423 million in 2015, from RMB450 million in 2014, due to the substantial contribution from the divestment of 1 & 2 Corporate Avenue in Shanghai.
THE NEW NORMAL FOR CHINA S 
As the Mainland transitions from an investment and export- led economy into a consumption-driven economy, moderate growth of 6%-7% is now the new normal for China.
This slower rate of growth is nonetheless more than respectable compared with many other parts of the world.
In this new climate of moderating growth, we can expect more efficient investment. We are also seeing the effects of a buoyant e-commerce environment and the dramatic changes it is creating in the retail market.
The residential property market, which has been gathering strength from the first half of 2015, is expected to benefit from government stimulus policies. These include cutting home mortgage interest rates and down payment requirements for urban home buyers, without home purchase restrictions.

We believe that all of these factors will help to elevate depressed property markets in third and fourth tier cities, which alongside the Government s long-term policy to promote urbanisation will contribute to a more positive environment and prices in all of China s major cities.
Shanghai is an especially bright spot in China s property market and has been performing exceptionally well in 2015.
This trend looks likely to continue in 2016 and beyond as the Government positions Shanghai as an international financial centre comparable to New York or London. With the Group s unique strengths in Shanghai and our premium portfolio in the centrally-located inner ring road, we are set to benefit from further upside in this key market.
A STRONG AND DIFFERENTIATED BRAND IN RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY We received an enthusiastic response for various of our residential property projects launched in the past year, which demonstrates the strength of our brand as evidenced by the sales we achieved.
The pre-sale of Rui Hong Xin Cheng, our integrated community project inside the Shanghai inner ring road, is one example.
During the pre-sale launch of this latest development, all 352 residential units of Phase 6, The Upper, were sold in just one day and commanded an average price of RMB80,000 per square metre the highest price yet achieved for this project.
Similarly impressive results were also recorded for Wuhan Tiandi Park View, where both the first and second batches of residential units were sold within one day in December 2015.
Our residential projects are popular in large part because of our master-planned communities concept based on our successful Live-Work-Play model. With the growing trend towards living in city centres, home buyers appreciate the high degree of foot access offered by our projects, which means less commuting to work as well as fewer traffic jams and lower air pollution.
We are confident about the medium-term prospect of our residential property sales. Powered by the strong Shanghai property market, and smoother relocation in Shanghai projects that provides us with a strong pipeline, the Group targets to achieve a total of RMB24 billion contracted sales in 2016, of which RMB14 billion is expected to be generated from residential property sales and RMB10 billion from commercial 
COMMERCIAL PROPERTIES WITH 
In Shanghai s highly competitive commercial property market, we recorded reasonably good performance in commercial rentals in 2015, while witnessing impressive results in asset value maximisation and returns from divesting of commercial assets.
During the year, we divested 1 & 2 Corporate Avenue and 3 Corporate Avenue in Shanghai at attractive prices. Not only did we achieve a high premium over our book value, we also saw intense bidding for these properties by some of the largest global institutional investors. This demonstrates our ability to unlock and realise the value of our assets in accordance with our asset-light business strategy.

Our other commercial properties continued to attract major retail tenants during the year, thanks to the location, design and quality of our projects.
The new commercial complex at THE HUB, a one-of-its-kind project not only in China but the world, is now 74% leased following its opening in late 2015. It enjoys a unique location directly connected to the Hongqiao Transportation Hub, where all transport modes airport, high-speed railway, metro, road, and mass transit converge and connect. It is also the first property in China where passengers can enjoy offsite airport 
More retail properties are scheduled for opening in 2016, namely, THE HOUSE at Shanghai Taipingqiao, Hall of the Moon at Ruihong Tiandi in Shanghai, HORIZON shopping centre at Wuhan Tiandi and NOVA shopping centre at Foshan Lingnan Tiandi. With the excellent location and outstanding quality inherent in the Tiandi brand, we are confident that these projects will further consolidate our market position and showcase Shui On s capabilities in building new urban landmarks.
FURTHER REFINEMENTS TO OUR 
Reflecting on 2015, it is gratifying to see our asset-light business strategy beginning to deliver the results we had aimed for. Going forward, we will continue to aim to increase asset churn, reduce our debt and gearing ratio, lower the cost of funds, and grow our capacity for new investments.
In the year ahead, we will continue to execute asset-light strategy to maximise returns and opportunities according to the evolving market and our own business development. We will continue to capture suitable opportunities to divest of commercial properties and to fully maximise our asset value and return to shareholders.
In line with our priority of maximising asset value and returns through disposal of mature commercial assets, we believe that an IPO is not the optimal way to realise the full valuation of China Xintiandi s portfolio and we decided not to pursue an IPO for China Xintiandi in the near term.
Following this decision, we have started to integrate the corporate functions of Shui On Land and China Xintiandi, including Finance, Legal, Human Resources and Corporate Communications. We expect the consolidation of these functions will increase efficiency and reduce costs.
AT THE FOREFRONT OF 
As an innovative and customer-focused property developer, we have always embraced change and constantly look for ways to improve our services and enhance the customer experience in accordance with our Live-Work-Play model. Indeed, innovation, quality and striving for excellence are cornerstones of the premium valuation we have achieved in our properties.
Today, we are exploring leading-edge technology and other options so that we can continuously upgrade our service offerings. One example is the use of new digital technology that enables home purchasers to customise the design of their flats before they are built this would be a first in the industry.
Innovations such as this are part of our ongoing commitment to advance the industry and will fundamentally change how projects and communities are planned in future. We are confident that we can take the personalised experience enjoyed by our customers to the next level.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all our stakeholders who share in our vision: our dedicated staff who worked tirelessly throughout the year to achieve better results for the Group, as well as my fellow Directors, shareholders and business partners whose unwavering support was instrumental in helping the Group actualise our vision.
Before I close, I would like to take the opportunity to welcome Douglas Sung as our new Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer, with whom I look forward to working closely to achieve even greater results for the Group.
The journey in front of us is not without challenge. However, with your support, I am confident that we shall carry forward the momentum created thus far into the year ahead.
VINCENT H. S. LO 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2016 