Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year ).
In 2010, the consumer confidence and consumption power revived along with recovery of world economy, resulting in the full resumption of the global handset industry in 2010. As the application of smart phones gained popularity, the demand for smart phones increased rapidly and it drove the explosive growth in the output of smart phones. The business of smart phones is currently the most promising segment in the handset industry, as well as a new focus for handset manufacturers to compete for profit. With its high capability of vertical integration, cost advantages and leading market position, BYD Electronic further expanded its market share successfully by leveraging the favourable market trend and the business opportunity of the popularization of smart phones. In addition, the Group s Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) service achieved leaping growth during the year, and the business revenue increased significantly as compared to the previous year. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group recorded overall sales of approximately RMB16,647 million, increased by approximately 48.65% year-on-year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent was approximately RMB1,038 million, representing an increase of about 36.76% year-on-year.
Amidst the fast changing handset industry environment, the business strategy of BYD Electronic has always been to provide one-stop service with perfect and high capability of vertical integration, including providing handset manufacturers with the vertically integrated handset component and module business, and the vertically integrated handset design and assembly services, and BYD Electronic is one of the manufacturers with the highest cost competitiveness in the industry. During the Year under review, despite the improving market conditions, international leading handset manufacturers remained cost- cautious and selected suppliers cautiously, resulting in extremely intense market competition among manufacturers.
Facing continuous price reduction pressure from customers, the Group fully utilized its high capability of vertical integration, strong product competitiveness and the advantage of high performance-to-price ratio. The strong development trend of the handset component and module business maintained a continuous growth in sales. The cooperation relationship with existing customers was further strengthened, while new branded customers and orders for new products were also won by the Group, enhancing market share among other global leading manufacturers successfully.
Apart from providing customers with handset components and modules, the Group also provided handset design and assembling services according to the requirements of its customers. During the Year, benefiting from the more widespread use of smart phones which drives the domestic 3G handset market, new products were streaming into the market.
By leveraging its strong design capability, the Group generated remarkable results in the ODM business. In the long term, the ODM business will not only drive the transformation of the Group to the high value-added zone of the industry chain and enhance the business structure of the Group effectively, but will also support the rapid growth of the Group s component and 
With the arrival of the smart phone era, manufacturers of smart phones under new brands and new platform systems emerged one after another while manufacturers of handsets under traditional brands actively tapped into the smart phone market, and accordingly further improved their competitive strengths when developing new markets. The Group, with its one-stop global manufacturing and service platform, also seized this optimistic market situation to nurture diversifying development opportunities and increased the market share of smart phone 
Looking ahead, as the recovery momentum of the global economy continues and consumer confidence steadily rebounds, there is a boost in the growth of demand in the handset market. It is expected that while global handset output will increase steadily, the demand for handset components and modules, handset design and assembly services will increase accordingly. In future, the Group will continue to invest in the research and development of the 3G handset business and further expand its 3G handset ODM business. The Group will adhere to its vertical integration strategy to capture the favourable market development trend, attract new foreign and domestic customers with its accumulated strong technology, competitively priced handset products and continuously enhanced ODM capabilities with an aim to bringing in more customer orders, creating bigger growth impetus for the Group and enhancing our overall competitive advantages.
Faced with the enormous potential of the smart phone market, the Group believes more opportunities and greater space will be available for our development. Leveraging its continuous technological upgrade, advanced research and development capabilities, design capabilities in process flow and advanced factory management ability, the Group will take every opportunity to stand out from its competitors.
In this new era, BYD Electronic will adhere to its development strategies and objectives. The Group will actively explore new businesses and bring in more new customers from manufacturers of international brands, thus creating new growth drivers and gradually optimizing product mix and customer structure. BYD Electronic will focus on enhancing its research and development capabilities and technological standards, maintain and improve its product quality and cost advantages and strive to develop an integrated global manufacturing and service platform in order to enhance its market position and create substantial solid returns for our shareholders.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their long-term support and trust in the Group. And I would also like to thank all staff for their dedicated efforts over the years. We are confident that the Group will continue to achieve strong business growth, and become an international leading manufacturer of handset components and modules as well as supplier of handset design and assembly services with highly vertical integrated capability, hence sharing the returns with our 
Shenzhen, The PRC, 12 March 2011 