CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Year ).
In 2013, the global economic recovery was slow, there was mild upturn in the economy of the United States and the Eurozone strived hard to get out of recession. The progress of China s economic structure optimization has been significant with the growth rate of 7.7% of the gross domestic product, which remained at the same level as in 2012. During the year under review, the development of smartphones has made huge strides. In 2013, the shipment volume of smartphones increased by 42.3% year on year and made a record of approximately 1 billion. It represented a high proportion of 53.6% of the global shipment volume of handsets, which outperformed that of feature phones for the first time and became the mainstream of global handset markets. China s domestic manufacturers had outstanding performance which further narrowed the gap with overseas leading smartphone manufacturers. The Group, benefited from the rapid growth of smartphones, recorded a turnover of approximately RMB16,062 million, representing an increase of 13.99% year on year. The profit attributable to owners of the parent increased by 71.11% to approximately RMB648 million as compared to that of 2012. The Board recommends the payment of final dividend of RMB0.0288 per share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
During the year, the Group successfully developed the plastics-and-metal hybrid technology (PMH) to realise the nano scale fusion of metal and plastic with enhanced aesthetical appeal and texture. Meanwhile, the PMH technology also significantly improved the signal reception of conventional metal components. Overall, the technology was highly recognized by customers, and the Group secured a number of high-end flagship model orders from domestic and overseas smartphone manufacturers. The PMH technology did not only directly drive the revenue growth and profitability of the Group, but also further reinforced the comprehensive competitiveness and industrial strategic position of the Group.
In respect of customer relationship, the Group continued to consolidate the cooperative relationship with its long- term strategic partner. During the year, the most significant customer of the Group continued to conduct strategic transformation, actively developed the smartphone market and successively launched various smartphone products and achieved good market responses. On the other hand, the Group actively strengthened the good business relationship with domestic manufacturers to cope with the launch of new smartphone models and secured a number of high-end handset projects which further provided them with handset components such as metal casings adopting PMH technology and assembly services to satisfy the strong 
Leveraging its long-term technical expertise in the handset components and assembly sector and the vertical integration capability, the Group also made a significant breakthrough in the ODM business of tablets during the year. During the year, the Group has obtained tablet orders from global leading brands with shipments in bulk volume, successfully expanded its scope of business and fostered new growth momentum for the Group.
Looking ahead, with the widespread of mobile internet and the constantly enriching intelligent application, it is expected that the rapid market growth of the smartphones will continue in the future while the shipment volume of tablets for the whole year of 2014 will continue to maintain its rapid growth. Meanwhile, leveraging their domestic advantages, domestic handset brands will adjust their strategies on an ongoing basis to align with the demand of telecommunication operators and optimize the product coverage with high value for money to secure its advantageous position in the competition with overseas handset brands, which may help to maintain rapid growth 
In view of this, BYD Electronic will seize the opportunity to continue to utilize its highly vertical integration capability, strong economies of scale and cost advantages for expanding its market share during the industry s consolidation. As for the handset business, the Group will continue to strengthen the cooperative relationship with customers and seize the opportunities brought by the launch of new products by domestic and overseas smartphone brand manufacturers to strive for orders for high-end models in order to optimize product mix and enlarge market share.
As for tablets, the Group will strengthen its capability of product design, components manufacturing and complete tablet assembly to expand customer base, improve product mix and further broaden the source of revenue and profits.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group. And I would also like to thank all staff for their concerted efforts during the past year. We are confident that the Group will become an international leading supplier of handset and other electronic product components and assembly services with highly vertical integration capability, and share the returns with our shareholders.

Hong Kong, 19 March 2014 