CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
As a result of our ongoing efforts to establish a global platform,
realize synergies, enhance capital structure and promote
management efficiency, we enlarged our scale and improved
our competitiveness. Going forward, we will continue to drive
good performance and deliver value to shareholders.

Dear shareholders,
2016 was a year full of challenges yet also achievements.
Notwithstanding a complex and dynamic macro
environment, we delivered a record earnings relying on
our integrated business chain and effective operating
management. I am pleased to report that, the Group’s
operating profit increased 14.8% from one year earlier to
US$1,788 million in 2016. Net profit was up 24.4% to
US$1,238 million. The Board has recommended a final
dividend of HK$0.21 per share for 2016. Together with the
interim dividend already paid, our total dividend in 2016 is
HK0.26 per share, an increase from HK$0.125 per share in
2015.
During the previous year, we primarily adopted the following
strategic initiatives:
Strengthen management to tackle challenges
In 2016, our operation in China was facing the pressure
of slowdown in economic growth, lackluster consumption
as well as surge in hog prices as a result of decreased
supplies. Our operation in the U.S., on the other hand,
headed to overcome the risk of having volatile performance
coupled with commodity price movements as in the past.
Against such backdrop, we maintained stable margins
in China’s fresh pork and packaged meats businesses in
spite of the strong increase in hog prices year over year.
We attained remarkable growth in the U.S. even though
our hog production business was loss marking this year.
The consolidated results of the Group was also performing
well. Hence, the Group’s results in 2016 was indeed a valid
testing ground of our management effectiveness.
Continue integration to advance competitiveness
The results of the Group in 2016 was also driven by the
progress that we made on our various integration programs.
In China, we remain committed to structural transformation
to become more market oriented and consumer-focused by
developing new products and improving our product mix.
During the year, we introduced the Smithfield brand into
the Chinese market. Meanwhile, we also invested in process
innovation and improvement to promote efficiencies and
reduce costs.
Likewise in the U.S., we pursued “One Smithfield” and
“Operational Excellence” as our management principles.
We strived for fully unleashing the benefits of having
vertically integrated business and enhancement in
operation to increase our overall efficiencies and bring
about considerable growth in our fresh pork and packaged
meats businesses.
Promote synergies to crystalize benefits
Being an emerging global player, to excavate the potential
values and realize the synergies of our businesses around
the globe is one of the important tasks of the Group’s
management team. In 2016, we achieved considerable
synergy effects out of our China and U.S. businesses. The
export volume of pork from U.S. to China continued to go
up significantly. It increased our sales and profits in U.S.
on one hand while lowered our costs of production and
enhanced our marketing power in China on the other hand,
resulting in the growth of our Group’s performance.
Improve balance sheet to enhance credit
Benefitting from our strong operating cash flows of the
Group, our capital structure kept strengthening. Debt to
EBITDA ratio maintained at below 2 times in 2016. The
improved credit profile of the Group was recognized by the
three international rating agencies in their first assignment
of corporate ratings to the Group/Company.
To conclude, despite the fact that the macro and industrial
environments were challenging, our results in 2016 broadly
matched our expectation. Another exciting accomplishment
for the Group in 2016 was that we debuted in the “Fortune
Global 500” list. This opened a new horizon for us. We will
cautiously consider the opportunities brought by industry
consolidation, geographical expansion and business
diversification. We will further integrate resources and
advocate globalization. With branded packaged meats as
our core business, we will continue to turn ourselves into a
consumer goods company. These strategies will eventually
lead to sustainable growth, solidify our global leadership
and create better value for our shareholders, employees
and communities.
WAN Long
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer