CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (which are collectively referred to as the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Year ).
In 2015, the world s consumer electronic industry maintained stable growth amid dim economic outlook arising from the in-depth adjustment of major world economies. In particular, the smartphone market witnessed a substantial slowdown in growth with global shipments having increased by 9.8% year-on-year to 1.43 billion units. In China, handset shipments grew by 14.6% to 518 million units in 2015, among which 457 million units were smartphones, representing a year-on-year increase of 17.7% and accounting for 88.3% of the total domestic 
During the year under review, the Group s turnover increased by 47.67% to approximately RMB29,286 million. Profit attributable to equity owners of the parent company rose by 0.72% year-on-year to RMB908 million.
The Board of Directors does not recommend payment of 
In the face of growth slowdown in the global smartphone market and increasing market competition, smartphone manufacturers attached more importance to the appearance and design of handsets. As a result, the adoption of metal cases, well-received among customers due to its outstanding texture and performance, was extended from high-end smartphones to mid-and low- end ones, driving the rapid growth of demand for metal components. During the Year, the Group seized the opportunities arising from the surging growth of the market to expand its production scale, thus recording satisfactory growth in income and profit and consolidating its leading position in the industry.
As for customer relationships, the Group, attributable to its overall competitiveness and advanced production technology, maintained close relationships with well- known global smartphone manufacturers to secure a number of new contracts to produce high-end flagship smartphones. For domestic customers, leading domestic handset manufacturers launched several highly competitive smartphones to increase their brand awareness in the global market and sustain rapid sales growth. During the Year, the Group acquired a number of new clients among leading domestic handset brands and formed partnership with various renowned manufacturers to provide them with handset components such as metal cases and assembly services, gaining momentum for business growth.
As a leading manufacturer in the handset component and assembly industry, the Group has accumulated extensive experience, and has developed advanced technology and vertical integration capabilities over the years. The Group expanded its product line based on its existing business, boosted the full development of smartphones, tablets and other smart mobile devices, and continued to provide one-stop service covering handset design, components manufacturing and complete handset assembly. During the Year, the Group successfully secured a position within the supply chain of a well-known laptop manufacturer, creating a new source of profit for the Group.
Looking into 2016, the increasing market penetration rate of smartphones and continuous slowdown of market growth will intensify the market competition, resulting in more breakthroughs and innovations achieved by major handset manufacturers to satisfy the higher product requirements of consumers. Metal casing, thanks to its outstanding texture and performance, will become more and more popular among customers and is therefore expected to be increasingly adopted into newer models launched by domestic and international handset manufacturers, driving the rapid growth of demand for metal components. To seize the market opportunities, BYD Electronic will bring its capability of highly vertical integration, economies of scale and first mover advantages into play in order to enhance its cooperative relationships with customers and secure more contracts. By capitalizing on the launch of new products by domestic and overseas branded smartphone manufacturers, the Group will build up a diversified and solid customer base for the expansion of market share amid the industry s consolidation, driving continuous growth in the revenue and profit.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group. I would also like to thank all the staff members for their concerted efforts during the past year. BYD Electronic will continue to push forward in the development of all its business segments. We are confident that the Group will become an internationally authoritative supplier of handsets and other electronic product components and assembly services with the capability for highly vertical integration. We will continue to go forth with a goal of maximizing returns for our shareholders.

Hong Kong, 28 March 2016 
