CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 
The macro environment and our industry were full of challenges in 2015. However, relying on our competitive advantages of having a fully integrated business model and the effective management of our global operations, our business as a whole performed satisfactorily. In 2015, the Group produced 19.1 million hogs, processed 48.3 million hogs, sold 3.9 million metric tons of fresh pork and 3.2 million metric tons of packaged meat products. The consolidated turnover and net profit were US$21.2 billion and US$1.0 billion, respectively. Benefiting from our strong cash flows, we continued to improve our capital structure to a great extent. Net debt to equity ratio of the Group at the year-end of 2015 was 41%, a decrease of 20 percentage points from last year. The Board has recommended payment of an annual dividend of HK$0.125 per Share in this year. When approved by you in the forthcoming AGM, this will be the first dividend payment since our listing on the Stock Exchange on August 5, 2014.
As a global food company, we have to pay attention to and cope with the changing environment in the various markets. Facing the new normal of slower economic growth and evolving consumption patterns in China, we utilize our strengths in full to develop new products constantly and modify our product portfolio so as to lead the market trend; to source globally and manage our inventory strategically so as to lower costs; and to undergo business process reengineering and foster technological innovation so as to improve efficiency. These measures enabled us to achieve net earnings growth notwithstanding the market downturn. In U.S., we have been vigorously promoting the transformation of our business there from a commodity supplier to a branded packaged meat company, streamlining our operating structure from numerous individually-run companies into four business units and centralizing our management under the One Smithfield initiative. As a result, we were able to unlock the full value of our business chain, to enhance our operating efficiency and to lower our costs, thus achieving both volume and profit growth in our U.S. packaged meats business.
We have been actively engaged in the integration of our internal resources to maximize synergies. We expanded the export of pork from U.S. to China. This increased the profit of our U.S. operation and reduced the costs of our China operation. We also introduced the raw materials, equipment, technology, management and brand from Smithfield into China for the production of authentic American style packaged meats. This pointed to a new direction for the adjustment of our product portfolio, promoted the upgrading of our industry and added a new driver to the growth of our China business.
As a global leader in our industry, we are dedicated to our sustainable development. We have been implementing stringent food safety control systems so as to provide consumers with quality food. We care about animal welfare.
We endeavor to consume less energy and prevent pollution so as to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment. We are proud of supporting the communities where we operate. Our commitment to sustainability is long- standing. We will continue to improve our sustainability measures to do better.
To conclude, WH Group has entered into a new era of development. We are confident about 2016 as well as future. Going forward, we will actively participate in global competition so as to further solidify and strengthen our leading position in the global market. We will strive to deliver value for our investors and grow together with our stakeholders in order to create a better future for all. On behalf of the Board, I would also like to express my appreciation to our diligent people for their steadfast support to the Group.

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, WH Group Limited 
