CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2008.
In 2008, economic growth of all nations around the world slowed down remarkably under the impact of global financial crisis. Consumers purchasing desire was affected by the economic downturn, and the impact on the consumer sector was severest among all by such an unfavourable economic condition. For the year ended 31 December 2008 ( the Year ), the global handset output decreased significantly, and the average selling price also declined. In the course of industry consolidation where only the fittest would survive, international leading handset brands became more cost sensitive in order to enhance market competitiveness and expand market share, the operating environment for upstream suppliers became more difficult. Nevertheless, capitalizing on its highly vertical integrated capability and global manufacturing and service platforms, BYD Electronic continued to optimize product mix and customer profile. With the maturing assembly business, it captured the opportunity to form cooperative partnership with handset manufacturers during the tough 
During the Year, the Company s two major businesses, including the handset component and module business and the handset assembly services, achieved satisfactory results. In 2008, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB8,555 million, representing an increase of 48% as compared to 2007, which was mainly driven by the growth of the two major businesses during the Year. Profit attributable to equity holders was approximately RMB766 million. The Board of Directors did not recommend the distribution of dividend for the year ended 31 December 2008.
BYD Electronic has been pursuing the operation strategy of optimizing a highly vertical integrated one-stop service, providing handset components and modules and assembly services respectively. During the Year, the assembly services of the Company recorded rapid growth. However, the increasing price sensitivity of international leading handset manufacturers to the products supplied by handset component producers, increase in raw material prices, as well as increase in research and development and operation management fees necessary for enhancing product mix of the Company during the Year, created pressure to the profitability of the Company.
Nevertheless, we are confident that the investment in research and development would help the expansion of market share and the establishment of a solid foundation for future growth of the handset component and module business of the Company.
In addition, as the assembly services were gradually matured, the Group expanded the operations of the business during the Year and recorded one-fold growth in turnover. Facing a downturn of the market conditions, the Group continued to strengthen its capabilities of vertically integrated production, research and development, technology innovations and operational management, as well as to improve the operation of after-sales support service for customers, in order to retain relationship with existing customers and attract new customers while further consolidate the Group s market position as a one-stop handset component supplier of international famous 
During the Year, the Company has been actively establishing its global production platform, with production facilities covering various regions including Shenzhen and Huizhou in China, Chennai in India and Komaron in Hungary, etc. Leveraging the global production platform, we exerted more efforts in enhancing our product design capabilities, in particular for the research and development of mid- to high-end products, in order to satisfy customers demand for high efficiency and quality service.
Looking ahead, the global economy will be further affected by the financial tsunami, while the operating environment for every sector will definitely be exposed to increasing risks and uncertainties. In respect of the handset market, there will be more challenges in the coming year. It is anticipated that demand in the handset market will be further slackened facing persistent price-cutting pressure and the pace of consolidation in the handset industry will be notably accelerated. Under intense market competition, the Group will expand its market share continuously and to optimse cost structure for reducing production cost. Meanwhile, we believe that opportunities always come with crisis . The downturn of market condition may alleviate the pressure from rising costs and may also slower the pace of Renminbi appreciation. Together with the market position of the Group as a one-stop handset component supplier , competitive pricing strategy and global production and sales platforms, the Group will still have room for development. The Group will pay close attention to the development trend of the global financial crisis and the changes in the handset market in order to enhance research and development capabilities actively, increase the turnover of mid- to high-end products and high value-added assembly services, strive to enlarge market share and establish a solid foundation for future growth of the Group.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their long-term support and trust in our Group. And I would also like to thank all the staff members for their dedicated efforts over the years.
We are confident that the Group will continue to achieve strong business growth, and become an international leading manufacturer of handset components and modules with highly vertical integrated capability as well as supplier of handset assembly services, hence sharing the returns with our shareholders.

Hong Kong, 27 March 2009 