CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Year ).
In 2012, recovery of the global economy continued to slacken and the trend of a weakening economy persisted.
The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the PRC only increased by 7.8% year-on-year, indicating a notable decline from the growth rate recorded in 2011. Under the impact of the depressed economy, global market demand for handsets declined for the first time since 2009. On reviewing the year, under the impact of the decreasing global market demand for handsets and the decline in sales of the Group s major customers, the sales of the Group was approximately RMB14,091 million, representing a decrease of approximately 11.20%, profit attributable to shareholders decreased by approximately 37.14% to RMB379 million as compared to 2011.
During the year, smart phones achieved a breakthrough and maintained a strong growth trend, which in turn became the major driving force for growth in the global handset market.
The output of smart phones in China reached 210 million units, making China the largest country in producing smart phones. The major customer of the Group was striving to develop the smart phone market. Its smart phone series launched received good sales response in the fourth quarter of 2012, however, the sales growth was still insufficient to cover the decline in the sales of traditional handset products, causing certain impact on the Group s handset components and assembly business. Nevertheless, by leveraging on the highly vertical integration capability of the Group, strong competitiveness of products and the advantage of a high performance-to-price ratio, the Group successfully attracted a smart mobile terminal manufacturer to become its new customer. The Group would continue to deepen the collaborative relationship with the new customer, which was expected to make more contributions to the future growth of the Group s business gradually.
With increased efforts to propel the application of 3G on a large scale domestically, the Group endeavored to develop and research on the Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) services for high-end handsets. Facing the enormous space for market development, the Group would continue to expand the ODM business of 3G handsets. This would not only facilitate the Group to shift towards the high value-added segment of the industry chain and effectively enhance its business structure, but would also enable the Group to gradually shift to high-end market strategically, and in the long-run it would be favorable to increase the Group s market share in the high-end market and enhance the overall profitability of its business. Meanwhile, the Group diversified its business on the solid foundation of its business. Since rigorous growth was realized in the tablet PC market during the year, equipped with technology in the areas of handset components and assembly, the Group would actively expand this fast growing market to further increase its income streams.
Looking forward in 2013, the future global economic outlook is still full of uncertainties. The global economy remains weak. Although the macroeconomic environment is still gloomy, the PRC economy remains the major driving engine for global economic growth. According to the forecast of IDC, the overall output of smart phones in China will reach 300 million units in 2013, representing an increase of 44% year-on-year, and the development trend will remain strong.
On the basis of increased efforts in the development of smart phones and 3G handset business, the Group will actively expand into new business areas, enrich product mix continuously, endeavor to develop new product lines including tablet PCs, secure more international brand manufacturers to become our new customers, gradually optimize product mix and customer structure as well as strive to develop new income streams and profit sources.
Facing the vigorous emerging of smart phones, mobile internet and tablet PC, market competition has become more intensified and offers more development space for handset and components manufacturers. Being an excellent one-stop provider, the Group will evolve with times and continue to establish good relationship with major smart phone customers to develop new customer sources proactively, in order to obtain more orders from the most popular smart phones and their related high-end electronic consumer products, increase our market share in the smart phone market and further expand our income streams. On the other hand, the Group believes that the worst moment for its major customer is over, and it is expected to resume its market share gradually in future. The Group has actively adjusted the development strategies and is ready to capture the opportunities arising from market transformation.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group. And I would also like to thank all staff for their concerted efforts during the past year. We are confident that the Group will become an international leading supplier of handset and other electronic product components and assembly services with highly vertical integrated capability, and share the returns with our shareholders.

Hong Kong, 22 March 2013 