Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2009.
In 2009, the global economy began to gradually recover from the economic contraction resulted from the financial crisis in 2008 and the macro-economy demonstrated a good development momentum. However, the general consumer confidence and consumption power has yet to recover and demand in the handset market continued to be lethargic, with global handset output decreasing for the first time since 2001.
At a time of regression of the global handset industry, leading handset manufacturers around the world all took a cautious approach in their selection of suppliers and even cut their outsourced processes and strictly controlled the price of goods supplied by upstream handset component producers. With its highly vertical integrated capability, high cost effectiveness and its global manufacturing and service platform, BYD Electronic was still able to win orders from new brands and new products while the handset industry continued to integrate to further increase its market share.
For the year ended 31 December 2009 ( the Year ), the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB11,199 million, representing an increase of approximately 31% year-on-year.
However, due to the decrease in global handset output, price- cutting pressure from customers continued, resulting in profitability pressure despite the general increase in sales of the Group; profit attributable to shareholders decreased slightly by approximately 1% to RMB759 million. To repay shareholders for their support, the Board recommended the distribution of a final dividend of RMB0.067 per share for the year ended 31 
As a one-stop handset component supplier to internationally renowned handset brands, BYD Electronic provides handset component and module business and handset assembly services to handset manufacturers. The vertically integrated businesses of the Group can provide more cost-effective services compared to other suppliers that are limited to a specific scope of the handset manufacturing chain, therefore, the handset component and module business of the Group successfully expanded its market share during the market 
BYD Electronic also provides handset assembly and design services to customers based on their needs. During the Year, the assembly business of the Group greatly benefited from the promotion of 3G services and the marketing of new products in China, resulting in a significant growth in both output and sales.
In the long run, the Group believes that our handset assembly and design services will not only be able to further improve the one-stop supply chain of the Group, but will also become a momentum for the growth of the Group in the vast 3G handset market in China. The Group will continue to invest resources and deploy talents in the research and development and promotion of new products.
The Group has always adhered to its business strategies and it endeavors to expand its product and service mix and further extend its vertically integrated capability. Looking forward, as the global economy gradually recovers from the financial crisis, the Group expects that demand in the handset market will grow as it recovers thus driving the global handset output and the demand for handset components and assembly services. In order to ride this great momentum of market rebound, the Group will stick to its unfailing vertical integration strategy, continue to improve its research and development capabilities, produce handset products that are highly cost-effective, increase customer orders and expand its market share.
The Group believes that the present business environment and the restructuring of the handset industry will provide the Group with relatively more opportunities and room for development.
The Group will be able to stand out by leveraging on its continuous improvement in technological standard, its strong capabilities in research and development, technical workflow process and sophisticated factory management. On the other hand, the Group will actively explore new businesses, create new opportunities for growth and gradually reduce its reliance on a single product or a single customer. BYD Electronic is determined to upgrade its technological standard, provide customers with more valuable design services and will adhere to the above development strategies in order to further promote its market status and create the greatest value for shareholders.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their long-term support and trust in our Group. And I would also like to thank all the staff members for their dedicated efforts over the years. We are confident that the Group will continue to achieve strong business growth, and become an international leading manufacturer of handset components and modules as well as supplier of handset assembly services with highly vertical integrated capability, hence sharing the returns with our 
Hong Kong, 12 March 2010 