CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2007.
2007 marked a key milestone in the Group s development. Since December 2002, the handset component and module manufacturing business of BYD Electronic has been growing rapidly. Considering the prospects of the handset precision component business and assembly services in handset components, the Company successfully spun off from its controlling shareholder, BYD Company Limited ( BYD Holding ), and listed independently on the Main Board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 20 December 2007. The spin-off better reflected the true value of the Company, providing adequate capital and establishing a financing platform for BYD Electronic, which enhances the Company to better capture opportunities in the expected rapid growth of the handset industry.
During the year, both turnover and profit attributable to equity holders recorded strong growth. The Group s two major business, including the handset component and module business, achieved satisfactory results, bringing good profit contributions to the Group, while handset assembly services newly provided to customers also achieved impressive growth. In 2007, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB5,767million, representing a growth of 89% over the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders surged significantly by 50% to over RMB1,093 million.
The Board of Directors recommended the payment of RMB0.15 per share as the final dividand for the year ended 31 December 
In 2007, the global handset market recorded vigorous growth driven by demand from engineering marktes, such as China and India, which had remarkable growth potentials. Increasing industrial integration further strengthened market shares of leading international handset brands, while enhanced industrial concentration intensified market competition. Meanwhile, with the global trend of outsourcing, leading international OEM vendors tend to outsource their production processes to enjoy cost advantages. In the face of changing business environments in comparison with suppliers who were limited to handset manufacturing supply chain of specific market sectors, vertically integrated suppliers were able to provide more cost efficient services and rapidly respond to changing market demands.
During the year under review, leveraging on the Group s competitive advantages, handset component and module business recorded remarkable growth. The Group s production facilities In the 2007 the Group s turnover was approximately RMB5,767 million, representing a growth of 89% over the previous year. Profit attributable to equity holders grew significantly by 50% to over RMB1,093 million.

established in Shenzhen and Tianjin enabled the Group to obtain substantial cheap labour force in China. The Group also has established new production facilities in Huizhou in Guangdong province, the PRC, Chennai in India, Komarno in Hungary and Cluj in Romania to establish a global production platform. In addition, the Company commenced the provision of handset assembly services for customers since the second half of 2006, which was well received by the market. The upgraded highly vertical integrated production process further consolidated the Group s market position as a One-stop handset component supplier of international famous handset brands.
The Group adhered to its business strategies of expanding its product and service profolio and further strengthening its vertical integration. Facing with increasing global demands for handsets, the Group has been striving to enchance its R&D, creativity and management capability of products. While strengthening its strategic relationship with the existing customers, the Group actively established cooperation opportunities with new customers.
Our target is to establish and maintain an integrated global production and servicing platform, strengthen our R&D capability, and improve our cost structure, so as to further strengthen the Group s price competition advantageand enhance the Group s 
Looking forward, the Group is confident that the handset component and module manufacturing business as well as the handset assembly service have remarkable room to grow. The shifting of handset production base to the Asian regions and the changing outsourcing strategies of famous international handset brands, such as the dedication of OEM manufacturers in seeking for a balanced supplier portfolio, have supported the growth of BYD Electronic. The Group will further enhance its product designs and production capacity, so as to fully capture future business opportunities and meet the need for sustainable growth.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to express my sincere gratitude for the support and confidence of our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders.
Meanwhile, I would like to thank all our staff members for their dedications over the past years. We are confident that the Group will continue to achieve strong business growth and become an international leading manufacturer of handset component and module with highly vertical integrated capability as well as supplier of handset assembly services, hence sharing the results with our 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2008 
