CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic
(International) Company Limited (“BYD Electronic” or the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (which are collectively
referred to as the “Group”), I hereby present the annual
report of the Company for the year ended 31 December
2016 (the “Year”) to all shareholders.
In 2016, the global economy was clouded by number of
uncertainties, and the economic development remained
stagnant. During the Year, the growth in global smartphone
shipments continued to slow down significantly. In 2016,
the shipments were 1.47 billion units, representing a yearon-year
slightly increase of 2.3%. In China, smartphone
shipments in 2016 were 522 million units, representing
a year-on-year increase of 14.0%, handsets of domestic
brands continued to maintain its leading position in the
market.
During the Year, the Group's turnover amounted to
approximately RMB36,734 million, representing a yearon-year
increase of 25.43%, and the profit attributable
to the owners of the parent company was RMB1,233
million, representing an increase of 35.83% as compared
with that of 2015. The Board of Directors recommended
a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2016 of
RMB0.069 per share.
As using more metal parts, being thinner and lighter
and having bigger screens became the development
trends of smartphones, the penetration rate of metal
parts in smartphones, tablets and other smart mobile
devices market continued to rise. In 2016, leading
domestic smartphone brands, with growing sales volume
and further enlarged market scales, became a major
growth engine of the group’s metal parts business. As
market penetration rate continued to increase and sales
of major customers grew rapidly, during the Year, the
orders of metal parts business of the Group recorded an
outstanding performance, enabling the Group to achieve a
significant growth in revenues and profits. During the Year,
the Group successively received orders from a plurality
of global well-known smartphone brands to continue
providing them with metal casings, metal middle frames
and other handset components for their high-end flagship
models, as such the Group's position in the industry
continued to rise.
As a leading manufacturer in handset components and in
the assembly industry, the Group has strived to promote
the ODM business of products covering smartphones,
tablets and other smart mobile devices to provide
customers with one-stop service covering original design,
components manufacturing and complete assembly.
During the Year, the Group has actively promoted the
development of auto electronics business to nurture new
growth engines for long-term and continuous development
in the future.
Looking into 2017, in the face of slow growth in the
market and a landscape of increasingly fierce market
competition, major handset manufacturers will continue to
expand their market shares through product innovations
and technology upgrade. In the future, metal casings and
metal middle frames are still expected to be the main
trend in the industry, whose market penetration rate will
continuously increase. It is expected that metal parts
business will continue to be an important growth driver
for the revenue of the Group in the future. Meanwhile, the
Group also actively conducts research and development
on new products and new workmanship, including
glass and ceramic, enhances the product yield rate and
expands its production capacity, in order to be wellprepared
for the customers' diversified product needs in
the future. Moreover, the Group will continue to negotiate
cooperation opportunities with potential customers,
expand the network of customer resources and increase
market shares to drive the continuous growth in the
revenue and profit of the Group.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to
thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors
and shareholders for their support and trust in the
Group. I would also like to thank all the staff members
for their concerted efforts during the past year. BYD
Electronic will continue to push forward the development
of all its business segments. The Group will become an
internationally authoritative supplier of handsets and other
electronic product components and assembly services
with the capability of highly vertical integration. We will
spear our efforts to record an outstanding performance
and continue to go forth with a goal of maximizing returns
for our shareholders in 2017.
Wang Chuan-fu
Chairman
Hong Kong, 28 March 2017