CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (which are collectively referred to as the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Year ).
In 2014, the world s consumer electronic industry maintained robust momentum of growth amid the uneven performances of major economies. In particular, the smartphone market grew rapidly with global shipments surging by 28.4% to hit a historical high of 1.24 billion units, or 66.3% of the total global handset shipments. In China, domestic manufacturers successively introduced new models of smartphones into the market, thus improving their brand influence.
During the year under review, the Group s turnover increased by 23.47% to approximately RMB19,832 million.
Profit attributable to equity owners of the parent company rose by 39.06% to RMB902 million.
The increasing popularity of the application of the Group s self-developed plastic-metal hybrid (PMH) technology won its recognition in the market, thus greatly enhancing the Group s overall competitiveness and reinforcing its status as one of the major metal casing manufacturers in the world. The PMH casing business showed higher profitability when compared to the Group s traditional business. During the Year, the Group seized the opportunities to expand its production scale to reach a satisfactory growths in income and profit and consolidating its leading position in the industry.
As for customer relationships, the Group secured a number of new contracts from handset manufacturers to produce high-end smartphones for both the Chinese and overseas markets thanks to its ability to meet their stringent requirements with its overall competitiveness and advanced production technology, so much so that a well-known Korean smartphone brand has also become the Group s customer. Meanwhile, the Group actively strengthened its good business relationships with domestic manufacturers, and won contracts from them to produce a number of high-end models of handsets by catering for their needs to launch various new models of smartphones with such handset components as metal casings of PMH technology and assembly services.
As a leading manufacturer in the handset component and assembly industry, the Group has accumulated extensive experience, and has developed advanced technology and vertical integration capabilities over the years. It is now actively developing the higher-margin original design manufacturing (ODM) business, and has successfully secured a number of contracts from manufacturer at home and abroad, thus enabling the business to pick up 
In the future, the demand for smartphones and tablets will remain strong on the back of the rising popularity of mobile internet and the ongoing diversification of intelligent applications, with the global shipment volume of mobile intelligent terminals estimated to continue rapid growth throughout 2015. In addition, the Group believes that PMH metal casings will become more and more popular in terms of its application, and the trend will be gathering momentum. To seize the opportunity in the market, BYD Electronic will continue to bring its capability of highly vertical integration, economies of scale and first- mover advantages into play in order to expand its market share amid the industry s consolidation. The Group will continue to enhance its cooperative relationships with customers, and will capitalize on the launch of new products by domestic and overseas branded smartphone manufacturers by securing contracts from internationally renowned brand manufacturers. This will help it build a more varied and solid customer base. The Group will also endeavor to expand its share of the market for mobile intelligent terminals with the aim of driving the growth in revenue and profit.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their support and trust in the Group. And I would also like to thank all the staff for their concerted efforts during the past year. We are confident that the Group will become an internationally leading supplier of handset and other electronic product components and assembly services with capability for highly vertical integration. We look forward to another year of excellent results and will share the returns with our shareholders.

Hong Kong, 27 March 2015 