CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of BYD Electronic (International) Company Limited ( BYD Electronic or the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ), I hereby present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2011.
In the year under review, the prospects of the global economy became uncertain due to the factors such as severe European sovereign debt crisis, slow recovery of the U.S. economy and slackening Chinese economy. What was more, political instability in certain regions exacerbated volatility of the global economy. Despite the slowing growth in the global demand for handsets, the popularity of smart phones drove the growth of global handset business. Meanwhile, the booming development of smart phones has changed the competition landscape of the global handset market, leading to the shrinking market share of traditional handset manufacturers. With gradual implementation of strategic transformation by the Group s major customer, the Group secured purchase orders from well-known international smart phone manufacturers, laying a more solid foundation for the Group s future sustainable development. For the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Year ), the Group recorded sales of approximately RMB15,868 million, decreased by approximately 4.68% year-on-year. But profits deceased as a result of the adjustment of product structure, decreased sales to major customers, keen market competition and the rising cost. Profit attributable to the shareholders decreased by approximately 41.91% to about RMB603 million year-on-year.
In the transformation of the industrial ecology, leveraging its high capability of vertical integration, strong product competitiveness and the advantage of high performance- to-price ratio, the Group continued to become one of the manufacturers of handset components and modules with the highest cost competitiveness in the industry. During the year, the Group actively expanded its businesses in smart phones and other relevant products, securing brand new customer including Apple Inc., as well as purchase orders of new products. The Group also secured purchase orders for hot new electronic products such as tablet PC. On the other hand, with increasingly competition of the global handset market, international leading handset manufacturers were more cost-cautions and exercised stringent controls over production cost, which added challenges to the Group s operation 
Apart from providing customers with components of handsets and other electronic products and modules, BYD Electronic also provided design of handsets and other electronic products and assembling services according to the requirements of its customers. The Group has been devoted to develop and research high-end handset original design manufacturing (ODM) services. With the vigorous promotion of 3G in mainland China and the increasing promotion efforts on 3G handsets put by operators, there was a strong market demand for 3G handsets and a substantial increase in the number of users. In view of this, the Group continued to develop 3G handset ODM business and consecutively secured purchase orders for 3G handsets from well-known domestic handset producers. However, due to slackening purchase orders from the Group s major customer in the first half of the year, ODM business was affected. It was the Group s belief that the development of ODM business would not only facilitate the Group to shift towards the high value-added segment of the industry chain and effectively enhance its business structure, but also enable the Group to gradually shift to high-end market strategically. In the long term it would be favorable to increase the Group s market share in the high-end market and the overall profitability of its business.
Looking forward to 2012, under the shadow of the European debt crisis and the slow growth pace of the U.S.
economy, the global economy will continue to be adversely affected, resulting in insufficient release of overseas market demand. However, as the second largest economy in the world, China has implemented a series of measures to expand domestic demand and ease monetary, which will make China continue to be the engine for global economic growth. With the demand for smart phones showing explosive growth, the demand for handset components and modules, handset design and assembly services will increase accordingly. The Group expects the output of smart phones will continue to increase. Facing the vigorous emerging of smart phones, mobile internet and tablet PC, the Group will continue to establish good relationship with main smart phone customers. While putting great efforts on the development of smart phones and 3G handsets business, the Group will continue to explore new businesses and enrich product portfolio by pursuing new product lines including tablet PC, and procuring more new customers among international branded manufacturers, so as to create new growth drivers. The Group will gradually optimize product portfolio and customer structure, aiming to foster new sources of income and profit for the Group.
With the enormous opportunities brought by smart phones and 3G handsets, the development strategies and objectives of BYD Electronic remain unchanged a commitment to continuously enhance its research and development capabilities and technological standards, maintain and improve its product quality and value for money advantage, determine to develop an integrated global manufacturing and service platform in order to further enhance its market position.
Finally, on behalf of BYD Electronic, I would like to thank our loyal customers, business partners, investors and shareholders for their long-term support and trust in the Group. And I would also like to thank all staff for their dedicated efforts over the years. We are confident that the Group will become an international leading manufacturer of handset and other electronic product components and modules and assembly services with highly vertical integrated capability, hence sharing the returns with our 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2012 