Chairman s Letter The Cathay Pacific Group reported an attributable profit of HK$7,023 million for 2007 compared to HK$4,088 million in 2006. This is a record annual profit. Turnover also hit a new high, increasing by 24.0% to HK$75,358 million.
The key driver behind the 71.8% rise in profit was strong passenger demand, helped by a weak dollar, fuel hedging gains and the profit contribution from our associates, especially Air China for its first full reporting year. Cargo demand was generally weaker than expected for much of 2007, as was cargo yield. Fuel prices continued to climb, particularly in the latter part of the year, and our total fuel bill rose by 21.8% to HK$24,624 million. Fuel surcharges only partially offset the additional cost.
The airline continued to improve productivity and rein in controllable costs. As a result, the unit cost excluding fuel was slightly below last year.
Consistently strong passenger demand throughout 2007 led to a new record in passenger numbers for Cathay Pacific up by 6.2% to 17.8 million. Passenger revenue increased by 17.0% to HK$39,299 million, while high demand from first and business class passengers helped push up yield by 11.1% to HK52.2. Additional services, added mainly in the latter part of the year, to destinations including Melbourne, New York and San Francisco, led to a 3.9% increase in 
The growth of our cargo business remained below expectation for most of the year, though a 20.3% rise in capacity and the strengthening of services on some routes led to a 12.8% increase in total tonnage carried. Cargo revenue only rose by 10.0% to HK$13,183 million against the 20.3% increase in capacity as a result of declining cargo yields. Demand remained high out of Hong Kong and Mainland China but North Asia, Japan in particular, remained a problem area throughout 2007, contributing to the overall cargo yield decline of 7.7%.
2007 was the first full reporting year to include Dragonair as a wholly owned subsidiary. Dragonair became part of the Cathay Pacific Group in September 2006 and since then work has been ongoing to realise the synergies resulting from the integration of the two carriers. Six new destinations Busan, Fukuoka, Kathmandu, Phuket, Sendai and Taichung have been added to the Dragonair network since the integration and services to existing destinations have been strengthened. Connection times between Cathay Pacific and Dragonair have been greatly improved at the Hong Kong hub and connectivity has been enhanced by strengthening and better aligning both carriers networks.
At the same time, Cathay Pacific has been building on its strategic relationship with Air China. We are currently working on initiatives that will enhance this relationship and will further the development of our respective networks and hubs.
We continued to grow the airline in 2007 and in the course of the year Cathay Pacific and Dragonair added a total of 12 aircraft to our fleet. In terms of new arrivals, the biggest development was the delivery of our first five Boeing 777- 300ER passenger aircraft, which will form the backbone of our long-haul fleet in the coming years. During the year, we ordered 12 more Boeing 777-300ERs, taking our total commitment to 30, and eight Airbus A330-300s. We also announced firm orders for 10 new-generation Boeing 747-8F freighters for delivery between 2009 and 2012. This order underscores our long-term confidence in the airfreight market in Hong Kong, as does the submission of our tender to build and operate the third cargo terminal at Hong Kong International Airport.
We remain committed to enhancing our inflight product and service, and during the course of 2007 we began to rollout our ground-breaking three-class long-haul product on our existing fleet, while all new Boeing 777-300ERs come with this product already fitted. We believe that our new long-haul product, currently installed on 20 aircraft, offers an improved level of comfort and service.
Environmental concerns are growing and we outlined our commitment to minimising the environmental impact of our business in our first Corporate Social Responsibility report published in May 2007. This report highlighted our position on climate change and explained the measures we are taking to reduce emissions. Cathay Pacific and Dragonair together launched a carbon offset scheme for passengers in December.
For the year 2007, Cathay Pacific and Dragonair offset the carbon emissions from all our own business travel.
Cathay Pacific is the subject of anti-trust investigations by competition authorities in various jurisdictions and is cooperating fully with the relevant authorities. Given the uncertainties surrounding these issues no reliable estimate of any potential liability can be made at this time. Accordingly, the matter is disclosed as a contingent liability in note 27(e) to the accounts.
In 2008, we expect the total fleet size for the Cathay Pacific Group to grow to 169 aircraft, an increase of 10. These additional aircraft will be used to expand further Cathay Pacific and Dragonair route networks and to continue to develop Hong Kong s position as Asia s leading international aviation hub for both passenger and cargo traffic. We expect competition to intensify, while high and volatile fuel prices will continue to have a major impact on our business. Any substantial slowdown in world economic activity would pose risks to anticipated passenger and cargo volumes and revenue. We will, however, continue to work hard to realise the full potential from our acquisition of Dragonair, our strategic partnership with Air China and the strength of our main hub in Hong Kong, Asia s World City.

