Chairman s Statement Th ank you for being with US! "Market leadership with 
operational ex cellence and sy nergies among its busines es " 
In 2013, China s economy was full of challenges, with a slowdown in growth momentum. In view of this, the Group continued to optimize its business strategies and to identify opportunities arising from the restructuring of China s economy with continuous commitment to developing its core businesses retail, beer, food and beverage. During the year under review, we successfully concluded the formation of a joint venture with Tesco PLC ( Tesco ) involving the retail business, and also completed the acquisition of Kingway Brewery Holdings Limited s ( Kingway Brewery ) beer business. These strategic moves not only expanded our businesses in a steady and sustainable manner, but also enhanced our core competitiveness and consolidated our leading position in the industry, which will deliver long term sustainable profitability. We are ready for our future growth with the goal of becoming the largest consumer goods company in 
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of approximately HK$146,413 million, representing an increase of 16.0% year-on-year. Consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders amounted to HK$1,908 million, representing a decrease of 51.6% year-on- year. Excluding the after-tax effect of asset revaluation and major disposals, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2013 would have increased by 7.5%.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.14 per share for the year ended 31 December 2013 (2012: HK$0.15 per share) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 6 June 2014. The final dividend, if approved, is to be payable in cash, with an option to receive new and fully paid shares in lieu of cash (the Scrip Dividend Scheme ). Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.13 per share, the total dividend for 2013 will amount to HK$0.27 per share (2012: HK$0.30 per 
Subject to the approval by shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, a circular containing details of the Scrip Dividend Scheme together with the relevant election form will be sent to shareholders on or around 13 June 2014. The Scrip Dividend Scheme is conditional upon the granting by the Listing Committee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited of the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme. It is expected that the dividend warrants and the share certificates for the Scrip Dividend Scheme will be sent to shareholders on or around 10 July 2014.
Change of Address of Share Registrar and 
With effect from 31 March 2014, the Company s Share Registrar and Transfer Office, Tricor Standard Limited will change its address from 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong to Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong. All telephone and facsimile numbers of the Company s Share Registrar will remain unchanged.
Closure of Register of Members The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 26 May 2014 to Friday, 30 May 2014, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to determine the identity of members who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual general meeting to be held on 30 May 2014, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong (which will be relocated to Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong with effect from 31 March 2014 (Monday)) not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 23 May 2014 for 
Subject to the approval of shareholders at the meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after the close of business at 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 6 June 2014 and the register of members of the Company will be closed on Friday, 6 June 2014, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all share transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong (which will be relocated to Level 22, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong with effect from 31 March 2014 (Monday)) not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 5 June 2014 for registration.

Building on the successful strategy of market leadership with outstanding brands, operational excellence and synergies among its businesses , the Group achieved sustainable results which propelled it to further pursue its aspiration to be one of the largest consumer goods company in China.
On the retail front, hypermarkets will remain the main format of the Group s retail division. The division will continue to develop in regions in which the Group has dominant market share and to increase market share by expanding the multi-format business platform. The Group stepped up its effort in the national expansion of its multi-format stores to create synergistic opportunities between its businesses, leveraging its extensive retail network of 4,600 stores across China with the aim of giving impetus to its organic growth. In addition, the division achieved a significant strategic milestone in 2013 the Group and international retail giant Tesco concluded an agreement in October 2013 to form a joint venture to engage in the business of multi-category retailing while also securing significant cost and operational synergies from a compelling combination of local expertise and international best practices. By combining the extensive national retail networks of both companies, the Joint Venture aims to become the leading multi-format retailer in Greater China and to crystallize faster growth and enhanced profitability.
The Group s beer division exhibited strong growth momentum thanks to its continued efforts in enhancing production capacity, effective sales and marketing strategies, as well as the strengthening of its distribution network. The Group s flagship Snow brand remained the best-selling single beer brand in China in terms of volume with a market share of approximately 23% in China. To extend its market leading position, the Group s beer division completed the acquisition of Kingway Brewery assets during the year under review. We are confident that the competitive advantage of the division will be further enhanced after the seamless integration with Kingway Brewery leveraging its reputation and market share in China, especially in Guangdong 
The food division pushed forward its expansion plan and focused on the development of high potential businesses in China through various mergers and acquisitions so as to broaden its income stream. In 2013, the division s assorted foodstuff operation in China acquired rice distribution, production and processing businesses, as well as fruit processing and distribution businesses, to forge a vertically-integrated supply chain spanning from sources to distribution. The expansion will also enhance the synergies with the retail division and secure sustainable improvement in both divisions in the long run.
In respect of the beverage division, it achieved robust growth in both sales volume and turnover. The ![ C estbon purified water products propelled its expansion plan across the country during the year under review. Stepping up its effective promotion campaigns, and with growing its sales network, ![ C estbon maintained its place in the top tier of the purified water market in China. Furthermore, the division s Kirin products focused on certain key cities to boost synergistic investment in sales and engaged in brand localization in order to broaden its customer base. Looking ahead, the division will continue its involvement in the research and development of new products to take advantage of the changing customer preferences in beverage products.
Confronting the ever changing business environment, the Group is dedicated to building specialized IT systems for systematic information analysis, thus enhancing operational efficiency and cost effectiveness. The IT systems include the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system, Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) system, as well as other systems relating to the consumer goods industries, with more than 800 professionals engaged to support this special project. The Group will continue to invest in these revolutionary IT systems.

Pursuant to the Chinese government s rolling out of the steady growth policy, the economy is expected to stabilize. We believe there is immense untapped potential in China s retail market that has yet to be realised. With the benefits arising from acquisitions in 2013, we are confident in our capability to grow through adversity in the long term and to seize growth opportunities in the market when the economy rebounds.
We will continue to implement our stated strategy of growing our four pillar consumer goods businesses by deepening penetration and expanding our markets nationally. We will also leverage our economies of scale to enhance operational efficiency and strengthen our profitability as a whole.
We have formed a strong bond with SABMiller PLC, one of the world s largest brewery companies, for approximately 20 years. We also had another fruitful achievement in 2011 with the establishment of a joint venture with Kirin Holdings Company, Limited, a leading Asian food and beverage company. The valuable experience we have gained from such partnerships gives us confidence in our joint venture with Tesco. Nevertheless, we will continue to explore opportunities in each of our businesses and implement our win-win strategy to cooperate with international players in China so as to enhance synergy and operating efficiency 
On behalf of the board, I would like to show my earnest gratitude for all the trust and support from our valued shareholders, customers and business partners. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation for all the contributions and dedication given by our professional management and staff.
We will get ready to make our greatest efforts to enrich our customers lives with high quality products and services through our sincere commitment.

