Chairman s Statement Chinese Mainland s economic growth remains strong and vibrant on the back of rising incomes and changing lifestyle, its consumer market is in the infancy of development with plentiful opportunities.
With our established market presence, unique business model and strong financial position, the Group is poised for further growth.

Against a broadly steady operating environment, the Group reported solid performance in 2004. Consolidated turnover for the year ended 31 December 2004 rose by 35.8% over 2003 to a record HK$47,078.1million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$1,603.2million, 10.2% higher than in the previous year.
Earnings per share, on a weighted average basis, was HK$0.76 compared to HK$0.70 in 2003.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.16 per share for 2004 (2003: HK$0.14 per share) payable on or about 17 June 2005 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 30 May 2005.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.11 per share, the total distribution for 2004 will amount to HK$0.27 per share (2003: HK$0.24 per share). This represents 13% growth over 2003, excluding the payment of a special interim dividend of shares in China Resources Cement Holdings Limited by way of a distribution in specie in July 2003.
CLOSURE OF REGISTER The Register of Members will be closed from 30 May 2005 to 2 June 2005, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Standard Registrars Limited of Ground floor, Bank of East Asia Harbour View Centre, 56 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 27 May 2005.

To lead corporate development and to capitalize on the booming consumer market in the Chinese Mainland, the Group is adopting a unique retail-led distribution model. Over the past several years, the Group has been restructuring its non-core businesses so as to shift its focus to the core consumer businesses. In 2003, the Group successfully reorganized the concrete business and distributed the interest to our shareholders in the form of a dividend in specie. We also sold our interest in the aviation fuel facility at the Hong Kong International Airport held through a jointly controlled entity. In 2004, our equity interest in Qingdao Qirun Petrochemical Co., Ltd, which owns and operates some oil storage facilities in Qingdao, was also disposed.
At the same time, the Group has been investing in the core consumer businesses.
For the year ended 31 December 2004, the Group incurred HK$4,989.1 million on capital expenditure, a double from 2003, with a majority on retail, beverage and food businesses. By allocating more resources to the core businesses and divesting from the non-core businesses, this will derive higher value for our shareholders.
The Group has accelerated its investments in the Chinese Mainland as planned.
For the year under review, about 51.1% of turnover and 44.7% of profit before tax was from the mainland, compared with 47.5% and 25.8% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2003.
On the other hand, satisfactory progress has been made in the implementation of the retail-led distribution strategy, though it is still at an early stage. The Group s food, beverage and textile operations have started to form part of the supply chain for our supermarket business. In particular, the food operation, which has a long history of supplying fresh meat, vegetables, rice and other food products to our supermarkets in Hong Kong, is their largest supplier. Our Chinese medicine store chain, CR Care, has also started to operate its counters in our supermarket 
The Group has put a heavy emphasis on branding and last year was particularly momentous. In July 2004, our brewery operation started a new advertising campaign on Snow targeting the new generation. Snow is being marketed as the brand associating with life s progression and, hence, linking with the joy and achievements as one grows up. With this sentimental attachment, it is expected to further differentiate the brand positioning of Snow . In addition, in October 2004 the beer investment holding company, China Resources Breweries Ltd., was renamed as China Resources Snow Breweries Ltd. to create an integrated identification of the national brand Snow with the company name.
The supermarket operation has also embarked on a re-branding exercise since the beginning of this year for the supermarkets in Hong Kong with a new logo design consistent with that adopted in the Chinese Mainland. Coupled with internal renovation and increase in fresh food proportion, the customer base is expected to become broader. In the Chinese Mainland, two private labels, Premium Plus and !|}D}T were introduced in the second half of last year, mainly in the hypermarkets and superstores in the southern region. At the end of last year, there were about 62 SKUs in these two private labels mainly in paper products, cleansing products, laundry and other health and beauty care products. The initial sales results were encouraging.
The supermarket operation has an ongoing re-modeling exercise so as to improve the core competence of its store formats. Last year, strenuous efforts were put in modeling superstore, and the new superstores opened in southern and northern China reported very satisfactory performance. This year, the Group will test a new format called Ol, which is a higher-end lifestyle concept specialty store targeting the upscale consumers. Merchandise will be fashionable, value- oriented and concentrate on apparel, household and food. There will also be a higher proportion of private labels.
Apart from branding, other business strategies have also been implemented at different levels. Our supermarket operation is consolidating its shareholdings in the non-wholly owned subsidiaries to develop a more efficient supply chain and enable further cost savings. Taking advantage of the tightening measures to slow down the mainland economy, the supermarket operation is also prudently purchasing some existing store properties as their rental and capital value are expected to rise steadily in the long term. In addition, our food distribution business has entered the Chinese Mainland meat market with a target on the major cities. The technology upgrade program of our textile business will enhance our operational efficiency and increase the proportion of high end products, boosting the overall margins. Our petroleum and chemical distribution business, though falls outside the core business model, is also looking for growth opportunities in the piped gas market.

The Group operates in a competitive yet fast growing environment. Retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew 13.3% in 2004 to about RMB5,400 billion and market consolidation had accelerated. The top 30 retailers constituted approximately 7.1% of the total retail sales, compared with 5.7% in 2003.
Among the total sales of RMB385 billion generated by the top 30 retailers, supermarket operators represented around 53%, reflecting the continued rapid development of this modern format of shopping. Based on the 2004 Ranking of 30 Largest PRC Retail Chain Enterprises NVthQ WMR NAS[FUmi#Omi compiled by the Ministry of Commerce of the PRC, the Group s supermarket operation ranked second among the local supermarket operators in turnover.
Total production volume of the mainland brewery market also increased by about 15% last year to 28.8 million kilolitres. This is the largest increase in the past ten years. In 2004, the top three players accounted for approximately 33% of the market, compared with about 19% in 2000. The Group s brewery operation enjoyed a market share of about 11% last year.
In 2004, the production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland increased by 18% and 22% respectively over the previous year. Our yarns and fabrics production increased by 34% and 0.6% respectively over the same period. Technology upgrade and product mix adjustment have caused some disruption in the production of fabrics in Shandong province.
There has been a stable growth in the mainland meat industry, with an average annual increase of approximately 6% in consumption. Pork consumption per capita in China is still very low on international scale. Improving living standards and rising household income in China will boost pork consumption and narrow the gap with more developed countries.
The Hong Kong economy continued to improve last year following a recovery towards the end of 2003. Retail sales increased by 10.8% alongside strong consumer confidence and buoyant tourism. Supermarket sales and department store sales increased by 3.0% and 12.3% respectively in 2004 over the previous year. For livestock consumption, locally produced and imported live pigs and cattle amounted to about 2,248,000 heads and 47,700 heads respectively in 2004. This represents respective growth of 4% and 5% over 2003.

The Group strongly believes that good corporate governance practices together with fair disclosure is essential to enhance its accountability to shareholders. It has been one of the Group s corporate objectives to maintain a good and solid corporate governance framework.
In November 2004, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange published the conclusions on the exposure of draft Code on Corporate Governance Practices and Corporate Governance Report. The Code on Corporate Governance Practices ( CG Code ) will become effective for accounting periods commencing on or after 1 January 2005 (save for the internal control section which will be implemented for accounting periods commencing 1 July 2005). As part of the Group s determination to enhance its corporate governance standard, the Board has, on its own initiative, compiled the Group s first corporate governance report on its corporate governance practices for 2004 with reference to the CG Code for inclusion in this Annual Report. The voluntary inclusion of the corporate governance report serves as an example of the Group s continuous commitment to enhance its transparency.
Since November 2002, the Group has been voluntarily producing quarterly financial and operational review. We are the first conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange making it a recommended best practice for main board issuers. During 2004, the definitions of connected transactions and parties were amended under the revised listing rules. To ensure that managers of the Group have an in-depth understanding of the new rules, disclosure requirements and the impact on inter-company transactions, an intensive workshop was organized in September last year.
The Group s continuous effort to improve its corporate governance standard has been recognised by the investment community. In 2004, the Group was rated one of the Best Managed Companies in China by FinanceAsia Magazine in its April issue. On a Corporate Governance poll conducted by Euromoney Magazine in September 2004, the Group ranked the first among conglomerates and the sixth among companies in the emerging markets. In addition, the Group was named one of most committed companies to strengthening internal controls and risk management at a Best Managed Companies poll organized by Asiamoney Magazine in its December 2004January 2005 issue. The Group was also placed in the first quartile according to the Hong Kong Institute of Directors Corporate Governance Scorecard based on five major criteria of best corporate governance 
The Group will continue to review the adequacy and effectiveness of its corporate governance practices from time to time, with reference to the prevailing regulatory requirements and international standards.

The Group s internal controls system plays a key role in the management of risks that are significant to the fulfillment of business objectives. The Group s internal controls system has been designed to safeguarding shareholders investments, protecting the Group s assets and assuring against material financial misstatements. The Board has the overall responsibility for maintaining an adequate system of internal controls and conducting regular review of its effectiveness through the Audit Committee.
Based on the assessment for the twelve months ended 31 December 2004, the Board has reviewed and is satisfied with the effectiveness of Group s risk management function and internal controls system. The Board is satisfied that the internal controls system is designed to provide reasonable assurance that business risks attributable to the Group are identified and monitored, assets are safeguarded against unauthorized use or disposition, proper accounting records are maintained and financial statements are adequate and appropriate under the 
In addition to its responsibility to its shareholders, the Group believes that it also bears social responsibility for the wider community. Last year, we participated in a number of sponsorships and charity events, including a charity sales campaign a_PW'YLR , jointly held with the Agency for Volunteer Service, where over ten thousand packs of staples were given out to the elderly and the under-privileged. The Group also aided the UNICEF in their Tsunami relief efforts in early January 2005. Moreover, to promote and facilitate scholars in the field of Chinese management research, the Group was the main sponsor at the International Association for Chinese Management Research Inaugural Conference in June 2004. At the same time, we also shared our management experience as a leading conglomerate with the Hong Kong Society of Financial Analysts and at a seminar of the EMBA programme by the Chinese University of 
The Group recognizes the importance of the views and perception of its investors and the market as a whole. In April 2004, the Group, with the participation of our supermarket management, completed a global non-deal roadshow to meet investors in Europe, the United States and Asia. During 2004, top management along with senior management of different business units met with around 400 fund managers and 145 analysts via one-on-one meetings, visits to our operations as well as conferences arranged by financial institutions.
While investors were able to keep a good track of our business development, we also found the experience rewarding. The Group s commitment in maintaining an open dialogue with investors was recognized by the FinanceAsia Magazine in its April 2004 issue in which our executive director responsible for IR was also rated the Best IR Representative for China.

The change in chairmanship last year is an internal appointment and will further the Group s determination to become a leading consumer company in the region. Now, we have the same dedicated management team with even larger commitment to succeed. Mr. Chen Shulin, the Group s new Managing Director, has been with the Group for many years, and I am confident that he will continue to strengthen our position and lead the Group for further growth.
Restrictions on foreign investment in retailing were removed on 11 December 2004 and competition is expected to step up. Supermarket operators will be repositioned to distinguish themselves from the competition. For our supermarket operation, there was a major improvement in profitability last year following the introduction of various measures to optimize and rationalize the business. The target this year is to further boost competitiveness through format re-modeling, development of private labels and operational efficiency enhancement. Together with the favorable market environment in Hong Kong and a revived brand-fashion distribution business in the Chinese Mainland after terminating distribution of some low profitability brands, the Group is optimistic that its retail business would continue to show improvement.
The mainland beer market has grown rapidly over the last two decades and now the benefits of market consolidation are gradually being realized. The Group entered the beer market early and has built up leading market share in many of its operating districts. The Group will continue to strengthen its existing presence in the North Eastern, Northern, South Western, Central and Eastern region of the Chinese Mainland. Expansion into the Southern region will be cautious by constructing a new brewery in Dongguan, which will be operational in early 2006. The growth of Snow , our national brand for beer, has been encouraging, being one of the fastest growing brands in the mainland. Rising raw material costs is potentially a challenge but the impact should be mitigated by the increase in beer prices, which already started last year.
Our food processing and distribution operation will continue to exploit the opportunities in the Chinese Mainland meat market following the investment in the two meat processing projects in Shanghai and Shenzhen. China s consumption of livestock is expected to continue rising. In recent years, public awareness of food safety has become more acute and slaughtering in registered slaughterhouses designated by the government has been promulgated, further opening opportunities for our food division. With the efficiency improvement under our technology upgrade program and more stable cotton prices, the Group is positive about the long term prospects of the textile operation. The petroleum and chemical distribution business performed well last year amidst volatile world oil prices. Sound hedging and inventory control practices will remain to be emphasized.
Despite the macroeconomic policies to slow down the economy, which so far have been effective in easing the inflationary pressure and addressing market imbalances, Chinese Mainland s economic growth remains strong and vibrant.
With rising incomes and changing lifestyle, its consumer market is in the infancy of development with plentiful opportunities. In Hong Kong, the economy has demonstrated a solid upturn since mid-2003 resulting from the recovery of the property market and an upsurge of consumer spending. Though economic growth is forecast to decline this year, steady job creation and further trade benefits from the second phase of Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA II) are expected to sustain an upward growth trend.
Our core businesses, including supermarket, brewery, food and textile, are now among the leading players in the respective markets with deep industry expertise. The Group will continue to explore opportunities to expand and improve its profitability. With our established market presence, unique business model and strong financial position, the Group is poised for further growth.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank all our staff for their commitment and hard work throughout last year. Apart from that, I believe much of the thanks should go to Mr. Ning Gaoning, our former Chairman, who has made a lot of valuable contributions to the Group.

Hong Kong, 8 April 2005 
