CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2009 was a key milestone year in the Group s successful transformation into a consumer goods company focused on the China market. Through an asset swap with our parent company, China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited, completed at the end of December 2009, we disposed of the noncore textile and container terminal operations and acquired a hypermarket chain in the Chinese Mainland and a brewery in Shandong Province. With a subsequent agreement in December 2009 to sell its interest in the brand-fashion distribution business to Esprit Holdings Limited, the Group has now evolved into a pure consumer play focusing on the three core businesses of retail, beverage and food processing and distribution.
The Group s continuous initiatives to consolidate its leadership position in the fast-growing China s consumer market have created a stronger and more focused consumer business platform. Upon the completion of those critical transactions, the Group will be in a better position than ever to achieve quality growth in the years ahead.

In 2009, the retail markets in the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong were not spared from the negative impact of the financial crisis that began to spread across the world in late 2008. The operating environment was challenging for the Group throughout 2009 despite a gradual recovery in some key economies in the fourth quarter of the year.
Retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew at a slower rate of 15.5% year-on-year in 2009, down from 21.6% in 2008, while consumer price index declined by 0.7% year-on-year, compared with a 5.9% increase in 2008. Consumers in general were more price-conscious in their purchasing 
Still, the Group successfully executed its strategy to focus on building its consumer empire. The Group continued to grow the size of its core consumer businesses and delivered an improved profit in 2009 while consolidating its No. 1 positions in the supermarket and beer businesses in the Chinese Mainland.

The Group completed the disposal of its entire equity interest in the noncore textile business and container terminal investments at the end of December 2009. Consolidated turnover from the continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2009 amounted to approximately HK$64,i3i million, representing an increase of 12.1% from the previous year.
Driven by strong growth in the beverage business, the Group s consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders from the continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2009 was approximately HK$2,785 million, 35.9% higher than that of the previous year, despite the unfavorable operating environment. Basic earnings per share from the continuing operations were HK$i.i7, compared to HK$o.86in 2008.
Excluding the after-tax effect of revaluation of investment properties and major disposal of non-core assets and investments, which led to aggregate gains of HK$i,oso million in 2009 and HK$495 million in 2008, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders from the continuing operations would have increased by 11.6% for the year ended 31 December 2009.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$o.35 per share for 2009(2oo8 HK$o.25 per share) payable on or around 15 June 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 24 May 2010. Together with the interim dividend of HK$o.i4 per share, the total dividend for 2009 will amount to HK$o.49 per share (2008 HKSo.o per share). This represents an increase of 23% over 2008.

The Group has a clear goal to develop itself into China s largest consumer goods company. To this end, the Group has been investing in its core consumer businesses for further expansion over the past few years, while, at the same time, disposing of its non-core assets to make good use of resources. For the year ended 31 December 2009, the Group incurred approximately HK$6 billion on capital expenditure with a majority on beverage and retail businesses.
The Group has put more emphasis on increasing the market share and profitability of the existing stores for its supermarket operation. At the same time, we were quick to seize consolidation opportunities in the market and opened more than 380 supermarkets in 2009 to reinforce the Group s leading position in target markets.
For the beer operation, the Group made investments in brewery acquisition, greenfield projects and factory expansion. Major acquisitions during the year included the six breweries in Anhui Province, Liaoning Province, Zhejiang Province and Shandong Province. Efforts were also made to expand its distribution network to boost sales. The Group s purified water operation has continued its expansion outside Guangdong Province and new products were also evaluated.
Food safety has always been a crucial element in the successful business model of the Group s food business. It is also a priority concern for consumers, the government as well as food retailers and manufacturers in the Chinese Mainland. Therefore, we have strategically built a vertically integrated high quality meat supply system to better control both food quality and food safety from upstream to downstream segments of the supply chain.
The Group continued to step up its investments in the Chinese Mainland, where our growth opportunities lie. For the year under review, the mainland market accounted for about 87.4% of the Group s turnover and 55.6% of its profit before tax, compared with 86.8% and 63.1% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2008.

The Group achieved solid results in 2009 despite the challenging operating environment. Provided that the current recovery in the global economy is sustainable, the Group anticipates both the macroeconomic environment and consumer spending in the Chinese Mainland will continue to improve in 2010. Our implementation of the strategy to further expand our core consumer businesses and grow our leadership positions will help us ride on the benefits emerging from the gradual economic recovery.

The consumer price index in the Chinese Mainland returned to positive growth in the last two months of 2009, putting an end to the negative growth in each of the preceding nine months. Retail sales growth reached an eleven-month high of 17.5% in December 2009. These trends as well as expectations of moderate inflation in the market bode well for our retail business in the coming year.

In 2010, the Group s operating environment is expected to improve further on the back of a strengthening economy and the central government s policy in spurring domestic consumption. For example, it will keep implementing policies to stimulate household consumption so as to allow domestic demand to play a bigger role in the country s economic growth.

2010 will be an important year in the development of the Group as we move forward as a pure consumer play in the China market. With the successful repositioning of our business components to focus on the three core businesses of retail, beverage and food, our top strategic goal is to create quality growth for the Group. For this reason, we have to continuously strengthen our existing operations to improve our profitability while actively expanding our presence in the China s consumer market. We are driven by our determination to become the largest consumer goods company in China. Our outstanding track record especially in adjusting the right business focus has given us confidence in our success and achieving even more in the future.

Our achievements in 2009 were made possible only with the efforts of our staff at all levels and I thank them sincerely for their dedication and support. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their support and the trust they have placed in us.

Hong Kong, 25 March 2010 
