Chairman’s Statement
The Group achieved
growth in both beer
sales volume and
average selling price in
2016.
FINAL RESULTS
In 2016, the Group reinforced its development strategy,
continued to strengthen and expand its beer business to
maximize efficiency and to premiumize its product mix.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, consolidated turnover
of the Group’s continuing operations increased by 2.6%
year-on-year to approximately RMB28,694 million. Considering
that on 11 October 2016, the Company completed the acquisition
of 49% stake in China Resources Snow Breweries Limited
(“CRSB”), and the fourth quarter is usually the slack season
for the beer industry, the Company recorded a 5.7% drop in
consolidated profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders
to RMB629 million in 2016 as compared with 2015. It is expected
that the benefit of the acquisition of 49% stake will be fully
reflected in 2017. Profit after tax in 2016 increased by 6.8% to
RMB1,419 million, as compared with 2015.
FINAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommends a final dividend of RMB0.08 per share
for the year ended 31 December 2016 (2015: Nil) payable on or
around 16 June 2017 to shareholders whose names appear on
the register of members of the Company on 1 June 2017, to show
its appreciation to shareholders for their support of the Group.
STRATEGY IMPLEMENTATION
The Company endeavors to create greater value for shareholders
through various means. Upon the disposal of all non-beer
businesses, including retail, food and beverage businesses, to its
parent company, China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited
(“CRH”) in 2015, the Company successfully transformed itself into a
listed company that focuses on the beer business. In March 2016,
the Company announced that it had entered into an agreement with
Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV to purchase the 49% stake held by
SABMiller Asia Limited in CRSB for a total consideration of US$1.6
billion. The transaction was completed in October 2016, which
did not only mark the Group’s gaining full ownership of CRSB, but
also ensured the effective implementation of the Group’s growth
strategies in China. In July 2016, in order to reinforce the Company’s
capital base and to provide greater flexibility to capture development
and expansion opportunities that may arise, the Company
announced the launch of a proposed rights issue (“Rights Issue”) 
on the basis of one rights share for every three existing shares
at the subscription price of HK$11.73. The Rights Issue was fully
underwritten by CRH (Beer) Limited (“CRH Beer”), the Company’s
controlling shareholder and a wholly-owned subsidiary of CRH,
demonstrating CRH Beer’s confidence in and commitment to the
Company’s future and growth prospects. In addition, the Company
believed that the Rights Issue provided the Company’s shareholders
with an equal opportunity to participate in the long-term growth of
the Company and guaranteed that their shares were not diluted.
In the end, the rights shares were oversubscribed and raised over
HK$9.5 billion. Trading in the shares started on The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited in August 2016. The net proceeds were used to
fund the acquisition of the CRSB 49% stake, as well as for working
capital and other general corporate purposes.
In 2016, the overall beer market capacity was dampened by the
sluggish macro-economic growth and the decline in consumer
spending appetite. The weather condition varied during the year
under review. The market capacity was affected by the flooding
in the cities along the Yangtze River and parts of southern
China in the first half, but benefited from a warmer-than-usual
summer in the third quarter. The performance on sales volume of
the Group was better than the industry average. The Group also
carried on the premiumization of its product mix, leverage of
its economies of scale, and maintaining close communications
with distributors and points of sales to gain insights in market
changes. The Group focused resources on its flagship brand
“雪花 Snow” to penetrate various cities in China. Meanwhile, it
further improved its profitability, thanks to execution capability
of its highly efficient team. During the year under review, the
Group achieved growth in both volume and average selling price,
of which the increase in average selling price was benefited from
the product mix upgrade. Furthermore, the reduction of certain
raw material costs further improved gross profit margin.
PROSPECTS
The economy of China and the world in 2016 has been impacted
by several significant global events, including Renminbi’s
inclusion in the Special Drawing Right (SDR) basket, the election
of the new United States President, as well as the Brexit vote.
In 2017, great uncertainties in the economic outlook remain in
view of the changes in political and economic policies in some
key regions, such as the unclear policies and direction after the
new United States President took office, or the elections in some
important member countries of the Eurozone.
Despite the expected fluctuation in future China beer sales volume,
the Group believes that there is still room for growth in the sales
volume of mid- to high-end beers in view of progressive consumption
upgrades in the medium to long term, as compared to other mature
countries. Thanks to that, we are confident of the development of the
China beer industry, and thus will continue to advance through both
organic expansion and grasping appropriate acquisition opportunities
to consolidate the market, in order to reinforce our market leadership
across the nation and enhance our core competitiveness.
Through implementing strategies for innovative developments
and for sales and marketing, lean sales, capacity optimization
etc., the Group is determined to expand the proportion of its midto
high-end beer products and canned beer products, and to
optimize its brand strategy, with a view to enhancing the products’
gross profit and the effectiveness of its selling expenses. On the
operations front, in anticipation of the pressure from the possible
rise in costs for raw materials, packaging materials, transportation
etc., the Group is dedicated to optimizing its production capacity,
reinforcing its central procurements and improving its production
efficiency and lean management. It is committed to improving its
talent staff reserve, to staff training in technical advancement and
to optimizing its staff composition. The Group is resolute in further
strengthening its risk management awareness in order to cope with
the complexities and multiple changes in 2017.
We look forward to leading the business progress and building a
better life together with our consumers, shareholders, staff and
business partners and make the Group a trusted and beloved beer
enterprise.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our special gratitude
to SABMiller PLC and its team for their contribution to the Group
in the past 20 odd years. We would like to thank all shareholders
for their support. We are grateful to our management and staff for
their dedication as well as our customers and business partners
for their long-term trust. We will continue to be fully committed to
delivering quality products to our customers and bringing attractive
and stable returns to our shareholders.
CHEN LANG
Chairman
Hong Kong, 21 March 2017