CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT We have strengthened our leadership through new acquisitions and 
Despite facing a volatile economic environment, the Group continued to grow steadily in 2011 thanks in large part to the continuous expansion of our core businesses through new acquisitions and organic growth, a strengthened market-leading position, and a focused consumer business platform. These have positioned us better to forge ahead with our goal of becoming the largest consumer goods company in China.
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group s consolidated turnover amounted to approximately HK$110,164 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.4%. Consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders amounted to HK$2,832 million, representing a decrease of 50.1% year-on- year. Excluding the after-tax effect of asset revaluation and major disposals, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders contributed by the core businesses for the year ended 31 December 2011 would have decreased by 0.3%. The imposition of the Urban Maintenance and Construction Tax and Education Surcharges on foreign enterprises since the end of 2010, higher labour costs and the accelerated expansion of our retail network into new regions have raised cost pressures, thereby affecting the Group s results during the year under review.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.32 per share for 2011 (2010: HK$0.38 per share) payable on or around 15 June 2012 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 31 May 2012. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.15 per share, the total dividend for 2011 will amount to HK$0.47 per share (2010: HK$0.52 per share).
Closure of Register of Members The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 21 May 2012 to Friday, 25 May 2012, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to determine the identity of members who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual general meeting to be held on 25 May 2012, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 18 May 2012 for registration.
Subject to the approval of shareholders at the meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after the close of business at 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 31 May 2012 and the register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday, 31 May 2012, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all share transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
on Wednesday, 30 May 2012 for registration.

In 2011, our strategy of focusing on the development of our core consumer businesses continued to pay off as we have further consolidated the leading positions of each of our core businesses of retail, beer, food and beverage in China. For instance, our multi-format retail chain has been a leading retail chain group in China, with its turnover reaching HK$70,088 million in 2011.
Snow is the world s best-selling single beer brand and had sales volume of approximately 9,172,000 kiloliters in 2011.
The Group s food division is also the largest supplier of Chinese foodstuffs in Hong Kong and one of the leading integrated food suppliers in China. Meanwhile, led by our flagship ![ C estbon purified water brand, the total sales volume of the Group s beverage division was approximately 2,642,000 kiloliters in 2011, solidifying its leading position in Guangdong and enhancing its penetration in other provinces.
Leveraging our extensive retail network of around 4,000 stores in China, we strive to strengthen the market position of our retail division by committing to a strategy of national expansion that emphasizes strong regional leadership and synergistic opportunities with our multi-format business platform. In 2011, we continued to expand our footprint in various markets by establishing new supermarkets and specialty stores. We also improved our competitive edge by enriching our product mix, boosting sales of our mid to high-end products and improving our customers shopping experience.
Moreover, the Group signed an agreement to acquire a 100% interest in Jiangxi Hongkelong Department Store Investment Company Limited in July 2011. The acquisition will enable the Group to expand its retail business into Jiangxi Province and gain an advantageous market position in the region. Meanwhile, the Group has completed the acquisition from the parent company the entire equity interest in a retail drug store chain in the third quarter of 2011. The 152-store retail network will create synergies with the Group s healthcare retail chains and will enhance its pharmaceutical product mix. These two acquisitions will further enhance our network and competitiveness in China s retail market, and propel the expansion of our retail business.
Despite the increasingly intense competition in China s beer industry, our beer division continued to be a leader in the China market as the result of the establishment of new breweries, our concerted efforts in brand building and successful acquisitions.
Several investments were made during the year, including the equity stake acquisitions of Hangzhou Xihu Beer Asahi Co., Ltd.
(the remaining 55%) and Zhejiang Xihu Beer Asahi Co., Ltd. (the remaining 25%). By the end of 2011, we had a market share of over 20% in China s beer market and an annual sales volume of approximately 10,235,000 kiloliters, further strengthening our position as China s largest brewer in terms of volume.
Remarkable achievements were also seen in various aspects, such as increased average selling price and operating profit, thanks to our strategies of widening product mix and boosting premium product sales.
During the year under review, our food division has further strengthened its NP Ng Fung brand, which features premium food quality and safety, by stepping up its efforts in brand promotion and marketing. To maintain our competitive edge during the year under review, we continued to enhance our integrated quality supply chain, optimize our product mix and add value to our products. The Group s assorted foodstuff operation also expanded its market share in China by making inroads into a number of provinces.
With our strategy of focusing resources on developing selected target markets to form the backbone of our future nationwide distribution network, our beverage division recorded sustained growth momentum in overall sales volume and established a stronger market position in 2011. In addition, we are confident that our joint venture with Kirin Holdings Company, Limited, bringing together the Group s extensive distribution capabilities in China and Kirin Holdings Company, Limited s outstanding product development capabilities, will help make the division a powerful contender in China s non-alcoholic beverage market.

Looking towards 2012, we expect the operating environment in China to remain challenging, with consumer sentiment still affected by volatility in the global economy, primarily the unfolding sovereign debt crisis in Europe. Nevertheless, backed by a rising disposable income per capita as a result of steady economic growth and the Central Government s initiatives to promote consumer spending in its 12th Five-Year Plan , we believe that the consumer market in China will continue to demonstrate relatively stronger resilience to short term market fluctuations and remain optimistic about the development of the country s retail market in the long run.
The Group has successfully built its market leadership in its core businesses through strategic expansion of market share and delivering steady business growth in the past 10 years. This track record has proven the strength of our strategy of national expansion that emphasizes strong regional leadership and synergistic opportunities with our core businesses. In the coming year, we will continue to reinforce our market leading position in China by taking advantage of our strong presence both nationally and in regional markets, as well as our extensive distribution network, reputable brands and diversified product portfolio. We will also seek out investment opportunities in a prudent manner so as to further expand our business, and maintain a tight grip on expenses as we enhance the economies of scale of our 
Building on the strong consumer business platform that we have created over the years and our proven strategy of market expansion, we are well positioned to create increasing value for 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our valued shareholders, customers and business associates for their trust and unwavering support. I would also like to thank our management and staff for their dedication and 
