Chairman s Letter The Cathay Pacific Group recorded an attributable loss of HK$8,558 million in ?008, compared to a profit of HK$7,0?3 million the previous year. Turnover rose by 14.9% to 
Cathay Pacific and Dragonair between them carried 25.0 million passengers in 2008 a rise of 7.3% on the previous year. The amount of freight carried fell by 1.6%. Business in the first six months of the year was generally strong, but extremely high fuel prices in the first half of the year and a plunge in both passenger and cargo demand in the second half as a result of the global financial crisis adversely impacted the financial results.
The price of aviation fuel reached new highs in July 2008 though prices fell significantly towards the end of the year. Fuel surcharges on cargo and passenger tickets only partially offset the additional cost incurred over the course of the year. The fall in fuel prices, though welcome, caused unrealised mark to market losses of HK$7.6 billion on our fuel hedging contracts for the period 2009-2011 which were entered into in order to give a degree of certainty as to future fuel prices and protection against price increases. Our associate Air China also incurred unrealised mark to market losses on fuel hedging contracts and a provision of HK$1 billion has been made covering fourth quarter losses.
On the passenger side revenue increased by HK$8,526 million while the number of passengers carried rose by 7.3% to 25.0 million for the year, largely as a result of strong demand in the first half.
At the same time capacity increased by 12.7% due to the arrival of new aircraft and an increase in services to destinations in Australia, India and the Middle East. Demand from First and Business Class passengers was high until the summer but saw a sharp fall in the wake of the financial crisis. As a result of a strong first half performance, passenger yield rose by 5.3% to HK63.6.
Our cargo business in the first half was stronger than anticipated, but there was a rapid decline in the last quarter of the year as demand fell in all key markets. Cargo revenue for Cathay Pacific and Dragonair combined rose by HK$2,298 million while total tonnage carried fell by 1.6% to 1,644,785 tonnes. Capacity grew by 0.7% as services were trimmed in the second half of the year due to the weakening demand. Higher fuel surcharges helped improve yield by 12.4% to HK$2.54.
Although 2008 was a difficult year for the Cathay Pacific Group, there were many positive developments. These include the arrival of efficient new aircraft, an expansion of our passenger services and the continued rollout of innovative three-class cabins on our medium- and long-haul aircraft, which can now be found on 41 aircraft.
However our business was deeply affected by the dual impact of high fuel prices in the first half and a marked contraction in the world economy thereafter.
As fuel prices soared in the early part of the year a number of measures were put in place to tackle the problem, including moving capacity to routes more likely to make money and continuing work to upgrade the fleet. During the year four new Boeing 777-300ER Extended Range aircraft were received which have proved highly effective on our ultra-long-haul services to North America. The first two of six Boeing 747-400ERF Extended Range Freighters were also delivered, though schedule deliveries in the latter part of the year were set back by a strike at the Boeing production line in Seattle.
As the impact of the financial crisis in the second half of 2008 became clearer further measures were announced to limit the impact on the business, including revising downwards the original growth plans for 2009. As a result of the downturn we plan to dispose of the five Boeing 777-200 aircraft in the Cathay Pacific fleet, while leases on two Airbus A330-300s and one Airbus A320-200 operated by Dragonair will not be renewed when they expire in June and October 2009. On the freighter side, three of our Boeing 747-400BCF Boeing Converted Freighters have now been taken out of service two from Cathay Pacific and one from Dragonair. We also announced in January 2009 suspension of the construction of the Cathay Pacific cargo terminal at Hong Kong International Airport for two years.
In June 2008, Cathay Pacific announced it had entered into an agreement with the United States Department of Justice under which it pleaded guilty to a violation of the United States Sherman Act and paid a fine of US$60 million (equivalent to HK$468 million). A provision for this amount was made in the interim results, and this amount was paid in August.
Cathay Pacific is still the subject of antitrust investigations by competition authorities in a number of other jurisdictions and is cooperating fully with the relevant authorities and vigorously defending itself as applicable. Additionally, Cathay Pacific received and responded to a Statement of Objections issued by the European Commission, and received and is evaluating a Statement of Claim issued by the New Zealand Commerce Commission. Cathay Pacific is not in a position at the present time to assess the full potential liabilities and is therefore not in a position to make further provisions for any 
Having made a painful adjustment to high fuel prices, the aviation industry now has to adjust to a severe economic downturn. Cathay Pacific expects an extremely challenging year in 2009. Passenger and cargo demand are expected to remain weak and, if fuel prices remain at their present levels, further losses on fuel hedging contracts will be incurred (although they will not be at the levels incurred in 2008 and the actual cost of fuel will be substantially lower than in 2008).
Up to the end of February, unrealised mark to market losses on fuel hedging of HK$1.9 billion have been incurred in 2009, compared with HK$7.6 billion for the whole of 2008. The 2009 losses principally reflect reductions in the forward prices payable for fuel during the periods in which the relevant fuel hedging contracts will mature.
As a commercial airline with no financial support or subsidies from the government, we will manage resources in a responsible and prudent manner.
Despite current difficulties, Cathay Pacific will continue to offer a superb international network through the Hong Kong hub, bolstered by the synergies with our sister carrier Dragonair and a continued strong relationship with Air China.

