"Market leadership with outstanding brands, operational excellence and synergies among its businesses" China s economic growth cooled in 2014, with Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) growing at 7.4%, the slowest rate of growth in 20 years. In response to this dynamic change, we continued to develop our core competence for long-term business development by expanding our scale and partnering with experienced leading global industry players.
For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of approximately HK$168,864 million, representing an increase of 15.3% year-on-year. Consolidated loss attributable to the Company s shareholders recorded approximately HK$161 million for 2014 compared to attributable profit of approximately HK$1,908 million for 2013. Excluding the after-tax effect of asset revaluation, the Group s underlying consolidated loss attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2014 was approximately HK$794 
In May 2014, the Group completed the formation of a joint venture (the Joint Venture ) with Tesco PLC ( Tesco ). Tesco is required to make an injection of HK$4,325 million in aggregate. The cash injection, which is reflected on the consolidated balance sheet, is a buffer for the immediate dilution of earnings contribution during the running-in period. The partnership unleashed significant operational synergies by integrating the parties respective strengths and talent resources, along with global best practices and local expertise. This will in turn reinforce the operating efficiency of the physical stores in the Group s retail business, and will thereby strengthen its national retail network. Tesco s established competence in its omni-channels can contribute to store transformation to compete against e-commerce retailers.
After the establishment of its alliance with Tesco, the Group performed an internal assessment on the returns of the asset portfolio of the Group s retail business in 2014. The Group identified stores and assets showing unsatisfactory performance.
Provisions of approximately HK$800 million was made for the closure of certain less efficient stores and stores with poor prospects, primarily comprising of assets impairment and compensations for early termination of the shop leases. In view of the rapid changes in China s retail industry, these assets will be rationalized, and the capital will be reinvested to enhance operational efficiency and IT development to accelerate growth in the asset returns from the Group s retail business.
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.16 per share for the year ended 31 December 2014 (2013: HK$0.14 per share) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 4 June 2015. Despite the setback in short term performance, the Group maintained a total dividend per share of HK$0.27 in 2014 (2013: HK$0.27 per share) to show its appreciation to shareholders for their support to the Group.

With the vision of becoming a world renowned retail and consumer goods company, the Group is undertaking the strategy of market leadership with outstanding brands, operational excellence and synergies among its businesses .
On the retail front, during the year under review, the division s turnover grew by 15.1% with over 4,800 stores as its national footprint was further consolidated after the incorporation of Tesco stores in China. Due to extended frugality measures and the rapid rise of e-commerce, the share of both business and government consumption of retail sales at physical stores decreased, while both family and personal consumption became increasingly important. Consumers are more focused on quality as well as variety of choice. To cope with such fast changes in the operating environment, the Group reviewed the performance of its retail stores and the returns of the assets on hand, identifying some unsatisfactory ones. Most of these stores and assets will be rationalized in 2015. We will concentrate the resources on those assets which show potential for improvement in operational efficiency. Resources will also be spent on IT development, which will save costs, strengthen internal management and lead to progress in the division s omni-channels. IT development will also offer a better customer experience to consumers. The formation of the Joint Venture with Tesco is set to create ample synergies and ensure the sound development of the division s global sourcing, private label products, advanced technology in the loyalty card management and Customer Relationship Management for stimulation of existing customers consumption. These will help us to achieve the goal of becoming the leading multi-format retailer in 
At the same time, the division will stress on the expansion of smaller stores, such as supermarkets, specialist stores and convenience stores, to match the development of the division s e-commerce business, which will officially be launched in the first half of 2015. Furthermore, the net opening of hypermarkets in 2015 will slow down. Certain existing hypermarkets will be reduced to a smaller size and transformed into a new trade up format called V+ focusing on fresh produce and more spaces available for leasing so as to better cater to the changing consumer demand in certain regions.
Looking ahead, the Group s top priority in 2015 is to improve operational efficiency and reduce losses. Costs saved from backoffice integration, merchandise cost efficiency from economy of scale, unified supply chain and others will all contribute to the turnaround. By the end of 2015, the financial system in Enterprise Resource Planning will also be incorporated for efficiency improvement on management, and a consultant is also working on improving workforce efficiency. With the Chinese economy entering into a new phase, the Group will modify its operational model for its physical stores to strengthen its competitive edge and accelerate the growth in asset returns for the division.
The Group s beer division marked two decades of partnership with SABMiller PLC in 2014. The Group s flagship Snow brand was the best-selling single beer brand by volume in China for the ninth consecutive year with a market share of approximately 24% thanks to intensifying market consolidation. The division s acquisition and seamless integration of Kingway Brewery, one of the largest acquisitions in terms of production capacity in China s beer industry in the past five years, and the strengthening of the Group s foothold in southern China, have reinforced its position in the market and led to an increase in market share, especially in Guangdong Province. In the future, the division will continue to strike a balance between making gains in market share and the delivery of operating leverage. In addition, the division will optimize its product mix to improve the division s brand value and enhance the competitiveness of its premium beers.
The food division, which is undergoing a transition to focus on the nationwide expansion of its rice business, saw initial results by its increase in overall turnover of 36.6% year-on-year. The division will continue to achieve sustainable development through the promotion of the NP Ng Fung brand and will seek opportunities to partner with industry heavyweights. The division will also explore more benefits through synergies with the Group s retail division.
The beverage division s turnover and profit attributable to shareholders surged with rapid development of the ! [ C estbon purified water business. Thanks to a growing focus on water quality among consumers, the division further consolidated its market share in Guangdong, Hunan, Sichuan and other provinces. During the year under review, it became one of top three packaged water producers in China. The division will continue to ramp up investment in marketing campaigns to enhance the brand s reputation and customer loyalty for both purified water and beverage products, optimizing its synergies to reinforce its leadership in the market.

The Group has a successful track record with joint venture partners. We believe that the Group can leverage the advanced technology and superb experience of its partners to capture business opportunities. In the short-to-medium term, the profitability of the Group will be affected by (i) China s anti- extravagance policy, (ii) the competition from e-commence businesses, and (iii) the integration process with Tesco s China operation. Although the profitability of the Group is expected to be volatile, gradual recovery should begin to be felt in the short- to-medium term and the Joint Venture with Tesco will assist in the Group s long term prospects and will further strengthen our competitive advantage in our retail operation. The Group s beer business established a solid foundation over the last two decades.
The present scale was established under occasional unfavourable macro factors such as competition, extended cool weather and high raw material costs. The track record proves that the business is able to maintain good balance between growth and profitability over the medium and long term. The rice business within the food division has also affected the Group s results. The rice business is still at the initial investment stage for national expansion, and we believe that it will create value in future. Confronted with a fast changing business environment, particularly in China s retail sector, the Group believes that improving asset return is vital for its long term development. The Group will not only focus on enhancing profitability, but will also try to release more value from the operation and generate the best return to all stakeholders.

I would like to express my sincere appreciation, on behalf of the Board, to all our valued shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and support. I would also like to take this chance to extend my gratitude for the commitment shown by our professional management and staff. We will continue our endeavors in offering high-quality products and services to our customers to become a world renowned retail and consumer 
