Chairman s statement 
With the flourishing economy in the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong, reinforced by the Group s parallel efforts to expand core consumer businesses and realize the value of non-core assets, the Group reported another record year in 2006. Consolidated turnover for the year ended 31 December 2006 rose 21% over 2005 to a new high of HK$65,437 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$2,776 million, a 25% increase from the previous year, the highest it has been since our listing. Earnings per share, on a weighted average basis, was HK$1.19 compared to HK$1.02 in 2005.
Excluding the after-tax effect of revaluation of investment properties and major disposals, which led to aggregate gains of HK$931 million in 2006 and HK$800 million in 2005, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders would have increased by 30% for the year ended 31 December 2006. There was strong organic growth across most of our 
The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.26 per share for 2006 (2005: HK$0.25 per share) payable on or about 15 June 2007 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 28 May 2007.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.14 per share and the special dividend of HK$1 per share paid in December 2006 in respect of the disposal of the Group s piped gas and chemical distribution businesses, the total distribution for 2006 will amount to HK$1.4 per share (2005: HK$0.38 per share). This represents a 268% increase over 2005.
Closure of Register The Register of Members will be closed from 28 May 2007 to 31 May 2007, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Standard Registrars Limited of 26th Floor, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 25 May 2007.

With an objective of becoming the largest consumer company in China, the Group has been investing in the core consumer businesses to enhance market position, improve competitiveness and develop platform for future growth. For the year ended 31 December 2006, the Group incurred nearly HK$4 billion on capital expenditure, with a majority on beverage and retail businesses. Major acquisitions during the year included the five breweries in Fujian Province, Zhejiang Province, Anhui Province, Shanxi Province and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. In addition, there were investments in the greenfield breweries under construction and existing breweries under renovation for capacity upgrade. The capital expenditure on our supermarket operation last year was mainly for new store opening and purchase of store properties. A total of 122 supermarket stores were opened and 25 supermarket stores were acquired during the year.
Concurrently, the Group has been divesting businesses or assets which are outside our core portfolio or which lacked critical mass. In 2006, our entire interests in piped gas and chemical distribution businesses in the Chinese Mainland were sold to China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited, the Company s immediate holding company, for HK$2,780 million. In view of our low gearing at the time of disposal, the Group returned over 80% of the proceeds to shareholders by way of a special dividend.
The Group is also making satisfactory progress in the implementation of our retail-led distribution strategy. The Group s food, beverage and textile operations have started to form part of the supply chain for our supermarket business. In particular, the food operation, which has a long history of supplying fresh meat, vegetables, rice and other food products to our supermarkets in Hong Kong, is currently one of their largest suppliers. Their cooperation has recently extended to Guangdong and Zhejiang provinces. SNOW , our national brand for beer, is also sold extensively in our mainland supermarkets. Our property division, which is very experienced in operating the Group s retail properties in Hong Kong, will develop shopping malls in the Chinese Mainland, with our supermarket stores as 
The Group has also been accelerating its investments in the Chinese Mainland.
For the year under review, about 59.3% of turnover and 41.4% of profit before tax was from the mainland, compared with 55.9% and 40.6% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2005.

The mainland consumer market is highly fragmented with low efficiency while competition is focused on pricing. In addition, there is considerable dissimilarity in the economics, demographics and customer preference of each province and municipality. The Group will analyze in detail the targeted district before entry. Once decided to enter, it will adopt a district dominance strategy in expansion so that economies of scale can be achieved. Both acquisitive and organic growth will be pursued depending on the nature of the business and market opportunities. For acquisitions, the Group has a strong cost discipline while benefits against alternative options are always thoroughly reviewed. Apart from building scale, a culture on cost efficiency in daily operation, looking for concurrent cost control and productivity enhancement, has been promulgated internally to deliver shareholder value.
The Group puts heavy emphasis on branding strategy to differentiate itself from competitors. Our brewery operation has a national branding strategy for SNOW complemented by the district and local brands. SNOW targets the younger generation, and the brand has been associated with life s progression .
In 2006, the brand was marketed as the official partner of beer-lovers dUR a}Yvck_TOO4O . On the other hand, our supermarket operation is developing its image as a distinguished retailing chain via enhanced service and store format innovation. Its new format, Ol , a high-end international food hall targeting upscale consumers, has positively received tremendous response in Shenzhen and Beijing. The Ng Fung brand of high quality fresh meat has been well established by our food business. It has recently launched more general food products under this brand which can be broadly classified into eight categories of rice, rice noodles, fruits, wine, eggs, frozen food, canned food and 
Other business strategies have also been implemented at different levels. The hypermarket of our supermarket operation has adopted a trade up strategy by improving its merchandise mix and layout. More fashionable apparel products are introduced, and the proportion of self-operated counters is rising, especially in the fresh food and soft line sections. Our beverage business has been reforming its distribution channel to exercise better control over distributors and enhance supply chain efficiency. Our food distribution business is exploiting the mainland fresh meat market for growth with two projects in Shanghai and Shenzhen already in operation. Our textile business focuses on the niche products in production, including MAKO yarns, denim casual wears and nylon textured yarns. The proportion of high-end products has increased following its technology upgrade program.

The mainland consumer market is undergoing rapid development but still very fragmented. Retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew 13.7% to about RMB7,641 billion in 2006 with continuous market consolidation. According to the Ministry of Commerce, sales of the top 100 retailers increased by 25% to RMB855 billion and constituted approximately 11.2% of total retail sales.
Growth of the mainland brewery market accelerated last year with total production volume increased by an estimated 14.7%, compared to 10.4% in 2005, to 35.2 million kiloliters. In 2006, the Group s brewery operation enjoyed a market share of about 15% whereas the top three players accounted for approximately 38% of the market, compared with 36% in 2005 and 19% 
In 2006, the production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland increased by 22% and 20% over the previous year respectively. Our focus on technology upgrade and rationalizing products with the intention to produce more upmarket products remains unchanged. Quality high-end products are gradually replacing low-end mass products in our product mix. During this adjustment process, our yarns and fabrics production decreased by 1.8% and 6.9% respectively over 2005.
As disposable incomes rise and living standards improve, the proportion of household expenditure on food will increase. There has been a stable growth in the mainland pork industry, the major food of Chinese, with an increase of approximately 4% in consumption last year. Meat consumption per capita in China, however, is still low on international scale.
The Hong Kong economy further improved last year. Retail sales increased by 7.3% alongside rising domestic consumer confidence and buoyant tourism.
Supermarket sales and department store sales increased by 4.2% and 8.1% respectively in 2006 over the previous year. For fresh meat consumption, imported and locally produced live pigs and cattle amounted to about 1,988,100 heads and 46,500 heads respectively in 2006. This represents a decline of 3% and 4% respectively when compared to 2005. Import of chilled pork from the Chinese Mainland was allowed in August 2006 but this marginally impacted on the fresh meat consumption.

The Board strongly believes in upholding the highest ethical standards in the course of conducting its business. It is well aware that corporate governance embodies a discipline that builds trust, in the absence of which the Group can hardly achieve economic success.
The Board recognizes that having acquired the listing status, the Group s shareholders and other stakeholders would understandably want to know its practices, systems, controls, standards and values. Transparency and information disclosure are central to well-informed investment decisions and minority shareholders; it follows that they are also the key components of the Group s corporate governance framework. Since November 2002, the Group has been producing quarterly financial and operational review on a voluntary basis. It is the first and also the only conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange made it a recommended best practice for main board listed issuers.
The Company s Corporate Governance Practice Manual has laid down the Board s objective to increase the proportion of Independent Non-Executive Directors to at least one-third over time. We are glad to see that this was fulfilled during the year under review. The Hon. Bernard Charnwut Chan and Mr. Siu Kwing Chue, Gordon joined the Board as Independent Non-Executive Directors in November last year; and after their appointment, the Board consists of six Independent Non-Executive Directors out of a total of 17 members.
The Group has a proven track record of enforcing good corporate governance practices. Its efforts to implement a sound and effective corporate governance framework have been well received by the investment community, and the following accolades attest to the recognition gained by the Group in 2006: " it was ranked overall number one in the 2006 Euromoney Best Corporate Governance survey on global emerging markets; " it was honored as an Awardee in the Board Category for Listed Companies (SEHK Hang Seng Index Constituents) in the Directors Of The Year Awards 2006 organized by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors; " it was rated one of the companies with the best corporate governance in China and also one of the best managed companies in China by FinanceAsia; " it was selected as one of the recipients of the Recognition Awards 2006 - The Best of Asia by Corporate Governance Asia; and " it was named one of the outstanding enterprises among blue-chip companies in Hong Kong by the Economic Digest.
The standard of good corporate governance practices is always changing. In order to keep up with this dynamic environment, the Group will continue to monitor the adequacy of its existing practices.

The Board is responsible for the Group s system of internal control and its effectiveness to ensure the accomplishment of corporate goals, smooth running of the operations, assets and stakeholders interest are safeguarded as well as reliability of financial statements. The Group adopts the control framework consistent with the frameworks recommended by both the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in the United States and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants as our standards in establishing control systems and the best practice among our 
The Board conducts regular review of the Group s internal control system. For the year ended 31 December 2006, the Board has reviewed and is satisfied with the effectiveness of the Group s current internal control system in place. A detailed elaboration of the Group s internal control system is set out in full in the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.

How corporations should deal with the ethical, environmental and social impacts of their business operations has drawn much attention from the public in recent years. Stakeholders, including not only shareholders but also customers, suppliers, employees and the society at large, increasingly expect the Group to conduct its business more responsibly and be more accountable to the environment and community. The Board is aware that the absence of appropriate responses to such expectation would hold back the Group s 
Our guiding principles are to adopt open and transparent business practices that are based on ethical values and respect for the community, the environment, employees, shareholders and other stakeholders so as to deliver sustainable value, and to incorporate such values into our business decisions and processes.
Environmental protection is one of the focal areas that we address. The Group endeavors to conduct business in ways that protect and preserve the environment. There are policies to guide us in this regard, which stipulate that the Group should, among other things, evaluate the environmental and ecological impact from its operations, and assess the potential environmental risks before any proposed business acquisition should be proceeded. One of the examples of our corporate culture to protect and preserve natural resources is the pledge by our supermarket division in Hong Kong to reduce the distribution of plastic bags and the participation in the No Plastic Bag Day event. The result was encouraging. Also, our mainland supermarket division has been looking for ways to improve its energy system s efficiency. Initiatives included raising in- store air-conditioner temperature and installing energy saving lighting system.
In addition, the Group promotes public awareness of the need to protect our environment. For the second consecutive year, our beverage operation launched the campaign called The Great Expedition with SNOW (dURR)Ym) .
The 2006 campaign produced a documentary program on adventures to trace the origin of the Yangtze River, with an aim to encourage the public to protect our water sources.
The Group also cares for the community and constantly works for the good of the underprivileged. During the year, our beverage division organized different activities the purpose of which was to provide financial assistance to poverty- stricken students in the Chinese Mainland, and at least 600 students benefited as a result. Our supermarket division helped raise money for charity through in-store donation collection boxes, and sponsored the establishment of the third primary school in the Chinese Mainland since 2004. Like the year before, Chinese Arts & Crafts put up an exquisite art item for auction and donated the entire proceeds to a charitable fund.
The Group s community involvement goes beyond donations to charitable organizations. Our supermarket division in Hong Kong obtained the Caring Company Logo Award from the Hong Kong Council of Social Service in February 2006. This logo was awarded to companies which satisfied the six criteria of the Caring Company Scheme and demonstrated good corporate citizenship.
The Group conducted a large-scale customer satisfaction survey on our businesses in both the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong together with consultancy firms last year. This regular exercise enables us to identify our strengths and weaknesses in the marketplace, so as to improve our products and services from customer perspective. We respect the opinions of our customers and view their satisfaction as an attribute in fulfilling our social responsibility as well as a tool to enhance our competitive edge.
In view of the diversity of the Group s businesses, the issues of corporate social responsibility can be tackled from many angles. We will continuously explore new initiatives to fulfill our duty as a good corporate citizen.

Our ultimate goal is to create a steady, long term growth in shareholder value.
The Group has been encouraging a tripartite communication system among investors, senior management and operational management to reach high standards of corporate governance. Understanding the unique features and specific needs of a conglomerate enterprise of different businesses, we strive to go beyond merely improving investor relations, but also promoting effective communication among investment community, senior management and various 
The Group maintains an open dialogue with the investment community. Our practice for conducting a three-week global roadshow annually around April to visit institutional investors in Europe, the United States and Asia has highly been appreciated by the investment community. The focus in the 2006 global roadshow was on our supermarket and beverage operations and detailed analysis on our niche, strategies and the competitive environment was presented.
Chief executives of the two operations also participated in the roadshow together with senior management from the headquarters. The Corporate Day held in July for analysts and fund managers was also well received. During the three-day tour, the syndicate visited our meat processing centre in Shanghai, supermarket and brewery operations in Zhejiang Province. In 2006, top management along with senior management of different business units met with about 630 analysts and fund managers in over 230 meetings including one-on-one meetings, site visits, luncheons as well as conferences arranged by financial institutions.

CRE s share price rose 61.4% to HK$22.35 in 2006, outperforming the Hang Seng Index by 20.2%. During the year, its daily closing share price hit a post- Asian financial crisis high of HK$23.70 on 13 December 2006. The lowest closing price was HK$13.80. CRE s market capitalization also grew 70.4% to HK$52,711 million in the year.
Dividend Payout Ratio The Group has long had a goal of gradually improving its basic cash dividend payout ratio and has continuously delivered upon this goal. We plan to pay basic cash dividends that balance the cash generated from the growth of the company s earnings with the cash needed to fuel future profit growth. In addition, special dividends would be considered for exceptional events, subject to the prevailing financial position, funding needs and market environment. In 2006, a special cash dividend of HK$1 per share was paid following the disposal of the Group s piped gas and chemical distribution businesses. Special dividends were also distributed in 2002 and 2003 during which the non-core assets in banking and building materials were divested.
Total Shareholder Return With the gradual re-alignment of our business focus on the consumer sector, robust operating performance and rising corporate governance standard, CRE s shares achieved a total return for shareholders of 291.5% over the past five years, as measured by share price appreciation and reinvested dividend. This is considerably higher than that of the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index. For the year 2006, the total return for shareholders was 72.5%, compared to the average 39.0% of the Hang Seng Index and 53.1% of the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index.

2006 was a remarkable year for our core consumer businesses. There was encouraging profit increase in our retail business led by our supermarket operation. With a 34% rise in beer sales volume to 5.3 million kiloliters, our beverage business became the largest brewer on the mainland. The tremendous growth of the national brand, SNOW , also reinforced its position as the country s largest beer brand. Underlying net profit growth of our food business was the strongest in recent years while its mainland meat processing projects progressed well. For our textile business, despite a profit decline amidst challenging operating environment, there was a strong demand for its high-end yarn products, MAKO, after technology upgrade and our future focus will be on producing niche products and product mix enhancements.
The mainland supermarket business is highly competitive as global players are increasingly attracted by China s robust private consumption growth and the liberalized retail market. Market consolidation will accelerate and the Group s supermarket operation needs to continually enhance its core competence and market niche. Future expansion will be very focused in terms of location and store format to establish dominance within the target district in the most efficient way. We will open mainly hypermarket and standard supermarket depending on the local demographics and economies. To improve shopping environment and alleviate the impact of rising retail rentals, we are leasing out some of the hypermarket space to complementary tenants. We are also buying some of the store properties on stringent requirements and have started to integrate the procurement and logistics networks in Eastern China.
Our beverage business will continue to spread its brewery network along the coastal line and Yangtze River into the neighboring areas. Although the start up cost is high for new districts, this is essential in order to develop an efficient national distribution network. At the same time, we aim to attain profitable expansion via operational improvements. A three-pronged approach will be adopted to grow production capacity through acquisition, greenfield investment and capacity upgrade. The reduced reliance on acquisition is made possible with the rapid development of SNOW as a national brand. The popularity of SNOW is the result of our success in brand positioning, marketing strategies and market consolidation. We will step up our sales efforts for SNOW this year in the major cities including Beijing, Guangzhou and Shanghai as there is rising demand for 
Import of chilled pork from the Chinese Mainland was allowed in the second half of last year but there has been little impact on our food business, which imports livestock from the mainland. We have successfully developed Ng Fung brand as high quality fresh meat, creating a strong premium brand image amidst growing concerns over food safety. Supply of fresh pork from the local farms, the only other source of live pigs in Hong Kong, will be further reduced by the introduction of a pig farm license surrender scheme in middle 2006 to control Hong Kong s pollution problems. The shortfall will be satisfied by imports. Our mainland meat processing projects in Shenzhen and Shanghai are progressing well. We have developed a competent supply chain from pig sourcing, slaughtering, meat production to retailing in the two cities. Our experience and reputation put us in a favorable position to capture further investment opportunities in the mainland meat market.
Following a slack result last year, which was partly due to the restrictive quotas on mainland textile products, our textile business will concentrate on products with better competitiveness and margins. We have established our comparative advantage in higher end yarn and nylon products to match strong overseas demand for high quality shirts and stockings. We are also targeting denim casual wears to lead our garment export.
The economic environment of the markets we operate is positive. China s economy continued to churn ahead in 2006. To ensure balanced and sustainable economic development, the central government has set stable economic growth and low inflation targets for this year. It has made boosting domestic consumption a priority for driving economic growth and introduced measures to narrow the income gap. The recent measures to slow down the mainland economy are only specific to certain over-invested sectors. In Hong Kong, the economy is strong with falling unemployment rate, increased salaries, rising tourist arrivals and steadily improving property market.
Looking ahead into 2007 and beyond, our focus is on the execution of our plan to build the Group into the largest consumer company in China. Divestment of the non-core assets will also continue. After the sale of our piped gas and chemical distribution operations in the Chinese Mainland last year, a framework agreement has been signed recently relating the disposal of our petroleum distribution operation in Hong Kong, the only remaining business in our petroleum division. These parallel efforts have a common goal to improve shareholder return. We are optimistic that the earnings gap created after the disposal of our non-core assets will be gradually filled by our core businesses and new contributions from re-investment of the disposal proceeds. As the mainland consumer market is huge and growing fast, we are excited about the opportunities in the years ahead and are confident in our ability to capitalize on them and deliver superior results to our shareholders.

We have considerably strengthened our Board in recent years to promote corporate governance practices. In late 2006, two Independent Non-Executive Directors joined our Board, namely The Hon. Bernard Charnwut Chan and Mr. Siu Kwing Chue, Gordon, whose knowledge and expertise will surely be invaluable to the Group. I would like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Chan and 
With a team approach in our operation, our success highly depends on the full dedication from our hardworking employees. Their innovation as well as commitment to excellence have helped us build a unique result-oriented culture, and I take this opportunity to thank them. I also wish to express my gratitude to our shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their support of the Group.

Hong Kong, 4 April 2007 
