Chairman’s Letter
The Cathay Pacific Group reported an attributable loss of HK$575 million for 2016. This
compares to a profit of HK$6,000 million in 2015. The loss per share was HK14.6 cents
compared to earnings per share of HK152.5 cents in the previous year.The operating environment for our airlines was difficult in
2016, with a number of factors adversely affecting their
performance. Intense and increasing competition with other
airlines was the most important. Other airlines significantly
increased capacity. There were more direct flights between
Mainland China and international destinations. Competition
from low cost carriers increased. Overcapacity in the market
was a particular competitive problem for our cargo business.
Three economic factors were also important, the reduced
rate of economic growth in Mainland China, a reduction in
the number of visitors to Hong Kong and the strength of the
Hong Kong dollar. Hong Kong dollar strength made Hong
Kong an expensive destination and caused revenues earned
in other currencies to be reduced on conversion into Hong
Kong dollars. All these factors put severe competitive
pressure on yields. We benefited from low fuel prices, but
the benefit was reduced by fuel hedging losses, largely
incurred on hedges put in place when the fuel price was
much higher than today. The contribution from subsidiary
and associated companies was satisfactory.
The Group’s passenger revenue in 2016 was HK$66,926
million, a decrease of 8.4% from 2015. Capacity increased
by 2.4%, reflecting the introduction of new routes and
increased frequencies on other routes. The load factor
decreased by 1.2 percentage points, to 84.5%. Yield, which
was under intense pressure throughout the year, fell by
9.2% to HK54.1 cents, reflecting overcapacity in the
market, a decline in premium class demand and weak
foreign currencies.
The Group’s cargo revenue in 2016 was HK$20,063 million,
a decrease of 13.2% compared to the previous year. The
cargo capacity of Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon
increased by 0.6%. The load factor increased by 0.2
percentage points, to 64.4%. Tonnage carried increased by
3.1%. The market was very weak in the first quarter. Tonnage
recovered from the second quarter, becoming seasonally
strong in the fourth quarter. Yield fell by 16.3% to HK$1.59,
reflecting strong competition, overcapacity and the
suspension of Hong Kong fuel surcharges. Demand on
European routes was weak. Demand on transpacific routes
grew slightly in the second half of the year. Freighter
services to Portland and Brisbane West Wellcamp were
introduced. We managed freighter capacity in line with
demand and carried a higher proportion of cargo in the
bellies of our passenger aircraft.
Total fuel costs for Cathay Pacific and Cathay Dragon (before
the effect of fuel hedging) decreased by HK$4,906 million (or
20.4%) compared with 2015. Fuel is still the Group’s most
significant cost, accounting for 29.6% of our total operating
costs in 2016 (compared to 34.0% in 2015). Fuel hedging
losses reduced the benefit of low fuel costs. After taking
hedging losses into account, the Group’s fuel costs
decreased by HK$5,015 million (or 15.2%) compared to 2015.
There was a 2.9% increase in non-fuel costs per available
tonne kilometre. Staff costs, landing and parking fees,
and aircraft maintenance costs increased at a faster rate
than capacity.
Congestion at Hong Kong International Airport and air traffic
control constraints in the Greater China region continued to
impose costs on the Group. We are doing more to improve
the reliability of our operations. This was reflected in a 7.4
percentage points improvement in on-time performance.
In response to weak revenues, we have undertaken a critical
review of our business. In the short term, we are
implementing measures designed to improve revenues and
reduce costs. The longer term strategy which is being
developed in response to the review is designed to improve
performance over a three year period.
In 2016, Cathay Pacific introduced passenger services to
Madrid (in June) and London Gatwick (in September). Both
services have been well received. We will increase the
frequency of our Gatwick and Manchester services in June
2017. Frequencies on some other routes were increased in
2016. Cathay Pacific will introduce services to Tel Aviv in
March 2017, to Barcelona in July 2017 and to Christchurch in
December 2017. Cathay Pacific stopped flying to Doha in
February 2016, but still offers codeshare services with Qatar
Airways on this route. Cathay Dragon increased frequencies
on its Phnom Penh, Wenzhou and Wuhan routes and reduced
frequencies on its Clark and Kota Kinabalu routes. Cathay
Dragon stopped flying to Hiroshima and stopped the tagged
flight between Kathmandu and Dhaka, providing direct
services to both destinations instead. 
In 2016, we took delivery of 10 Airbus A350-900 aircraft.
These fuel efficient and technologically advanced long-haul
aircraft are being used on our Auckland, Düsseldorf, London
Gatwick, Paris and Rome routes. We retired our last three
Boeing 747-400 passenger aircraft and three Airbus A340-
300 aircraft during the year. One Airbus A340-300 aircraft
was retired in January 2017 and the remaining three such
aircraft will be retired later in 2017. We took delivery of our
final Boeing 747-8F freighter in August.
The new Airbus A350-900 aircraft have our latest cabins,
seats and entertainment systems and inflight connectivity
for passengers’ mobile devices. We opened a new lounge in
Vancouver in May 2016, reopened the business class
lounge at The Pier in Hong Kong in June 2016, and
reopened our first and business class lounges at London
Heathrow in December 2016. The G16 lounge in Hong Kong
closed for renovations in July 2016 and will reopen in the
second quarter of 2017.
In November 2016, Dragonair was rebranded as Cathay
Dragon, bringing the brands of our two airlines into closer
alignment. The first aircraft featuring the Cathay Dragon
livery went into service in April 2016.
Prospects
We expect the operating environment in 2017 to remain
challenging. Strong competition from other airlines and the
adverse effect of the strength of the Hong Kong dollar are
expected to continue to put pressure on yield. The cargo
market got off to a good start, but overcapacity is expected
to persist.
We expect to continue to benefit in 2017 from the fact that
fuel prices are much lower than their previous high levels,
but to a lesser extent (because of some increase in oil
prices in recent months) than in 2016. We also expect to
incur further fuel hedging losses in 2017, but these should
be less than in 2016. Our subsidiaries and associates are
expected to continue to perform satisfactorily.
Despite the challenges with which we are faced, we still
expect our business to grow in the long-term. Air traffic to,
from and within the Asia-Pacific region is expected to grow
strongly. We intend to benefit from this growth by increasing
our passenger capacity by 4-5% per annum, at least until
the third runway at Hong Kong International Airport is open.
We will continue to introduce new destinations and to
increase frequencies on our most popular routes. We are
buying new and more fuel efficient aircraft. This will increase
productivity and reduce costs.
We are starting on a three year programme of corporate
transformation with the intention of achieving returns above
the cost of capital. The goal is to become a more agile and
competitive organisation in order to take advantage of
changing market trends and customer preferences.
We will continue to make investments designed to
strengthen our brand and what we offer to our customers.
We aim to deliver better services and to do so more
effectively through the use of data analytics and mobile
technology. Doing this will increase operational efficiency
and help us to meet our customers’ needs better. We are
reviewing our revenue management, distribution and pricing
practices. We intend to increase ancillary revenue.
Just as important as improving revenues is reducing costs.
We are working on operational changes intended to
improve the reliability of our schedules. This will reduce the
costs of disruption and will also enable us to use our assets
more efficiently and to improve our on-time performance.
Our organisation will become leaner. This will improve
productivity and reduce costs and will also enable us to
make decisions more quickly. Our aim is to reduce our unit
costs excluding fuel over the next three years.
The objective of the Cathay Pacific Group is to provide
sustainable growth in shareholder value over the long term.
We are confident of longer-term success. We celebrated
our 70th anniversary in 2016 and our commitment to Hong
Kong and its people remains unwavering.
John Slosar
Chairman
Hong Kong, 15th March 2017