Chairman s Statement 
Despite the unexpected economic contraction caused by severe acute respiratory syndrome, or SARS, in the first half, the Group achieved satisfactory results in 2003 reflecting the strength of our management team and resilience of our businesses. Consolidated turnover for the year ended 31 December 2003 rose 20.2% over 2002 to a record HK$34,655.2 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$1,455.2 million, 3.6% higher than the previous year.
Earnings per share, on a weighted average basis, was HK$0.70 compared to HK$0.68 in 2002.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.14 per share for 2003 (2002: HK$0.13 per share) payable on or about 15 June 2004 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 27 May 2004.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.10 per share, the total distribution for 2003, excluding the special dividend, will amount to HK$0.24 per share (2002: HK$0.22 per share). In July 2003, a special interim dividend was paid by way of a distribution in specie of one share in China Resources Cement Holdings Limited ( CR Cement ) for every ten shares of the Company. There was also a special dividend of HK$0.25 per share paid in February 2002 for the disposal of the Group s investment in a banking business.
Closure of register The Register of Members will be closed from 27 May 2004 to 2 June 2004, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Standard Registrars Limited of Ground floor, Bank of East Asia Harbour View Centre, 56 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 25 May 2004.

To capitalize on the booming consumer market in the Chinese Mainland and maximize the synergies among our businesses, the Group is committed to a unique retail-led distribution model. The Group s food, beverage and textile operations have started to form part of the supply chain for our supermarket business. Ng Fung Hong, for example, is the single largest supplier to our supermarkets in Hong Kong. With its gradual expansion into the mainland meat market targeting the major cities, it will grow together with our mainland supermarket business. To help Snow , the national brand of our brewery business, penetrate into provinces of the Chinese Mainland where the Group does not have any brewery, the beer was introduced to our supermarkets starting last October. In fact, it is the first time that Snow is available for sale in our Southern China supermarkets. The garment division of our textile operation is also looking into the possibility of manufacturing apparel-related private labels for our supermarket operation.
The rapid growth of our retail business, led by our supermarket operation, is expected to drive the development of our supply chain business with significant synergies through this internal integration. For the retail business, there will be less agency involvement and more control over value-added stream. For the supply chain business, the benefits include expanded distribution network, lower sales and marketing costs as well as more effective customer feedback.
Though execution of this retail-led distribution corporate strategy is at an initial stage, the progress has been satisfactory.
On the other hand, the Group has started to dispose of its non-core businesses.
We have successfully reorganized our concrete business and distributed the interest to our shareholders in the form of a dividend in specie. The new company, CR Cement, was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange by way of introduction on 29 July 2003.

The new management team at our supermarket operation has successfully implemented strategies in the second half of the year to revive the business.
These included embarking on a cost saving program to reduce salaries and rentals, launching a new supplier rebate system to encourage volume discount, enhancing the efficiency of our supply chain as well as re-branding the whole business. As a result, there has been a significant improvement at the supermarket operation with losses reduced consecutively for the last two quarters in 2003.
To increase the core competence of our retailing businesses, the Group acquired our parent company s logistics business in July last year. It was then integrated with the Group s existing logistic operation to meet our own demand in the long term, especially in the area of fast-moving consumer goods.
Other businesses have also rolled out their respective strategies steadily. In particular, since the implementation of the national brand strategy in 2002, sales volume of Snow has increased rapidly and it accounted for about 26% of our total beer sales volume last year. To facilitate national brand development and centralized management, our brewery business has also been acquiring the minority stakes from its joint venture partners, including the Wuhan and Jilin breweries in 2003. The technology upgrade program at our textile business is poised to enhance our operational efficiency and increase the proportion of high end products, boosting the overall margins. In addition, our food distribution business has entered the Chinese Mainland meat market with a target on the major cities. Though falls outside the retail supply chain, our petroleum and chemical distribution business is also looking for growth opportunities in the Chinese Mainland, such as the piped gas market.

The major market segments in which the Group s supply chain operates saw decent growth last year. Retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew 12% in 2003 to about RMB4,600 billion and market consolidation had accelerated. In 2002, China s top 100 chain store retailers' sales constituted 6% of total retail sales. In 2003, top 30 retailers already constituted the same percentage. Of the total sales of RMB270 billion generated by the top 30 retailers, supermarket operators represented around 57%, reflecting the rapid development of this modern format of shopping.
For the mainland brewery market, total production volume increased by about 6% last year to 25.4 million kilolitres. In 2003, the top three players accounted for approximately 31% of the market. It was only about 15% ten years ago.
The production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland increased by 16% and 9% respectively in 2003 over the previous year. We were ahead of the industry growth with yarns and fabrics production increased by 30% and 11% respectively over the same period.
The mainland meat industry currently enjoys a stable annual growth rate of 3% to 5% in consumption. Pork consumption per capita in China is still very low on international scale. Improving living standards in China will boost pork consumption and narrow the gap with more developed countries.

In Hong Kong, the overall retail environment improved substantially towards the end of last year due to relaxation on Chinese Mainland individual travelers and the wealth effect from improvement in property and stock markets. Retail sales declined 2.3% for the full year of 2003 but rebounded 5.3% in the final quarter. Supermarket sales and department store sales decreased by 1.0% and 2.9% respectively in 2003 over the previous year. For livestock consumption, locally produced and imported live pigs and cattle amounted to about 2,158,000 heads and 45,000 heads respectively in 2003, remaining relatively steady over 2002.

The Group is dedicated to enhancing its corporate governance standard and special efforts were made last year to strengthen the efficiency of the Board, improve internal control mechanism and increase financial transparency. Various committees are present to carry out advisory and supervisory functions.
Summarized below are the major corporate governance initiatives adopted by the Group last year.
The Compensation Committee, members of which include all Independent Non-Executive Directors and the Director responsible for the Group s human resources function, was established last year to ensure the implementation of a transparent and fair remuneration system for directors.
? The Nomination Committee, comprised all Independent Non-Executive Directors, was also set up last year to develop a formal and transparent procedure for the appointment and re-appointment of directors.
? A Corporate Governance Standards and Objectives Handbook with details covering the responsibilities of Board members, their functions, the structure of the Board as well as the Group's corporate governance policy was distributed to all senior staff and released on the corporate website for public access.
? A Balanced Score Card (BSC) management system was introduced to align our performance measurement system with our corporate missions and 
Since November 2002, the Group has been voluntarily producing quarterly financial and operational review. We are the first conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange making it a recommended best practice for main board issuers in the proposed Code of Corporate Governance Practices released in January 2004.
During the year, Board meetings were held on average more than once a month enabling members to participate in key decision-making process of the Group. While independent view from the Board is increasingly emphasized nowadays, average attendance of the Group s Independent Non-Executive Directors stood over 90% last year, showing that the Group s major decisions went through balanced yet independent perspectives.
The Group s distinguished efforts in promoting good corporate governance have been highly commented by the financial community. It was named the second Best Corporate Governance company in the Hong KongChina category and the sixth among corporations in leading emerging markets by a corporate governance poll organized by Euromoney Magazine in 2003. The Group was also rated China s Most Improved Corporate Governance company in the Best- Managed Companies Award run by Asiamoney Magazine in its December 2003 January 2004 issue.
The Group strongly believes that good corporate governance practices together with fair disclosure is essential to enhance its accountability and transparency.
We will continue to take on the challenges in accomplishing better corporate governance and promote this as part of our corporate culture.

The Group continued to engage in frequent and open communication with the financial community and the media last year. Top management along with senior management of different business units met with more than 410 fund managers and 250 analysts last year in the forms of one-on-one meetings, visits to our supermarket outlets, brewery plants and logistics operations as well as presentation at conferences arranged by financial institutions.
The Group s on-going efforts in encouraging two-way communication with investors have won it a good name for investor relations. In a survey conducted last year by the Institutional Investor Research Group, the Group was named the Best Company IR and the Most Improved IR among conglomerates in Asia by the Buy-side and the Most Improved IR among companies in Hong Kong and the Most Improved IR among conglomerates in Asia by the Sell- side. These awards will continue to motivate the Group to step up its initiatives in sustaining a two-way communication with investors and the media.

The outbreak of SARS last year has raised public awareness and knowledge of hygiene and health. With businesses such as food distribution and supermarkets, which are closely related to the daily lives of the public, the Group had exercised extreme caution and prevention to ensure the hygiene of our products and the shopping environment. It reflects our care for our customers and our communities.
There was a substantial increase in our cash donations to charitable organizations last year. In particular, the Group participated in the Project Hope School program and sponsored the construction of a primary school in Jiangxi Province through China Resources Vanguard Co., Ltd. ( CR Vanguard ) in November to enable children there to obtain education. Moreover, the Group supported a number of charity events, including the Fifth Challenging 12- Hours Charity Marathon, organized by Sowers Action, Trailwalker by Oxfam Hong Kong and East China Flood Relief Program launched by Ming Pao Newspaper Limited. It is the Group s commitment to customers, shareholders and employees to improve the lives of the society.

Chinese Mainland is at the heart of our growth and the Group has been strategically building up presence in this important market. Our supermarket, brewery and textile operations are now among the leading players in their respective industries. Our food operation also expanded into the mainland meat market last year to capture the opportunities in abattoir and meat processing business. With a retail-led distribution model, the Group has increasing exposure to the mainland and Hong Kong consumer market. This would drive the overall development of the Group.
In particular, our supermarket business has built up a significant market presence over a period of just two years. Whilst the market is still expanding rapidly, over the medium term, the focus of growth is likely to shift away from the major cities into the second and third-tier cities. Our superstore format has the flexibility and cost efficiency to succeed in these cities. In 2003, the first year after acquisition of CR Vanguard, our focus was placed on organizational realignment. We revamped nearly the entire management team, blending local and international expertise, and entrusted them with our national vision. This year, with a much stronger and energized team in place, we will look for business optimization, including strengthening our supply chain, developing long term relationship with suppliers, building model stores for future expansion and establishing a respectable supermarket brand.
In March 2004, our brewery business entered into a conditional agreement with the major shareholder of Zhejiang Qianpi Group Company Limited to reorganize the company into a joint venture company, whereby our brewery business will have 70% equity interests. This joint venture not only can strengthen our leading position in the mainland brewing industry but also expand our geographical coverage to the Eastern part of the Chinese Mainland.
We now have a more integrated distribution network with breweries in the North Eastern, South Western, Central and Eastern region.
The elimination of all import quotas on textile products by the end of 2004 associated with China s entry to the WTO will boost the potential of the mainland textile market but that may also lead to a concurrent surge in protective trade measures. Nevertheless, we are aiming for higher operational efficiency by centralizing management functions and technology upgrade.
The Group has accelerated its investments in the Chinese Mainland as planned.
For the first time, the Group s revenue from the mainland exceeded that of Hong Kong, accounting for 47.5% of the total revenue for the period under review, compared with 42.4% during the year ended 31 December 2002. As the retail and brewery operations bore the brunt of the SARS outbreak, the proportion of profit before tax from the mainland decreased from 29.5% to 
Chinese Mainland is playing an increasingly important role in the global economy. With the continuous economic growth, low interest rate environment and favorable demographics, its consumer market is thriving. At the same time, the closer economic partnership between the Chinese Mainland and the territory as well as the influx of mainland tourists following the relaxation of individual travelers have stimulated Hong Kong s economy and improved consumer sentiment. With our unique business model, prudent strategy execution and strong financial position, we are optimistic about the prospects for further growth.

As at 31 December 2003, excluding its associates and a jointly controlled entity, the Group employed approximately 80,000 people, of which approximately 97% were employed in the Chinese Mainland, with the remaining predominantly in Hong Kong. We offer ongoing training courses and workshops on diverse topics to our employees to enhance both their career and personal development, sometimes in conjunction with the training programs of our parent company. The Group s employees are remunerated according to the nature of job, individual performance and market trends with built-in merit components, paid in the form of cash bonuses and share options. Details of the share option scheme are described in the Report of the Directors.

2003 was an exceptionally challenging year characterized by economic and political uncertainties. Yet, we have emerged stronger and more united. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to extend our appreciation towards our staff for their dedication and commitment.

Hong Kong, 7 April 2004 
