In 2012, the global economy faced many headwinds with the ongoing European debt crisis, the imminent U.S. fiscal cliff and the looming currency war, which affected economic growth in China.
Despite the market volatility, the Group continued to evaluate the market situation and to identify opportunities with its commitment to developing its core businesses retail, beer, food and beverage.
Through organic growth and acquisitions, the Group maintained steady expansion and further strengthened its leading position in the market. Our track record of sustainable business growth has not only propelled us further towards our goal of becoming the largest consumer goods company in China, but also laid a solid foundation with which we will weather any uncertainties and grasp opportunities when the economy rebounds.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of approximately HK$126,236 million, representing an increase of 14.6% year-on-year. Consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders amounted to HK$3,945 million, representing an increase of 30.9% year-on- year. Excluding the after-tax effect of asset revaluation and major disposals, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 would have decreased by 19.2%.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.15 per share for 2012 (2011: HK$0.32 per share) payable on or around 14 June 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 30 May 2013. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.15 per share, the total dividend for 2012 will amount to HK$0.30 per share (2011: HK$0.47 per share).
Closure of Register of Members The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 20 May 2013 to Friday, 24 May 2013, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to determine the identity of members who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual general meeting to be held on 24 May 2013, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
on Thursday, 16 May 2013 for registration.
Subject to the approval of shareholders at the meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company after the close of business at 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 30 May 2013, and the register of members of the Company will be closed on Thursday, 30 May 2013, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all share transfer documents, accompanied by the relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Share Registrar, Tricor Standard Limited at 26F, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 29 May 2013 for registration.

Building on a development strategy of national expansion that emphasizes strong regional leadership and synergistic opportunities between its businesses, the Group further enhanced its competitiveness and achieved sustainable business growth during the year under review. Leveraging its extensive retail network of more than 4,400 stores in China, the retail division continued to expand its national footprint to new markets and strengthened its market dominance in existing markets. Furthermore, during the year under review, the contribution from the newly acquired Jiangxi Hongkelong Department Store Investment Company Limited demonstrates the success of the Group s acquisition strategy in accelerating growth. Apart from network expansion, the Group fostered cooperation with national mainland property developers to bring in its multi-format stores to high quality shopping malls.
To further strengthen its competitive edge, the retail division will continue to relocate experienced staff to new regions, enrich its product mix and enhance the unique and sophisticated shopping experience for its customers.
With a market share of approximately 22% in China, the Group s beer sales volume reached approximately 10,639,000 kiloliters in 2012, and its flagship Snow brand beer continued to be the best-selling single beer brand by volume in the China market.
Set against the increasingly competitive environment in China s beer industry, the beer division managed to boost beer sales and strengthen its market share by stepping up its efforts in marketing and promotions and enhancing its product mix in 2012. The Group also continued to implement its acquisition strategy to secure its leading position in the beer market. One important milestone was the agreement to acquire the beer business of Kingway Brewery Holdings Limited ( Kingway Brewery ) in February 2013. The acquisition, which brings the Group well-received brand equity and a strong market share in Southern China, will further enhance its competitiveness in China s beer industry and will propel the expansion of its beer business.
As the largest supplier of Chinese foodstuffs in Hong Kong and one of the leading integrated food suppliers in China, the Group s food division actively expanded its market presence in China leveraging the reputation of its NP Ng Fung brand during the year under review. Moreover, the division strategically disposed of its marine fishing and aquatic products processing operation to focus resources on its core businesses. Looking forward, the division will actively identify opportunities to expand its revenue stream and focus on the development of high potential businesses such as the sourcing and distribution of certain food and agricultural products. Furthermore, more growth potential is expected to be explored through the synergy from the cooperation between the division s high growth potential businesses and the Group s retail business.
Thanks to its efforts in marketing and brand building and increased sales in other provinces, the Group s beverage division achieved remarkable growth in both sales volume and turnover of its ![ C estbon purified water. During the year, the Group also expanded sales of Kirin beverage products through the distribution channels of its packaged water operation. Looking ahead, the beverage division will also continue to engage in research and development on new products with the aim of tapping the robust demand for more innovative beverage products for customers. All of these endeavors will lead the Group to accomplish its goal of becoming a powerful contender in China s non-alcoholic beverage 
In order to fuel sustainable growth, the Group is also devoted to continuing education and talent development. For example, the retail division has established a training institute to organize systematic training sessions for its staff since 2010. During the year under review, a total of more than 2,000,000 man-hours of trainings were organized by the retail division. Apart from our headquarters and business divisions organizing various training sessions and workshops, we also actively participate in training courses organized by China Resources University, our parent company s training institute. It was established to develop the management skills and leadership of senior and middle management as well as to enhance the competitiveness of the professional experts.
With the aim of enhancing its core competitiveness, management flow and cost effectiveness, the Group has established a special IT team comprising more than 30 professionals to develop its IT system projects. The Group will invest more than RMB2 billion in the coming 5-6 years to develop IT systems such as the Enterprise Resource Planning ( ERP ) system and the Customer Relationship Management ( CRM ) system for the fast-moving consumer goods ( FMCG ) industry, as well as other systems related to the retail and 
Looking forward to 2013, the global economic volatility is expected to affect consumer sentiment and the short-term operating environment in the retail industry. However, we are optimistic about the long-term development of China s retail market as the central government s new urbanization strategies promulgated in its 18th National Congress will promote domestic consumption.
With our strong financial position and healthy cash flow, we are more focused than ever to weather the uncertainties ahead and to prudently expand our business to capture the opportunities that will 
Moreover, we will carry on in looking for opportunities to team up with other market leaders where circumstances allow to create synergies, especially for our retail and food divisions. We have a good track record of partnering with SABMiller plc, one of the world s largest beer companies, to develop the beer market in China.
In 2011, we formed a joint venture with Japan s leading beverage company Kirin Holdings Company, Limited ( Kirin Holdings ) to ride on our beverage division s extensive distribution capabilities in China and the excellent product development capabilities of Kirin Holdings. We are confident that the win-win strategy to cooperate with other leading companies and international players will enable us to sharpen our competitive edge and accelerate our development in China s consumer market.
In the future, our mission remains the same to become the largest consumer goods company in China. We will adhere to our commitment to market share development for each of our consumer goods businesses while leveraging our economies of scale to enhance operational efficiency and generate higher value over the longer term. We will continue to observe the economic environment as we pursue sustainable growth with disciplined management of costs and risks, and will keep a firm grip on liquidity and financial efficiency. We will also strive to maintain high standard of corporate governance, aiming to win numerous related awards and accreditations continuously.

Lastly, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our valued shareholders, customers and business associates for their trust and unwavering support. I would also like to thank our management and staff for their professionalism and dedication. We endeavor to bring quality lifestyle to our customers through our wholehearted commitment and hard work.

