CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
The Group s consolidated turnover and profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2002 amounted to approximately HK$28,822.0 million and HK$1,402.9 million respectively, representing an increase of 19.1% and 16.4% from that of last year. Profit contributed by the textile business replaced the anticipated decline in profit from property development segment. Earnings per share of the Group, on a weighted average basis, was HK$0.68 compared to HK$0.60 in 2001.
On a geographical basis, turnover from the Chinese Mainland accounted for 42.4% in 2002 as compared to 31.9% last year. The growth is consistent with the Group s strategic direction to increase the weighting of its business from the Chinese Mainland.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.13 per share for 2002 (2001: HK$0.1 per share) payable on or about 2 July 2003 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 2 
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.09 per share and the special dividend of HK$0.25 per share paid on 8 February 2002, the total distribution for 2002 will amount to HK$0.47 per share (2001: HK$0.18 
CLOSURE OF REGISTER The Register of Members will be closed from 2 June 2003 to 5 June 2003, both days inclusive. In order to qualify for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Standard Registrars Limited of GF, Bank of East Asia, Harbour View Centre, 56 Gloucester Road, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 30 
The Group has identified the Chinese Mainland retailing market as driver to lead the growth of its distribution businesses. In 2002, retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew 8.8% in nominal terms, again faster than the nominal GDP growth of 6.7%. This is the trend for the past eight years in the Chinese Mainland. Its robust economy and growing urban segment is underpinning the retailing market with consumers showing a growing preference for better shopping environment and quality products. Modern food retail formats, in particular hypermarkets and superstores, are quickly gaining popularity. Coupled with the economic liberalization after its accession to the World Trade Organization, we believe the mainland consumer sector is still at an early stage of its metamorphosis and 
Under the Group s retail-led distribution model, some of our consumer businesses, including food, textiles as well as beverage, will form part of the supply chain for our retail businesses. Our objective is to maximize the operational synergies between our retailing businesses and supply chain- related distribution businesses. The Group has initially targeted fresh food and garment products for integration with the retailing businesses.
Last year, we formulated strategies for our retail, food, textiles and logistics businesses together with professional firms. This year, we have started to further streamline our business via non-core asset disposal. On 26 March 2003, in a bid to further streamline our business and focus on the core operations, the Group proposed a restructuring which, if implemented, will result in the Group s shareholders receiving a special dividend through a distribution in specie of the Group s existing interests in concrete manufacturing and related interests under a new holding company, China Resources Cement Holdings Limited ( China Resources Cement ). The restructuring is conditional on, among other things, the approval by the independent shareholders of the Company on the acquisition of some cement operations held by China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRH ). An application has been made to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( the Stock Exchange ) for the listing of China Resources Cement on the Stock Exchange by way of introduction. Details of the group restructuring will be shown in a circular to be dispatched to the shareholders.
We will continue to review our business portfolio and improve its overall efficiency in a manner consistent with the legitimate interests and benefits of our shareholders.

In a bid to improve financial transparency, the Group announced voluntarily its first quarterly financial and operational review in November last year. It is our intention to continue to publish quarterly financial and operational review in the future. In fact, we are the third Hang Seng Index constituent stock to voluntarily announce quarterly performance review. Summarised below are the other major corporate governance initiatives adopted by the Group last year.
" The Group s Executive Committee, which formulates company policies and supervises their implementation, held an intensive meeting in September 2002 to discuss international corporate governance standards and our comparison. It subsequently approved of a proposal to further elevate our standard.
" A handbook on corporate governance was prepared and distributed internally by the end of last year. The handbook sets out our principles and practices in corporate governance and will be updated regularly to match with international standards.
" As a measure to further enhance the Board s independence in the review of management performance, the Group appointed Dr. the Hon Li Ka Cheung Eric as independent non-executive director in March 2003.
The Group is committed to ensuring shareholders of high standard of corporate governance in all aspects and our requirements are promulgated to all management levels. We will continue to look for further improvement riding on the efforts made last year.

With a common goal to strengthen investor relations, the Group s senior management and heads of different business units worked closely last year to enable an open and responsive communication with shareholders, the financial community and the media in Hong Kong and abroad. During the year, company visits, site visits, roadshows and conferences were arranged to provide investors with a full perspective of our businesses and new investments. More than 240 analysts and 440 fund managers attended the functions. Through such interactive and keen communication with investors, management benefited considerably from a better understanding of the interests and concerns of investors. The Group's concerted efforts in promoting investor relations have received enthusiastic feedback from the financial community and the media.
In addition, the Group s web site was revamped during the year to allow easier access to the most updated company news. Press releases and presentations were often distributed in a proactive manner so that investors could keep good track of the latest information.

The Group is dedicated to build better lives together with the community.
In October 2002, the Group jointly organized a recruitment campaign, namely Your gateway to China with CRH, offering one hundred vacancies to new university graduates. The response to the campaign was encouraging and over 1,800 candidates attended the event. Apart from the campaign, staff from all levels of the Group was given ongoing training programs and workshops on diverse topics to enhance both their career and personal development.
It is also the Group s objective and responsibility to minimize environmental impact of our operations. Our brewery, petroleum and chemical distribution as well as food processing and distribution operations have deployed stringent environmental protection measures to reduce effluence to the least. The Group will continue to encourage and implement initiatives that could bring forth the well-being of the Hong Kong and Chinese Mainland societies and will endeavor to comply with the best industry practice.
A NEW BRAND IDENTITY In September 2002, CRH undertook a corporate branding campaign to promote and enhance its brand identity. The four person (?) Chinese characters embedded in our new logo represent four aspects of the China Resources culture --- dedication to people, growth driven by people, respect for people and improvement to the lives of people. Together with our parent company, the Group is committed to enrich people s lives and deliver maximum value to our customers, shareholders and employees. Through innovation and enhancement, the Group aims for achieving leadership positions in our core businesses over the medium to long term.
Our corporate tagline Better Life Together also echoes the Group s existing businesses that are, by and large, tightly related to daily lives.

The 2002 results were achieved in a difficult year marked by continuing deflation in Hong Kong, global economic slowdown as well as a high degree of economic and political uncertainty. Despite the challenging environment, the Group has been laying solid foundation for its future. We have seen the initial results of our restructuring exercise announced in June 2000 as evident from the earnings stability in 2002 in the absence of significant property development profit. Over the past two to three years, we have restructured our business portfolio to reduce the reliance on property development and focus on distribution businesses.
We have also increased the pace of our investment in the mainland retailing market, through acquisitive and organic growth. The Group aims to achieve a total retailing turnover of RMB50 billion in the Chinese Mainland in five years time to lead further corporate development. The successful acquisitions of China Resources Vanguard Co., Ltd. ( CR Vanguard , formerly known as China Vanguard Supermarket Department Co., Ltd.) and Suguo Supermarket Co., Ltd. ?? !"#$%=are important steps to implement our retailing plan. We have also commenced a re-branding program for our supermarket business. A national brand with traits that can clearly be distinguished from another will be created. As WTO broadens direct access to the mainland market, competition is increasing especially in the supermarket sector. To succeed in competition, we are strengthening our supply chain, building up district dominance, improving cost efficiency and recruiting talents. Upon successful implementation of our retailing plan by the end of 2006, our earnings base will be enlarged and become more recurrent.
In addition, our supply chain-related operations, including food, brewery and textile, are well positioned to seek growth opportunities in the Chinese Mainland to bring synergies to our retail businesses. Though businesses in Hong Kong were restrained by the effects of more than three years of price deflation and high unemployment rate, they had displayed strong resiliency during the year and contributed stable cashflow. For the year under review, the proportion of the Group s revenue and profit before taxation from the mainland has increased to 42.4% and 29.5% respectively, compared with 31.9% and 12.5% during the year ended 31 December 2001.
Barring any unforeseeable circumstances, we expect the Group to achieve satisfactory results for 2003 and the turnover from the Chinese Mainland to exceed Hong Kong. We are confident of our long-term ability to excel in a competitive market environment.

As at 31 December 2002, the Group excluding its associated companies employs approximately 66,000 people, of which approximately 63,000 are employed in the Chinese Mainland, with the remaining predominantly in Hong Kong. The Group s employees are remunerated according to the nature of job, individual performance and market trends with built-in merit components, paid in the form of cash bonuses and share options. A new share option scheme to replace the old one was approved by the shareholders in the general meeting on 31 January 2002. Details of the scheme are described in the Report of the Directors.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our sincere thanks for the valuable contributions given by Mr. Chan Wai Mo, who has recently resigned as the Group s executive director for personal reasons.
Directors of the Group would also like to welcome a new member to the Board, Dr. the Hon Li Ka Cheung Eric as independent non-executive director.
We believe that with his extensive experience in public services, accountancy and professional management, Dr. Li will become another valuable member of the Board.
Finally, we acknowledge our gratitude to our employees for their commitment and hard work during the year.

Hong Kong, 3 April 2003 
