Chairman s Letter The Cathay Pacific Group recorded an attributable profit of HK$4,694 million for 2009. This compares to a loss of HK$8,696 million the previous year. Turnover for the year fell by 22.6% to HK$66,978 million. Earnings per share rose by HK340.3 cents to HK119.3 cents.
The main story of 2009 was the impact on our business of one of the most severe economic downturns in recent memory. The global slump resulted in extremely challenging business conditions for the Cathay Pacific Group and commercial aviation in general. While there was some pick-up in both our passenger and cargo businesses towards the end of the year as the recession began to ease, overall we saw a deep downturn in our key markets which in turn led to sharply reduced revenues.
We took a number of measures to help us address the steep downturn in business, including reducing capacity in both Cathay Pacific and Dragonair, reducing operating costs and capital expenditure, introducing an unpaid leave scheme for staff, parking a number of aircraft, working to get concessions from suppliers and requesting a deferral of new deliveries from 
Fuel prices in the first half of the year were significantly lower than the record highs of mid-2008. However, they started to rise again in the middle of 2009, reaching uncomfortably high levels. This rise was reflected in mark to market gains of HK$2,018 million recorded in 2009 in respect of fuel hedging contracts for the period 2010-2011. These gains reversed a large part of the substantial losses recorded in 2008 in respect of fuel hedging contracts. We expect the results of fuel hedging to be less volatile in future.
Cathay Pacific and Dragonair between them carried 24.6 million passengers in 2009 a fall of 1.6% on the previous year. Our capacity fell by 3.7% compared to 2008 as we reduced frequencies and (in the case of Dragonair) temporarily suspended operations to six destinations. This in turn supported the load factor, which at 80.5% rose by 1.7 percentage points The Cathay Pacific Group recorded an attributable profit of HK$4,694 million for 2009. This compares to a loss of HK$8,696 million the previous year. Turnover for the year fell by 22.6% to HK$66,978 million. Earnings per share rose by HK340.3 cents to HK119.3 cents.
compared to 2008. Our passenger revenue fell by 20.8% to HK$45,920 million, reflecting substantial reductions in premium traffic and in economy class yields, though economy class passenger numbers held up well. The strong US dollar in the first half of the year also contributed to the 19.5% fall in passenger yield for 
Cargo revenue for the Cathay Pacific Group fell by 29.9% to HK$17,255 million in 2009, while the amount of freight carried for Cathay Pacific and Dragonair dropped by 7.1% to 1,527,948 tonnes. We reduced cargo capacity by 13.1% in response to the weakness in demand. This was reflected in a load factor of 70.8% (compared with 65.9% in 2008). Our cargo business was exceptionally weak in the first half of the year, with a significant decline in tonnage and yield in all key markets. The latter half of the year was stronger with yield increasing in October, albeit from a very low base, and rising consistently for the remainder of the year. Our cargo yield for the year fell by 26.8% 
Despite 2009 being a very difficult year for the Cathay Pacific Group, we worked hard to keep the fundamentals of our business intact. Though we cut capacity and parked a number of passenger and cargo aircraft, we have kept our network substantially intact.
We also went to great efforts to ensure that the quality of our product and service was not diminished and that the passenger experience was not compromised. We continued with the rollout of our innovative three-class cabin designs for our medium- and long-haul fleet, with all aircraft fitted with the cabins by November. New aircraft continued to arrive, improving the overall efficiency of our fleets, while the remaining older, fuel- inefficient Boeing 747-200F Classics were retired.
A significant change in Cathay Pacific s shareholding structure took place in the second half of the year, with Air China and Swire Pacific both agreeing to increase their shareholdings by acquiring shares from CITIC Pacific. Air China acquired a 12.5% interest, taking its shareholding in Cathay Pacific to approximately 29.99%. Swire Pacific acquired a 2% interest, taking its shareholding from approximately 39.97% to approximately 41.97%. The change in shareholding benefits Cathay Pacific because we now have two strong principal shareholders, both committed to the long-term development of the aviation industry in Hong Kong and Mainland China. In February 2010, we announced a very important development in the cooperation with Air China we had entered into a conditional framework and other agreements with Air China and others under which the parties have agreed to establish a jointly owned cargo airline. Cathay Pacific s investment in the joint venture will be funded by the sale to the joint venture company, Air China Cargo Co. Ltd. ( Air China Cargo ), of four Boeing 747- 400BCF freighters and two spare engines. We expect the joint venture to begin operations in summer 2010 and it will provide the two most important cargo- generating regions in the Mainland with two highly competitive and efficient home-based carriers Cathay Pacific in the Pearl River Delta and Air China Cargo in the Yangtze River Delta.
Cathay Pacific remains the subject of antitrust investigations and proceedings by competition authorities in various jurisdictions and continues to cooperate with these authorities and, where applicable, defend itself vigorously. These investigations are ongoing and the outcomes are subject to uncertainties. Cathay Pacific is not in a position to assess the full potential liabilities but has made a provision of HK$80 million in respect of such liabilities in its 2009 accounts.
We have always managed our finances in a conservative way, but our balance sheet was put under considerable pressure in 2009 by the reduction in revenue during the period. The effect of the reduction in revenue was offset by cost reductions.
The balance sheet also benefited from the sale for HK$1,901 million of part of our shareholding in Hong Kong Aircraft Engineering Company Limited ( HAECO ). The sale reduced our interest in HAECO from 27.45% to 15.00%.
While we welcomed the improvement in business in the latter part of 2009, we remain cautious about the prospects for 2010. Revenues and yields remain below levels experienced prior to the recent downturn and there has not yet been a sustained improvement in premium passenger demand which accounts for a high proportion of total revenues. There are concerns that the adverse changes which we have seen in the pattern of passenger and freight demand could be structural rather than cyclical. In addition, the cost of fuel, which rose steadily from the middle of 2009, remains stubbornly high and threatens to 
That said, we have many things working in our favour which will help to put us in a stronger position if the current recovery in the world economy is sustained.
We launched a number of projects and initiatives at the beginning of 2009 designed to improve further the way we do things, particularly for our customers. We have a united team that is the hallmark of Cathay Pacific. We have a superb international network and an unrivalled network into Mainland China through Dragonair. Our relationship with Air China will bring many benefits in the years to come and we operate out of one of the world s premier aviation hubs, Hong Kong. We are deeply committed to our home city and remain highly confident about the future of Cathay Pacific.

