CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
With the flourishing economy in the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong, reinforced by the Group s parallel efforts to expand core consumer businesses and realize the value of non-core assets, the Group reported another record year in 2007. The Group s consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2007 amounted to approximately HK$4,96i million, representing an increase of 78.7% over that of 2006, the highest since our listing. Earnings per share, on a weighted average basis, was HK$2.O9, also a new high, compared to HK$i.i9 in 2006.

The disposal of the entire interest in the Group s non-core petroleum distribution operation in Hong Kong was completed in June 2007 and generated a gain of HK$2,399 million. Excluding the turnover contribution of the discontinued operation in petroleum and related products distribution, the Group s consolidated turnover for the year ended 31 December 2007 amounted to approximately HK$5i,5i3 million, representing an increase of 27.7% from the previous year.

The strong performance of core consumer-related businesses had compensated for the loss in profit contribution from this divested operation. Excluding the after-tax effect of revaluation of investment properties and major disposals, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders would have increased by 11.2% for the year ended 31 December 2007 driven by the 50.6% growth of the core consumer-related businesses.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$o.3o per share for 2007 (2006 HK$o.26 per share) payable on or about 13 June 2008 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 26 May 2008. Together with the interim dividend of HK$o.i5 per share, the total distribution for 2007 will amount to HK$o.45 per share (2006 HKSo.o per share). This represents an increase of 13% over 2006, excluding the payment of special dividends. Special dividends of HK$o.6o per share and HK$i per share were paid in August 2007 and December 2006 respectively in respect of the sequential disposals of the Group s petroleum and related products distribution operations in Hong Kong and the Chinese Mainland.
losure of Register 
The Register of Members will be closed from 26 May 2008 to 29 May 2008, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Tricor Standard Limited of 26th Floor Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 23 May 2008.

To accomplish its objective of becoming the largest consumer company in China, the Group has been investing in the core consumer businesses to enhance market position, improve competitiveness and develop platform for future growth. For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Group incurred nearly HK$io billion on capital expenditure, 1.5 times more than that of 2006, with a majority on beverage and retail businesses. Major acquisitions during the year included the residual minority interest in the brewery operations in Sichuan Province and seven breweries in Liaoning Province, Anhui Province, Hunan Province, Guizhou Province as well as the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. In addition, there were investments in the greenfield breweries under construction and existing breweries under renovation for capacity upgrade. The capital expenditure on our supermarket operation last year was mainly for new store opening and purchase of store properties. A total of approximately 230 supermarket stores were opened during the year. Our food business also upgraded its marine fishing fleet and added a meat processing company in Hangzhou.

Concurrently, the Group has been divesting businesses or assets which are outside our core portfolio or which lack critical mass. Last year, the petroleum distribution operation in Hong Kong was divested in June for HK$4,ooo million and generated a gain of HK$2,399 million. This completed the disposal of the entire petroleum and related products distribution business.

The Group is also making satisfactory progress in the implementation of our retail-led distribution strategy. The Group s food, beverage and textile businesses have started to form part of the supply chain for our supermarket operation. In particular, the food business, which has a long history of supplying fresh meat, vegetables, rice and other food products to our supermarkets in Hong Kong, is currently one of their largest suppliers. SNOW our national brand for beer, is also sold extensively in our mainland supermarkets.

The Group has also been accelerating its investments in the Chinese Mainland. For the year under review, about 66.7% of turnover and 31.3% of profit before tax was from the mainland, compared with 59.3% and 41.4% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2006. The reduction in significance of pre-tax profit from the Chinese Mainland was mainly due to the distortion caused by the gain from the divestment of non-core petroleum distribution operation in Hong Kong.

Whilst the mainland consumer market is full of opportunities, the Group adheres to an overall principle of district dominance so that economies of scale can be achieved swiftly in the targeted district. A culture on cost efficiency in daily operation, looking for concurrent cost control and productivity enhancement, has also been promulgated internally. Effective means include centralized procurement, streamlining management functions as well as strengthening supplier relationship.
Differentiation via branding is crucial in the highly competitive mainland consumer market. Our brewery business is developing SNOW as a national brand complemented by other district and local brands. SNOW targets the younger generation, with marketing theme associated with great expedition . On the other hand, our supermarket operation promotes its leading presence in the Chinese Mainland and the image of a distinguished retailing chain via enhanced service and store format innovation. The Ng Fung brand of high quality food, including fresh meat and general food items, has been well established by our food business, commanding a price premium in the market.
Besides, the hypermarket of our supermarket operation has adopted a trade up strategy by improving its merchandise mix and layout as well as adding more fashionable and higher end products. Taking some attributes of a department store, complementary tenants in apparel, lifestyle and food are introduced. Our beverage business has been reforming its distribution channels to enhance distribution efficiency. Our food business is exploiting the mainland fresh meat market for growth with three projects in Shanghai, Shenzhen and Hangzhou. Our textile business focuses on the niche products, including MAKO yarns, denim casual wears and nylon textured yarns. A gradual increase is expected in the value-added yarn and fabric products following its technology upgrade program.

Consumer demand is increasingly complex pursuing not just price competitiveness but also quality and personal touch. We pursue an ongoing re-modeling exercise so as to improve core competence. After three years of refinement, the high-end lifestyle supermarket stores, Ole, is now more mature. This format has strong appeal to upscale shoppers. The Group has also piloted the convenience store Vango in Shenzhen and Hong Kong. In Hong Kong, Chinese Arts & Crafts -N has strengthened its private labels Artistic Palace )Y] in apparels and Home Art )Y in handicrafts. A specialty jewelry store targeting the younger generation has also been opened.

The mainland consumer market continues to develop rapidly although it is still fragmented. In 2007, retail sales in the Chinese Mainland increased by 16.8% to about RMB8,92i billion.
Last year, the growth of the mainland brewery market remained robust with total production volume increased by 13.8% to 39.3 million kiloliters. This is to be compared with 12.7% in 2006. In 2007, the Group s brewery operation enjoyed a market share of about 18% whereas the top three players accounted for approximately 41% of the market, compared with 39% in 2006 and 36% in 2005.
In 2007, the production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland increased by 15.9% and 15.1% over the previous year respectively. Our focus on technology upgrade and rationalizing products with the aim to produce more upmarket products remains unchanged. Quality high-end yarns are gradually replacing low-end yarns and fabrics in our product mix. During this adjustment process, our yarns production increased by 13.4% and fabrics production decreased by 13.1% over 2006.

As disposable incomes rise and living standards improve, the proportion of household earnings on good quality food will increase. However, pig farms in the Chinese Mainland were disrupted last year by a severe disease outbreak among hogs and higher feed prices. Coupled with growing affluence of the Chinese economy and the cyclical supply shortage, the mainland pork industry suffered from a contraction, leading to an estimated decrease of approximately 9% in consumption in 2007 and a sharp rise in retail pork prices.
The Hong Kong economy further strengthened last year. Retail sales increased by 12.8% alongside rising domestic consumer confidence and buoyant tourism. Supermarket sales and department store sales increased by 5.9% and 12.7% respectively in 2007 over the previous year. For fresh meat consumption, imported and locally produced live pigs and cattle amounted to about 1,767,000 heads and 41,000 heads respectively in 2007. This represents a decline of 11% for both when compared to 2006. The reduction in supply of livestock had stimulated the demand for frozen pork and beef which rose by 6% to a total of about 205,000 tonnes last year.

The Board recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for the continued success of the Group s business and in meeting the reasonable expectation of its shareholders and other stakeholders that the Group conducts all business activities with the highest standards of responsibility, integrity and compliance with all laws.
Transparency and information disclosure are two key elements of the Group s corporate governance framework as access to adequate, accurate and timely information enables the proper monitoring of the conduct of its business, thereby enhancing accountability. Since November 2002, the Group has been producing quarterly financial and operational review on a voluntary basis. It is the first conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange made it a recommended best practice for main board listed issuers.

The Board has a long-standing commitment to good corporate governance practices and its efforts in pursuing this undertaking has been consistently recognized in recent years. In 2007, the Group received the following accolades 
" it was named as one of the Best in Corporate Governance, China by The Asset 
" it was selected as one of the recipients of the Recognition Awards 2007 - Asia s Best Companies for Corporate Governance by Corporate Governance Asia 
" it was rated one of the companies with the best corporate governance and best investor relations in China by FinanceAsia and 
" it was named one of the outstanding enterprises among blue-chip companies in Hong Kong by the Economic Digest.
The Board believes that an effective corporate governance framework is essential to the Group s sustained performance and upholding it will continue to be a high priority at the Company.

The Board is responsible for the development and effective implementation of the Group s systems of internal control to ensure the accomplishment of corporate goals, smooth running of the operations, assets and stakeholders* interest are safeguarded as well as reliability of financial statements. The Group adopts the control frameworks outlined by both the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO )in the United States and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants as our standards in establishing control systems and the best practice among our group companies.
The Board conducts regular review of the Group s internal control system. For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Board has reviewed and is satisfied with the effectiveness of the Group s current internal control system in place. A detailed elaboration of the Group s internal control system is set out in full in the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.

We believe keeping the investment community fully informed of the Group s latest strategies and business developments encourages shareholders and potential investors to properly assess the Company s value and boosts investor confidence. To this end we seek to have an active, open and ongoing dialogue with investors and analysts and has implemented a tripartite communication system among investors, senior management and operational management.

We take a multifaceted approach to reach out to the investment community. During the year, we continued our practice to conduct an annual global roadshow and the focus was on the supermarket, beverage and food businesses. Senior management of the headquarters together with chief executives from the businesses met with institutional investors in Europe, the United States and Asia. In addition, we hosted the Corporate Day for analysts and fund managers. During the three-day tour, the Company led the participants to visit the supermarkets in Shaanxi Province and our brewery operations in Sichuan Province. In 2007, top management along with senior management of different business units met with over 1,300 analysts and fund managers in about 240 meetings including one-on-one meetings, site visits, luncheons as well as conferences arranged by financial institutions.

CRE s share price rose 49.9% to HK$33.5O in 2007, outperforming the Hang Seng Index by 7.6%. During the year, its daily closing share price hit a post-Asian financial crisis high of HK$35.6s on n October 2007.
The lowest closing price was HK$i9-76. CRE s market capitalization also grew 51.6% to HK$79,889 million in the year.
Dividend Payout Ratio 
The Group has long had a goal of gradually improving its basic cash dividend payout ratio and has continuously delivered upon this goal. We plan to pay basic cash dividends that balance the cash generated from the growth of the company s earnings with the cash needed to fuel future profit growth. In addition, special dividends would be considered for exceptional events, subject to the prevailing financial position, funding needs and market environment. In 2007, a special cash dividend of HK$o.6 per share was paid following the disposal of the Group s petroleum distribution operation in Hong Kong. Over the past five years, special dividends were also distributed in 2003 and 2006 during which the non-core assets in building materials and piped gas and chemical distribution operations in the Chinese Mainland were divested.
Total Shareholder Return 
With the gradual re-alignment of our business focus on the consumer sector robust operating performance and good corporate governance practices, CRE s shares achieved a total return for shareholders of 506.0% over the past five years, as measured by share price appreciation and reinvested dividend. This is considerably higher than that of the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index. For the year 2007, the total return for shareholders was 54.8%, compared to the average 43.2% of the Hang Seng Index and 59.6% of the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index.

In 2007, the Group once again achieved record results, underlining the tremendous progress of our transformation into a focused consumer play. With the exit from the petroleum business now completed, the Group will devote all resources to the core businesses for solid future growth.
Beginning with a modest presence, our supermarket operation has gradually built up a leading market share in the targeted districts of the Chinese Mainland, and profitability has increased accordingly. To push business performance, we emphasize same store growth, cost efficiency and supplier relationship and the results have been encouraging. Last year s same store growth of 9.5% was indeed the highest in recent years and margins improved further. To maintain this momentum, the major tasks for this year will be operational streamlining, execution of national supplier contracts and store format standardization.
Annual beer consumption per capita has doubled in the Chinese Mainland over the past ten years to about 30 liters in 2007 driven by the increase in household income, urbanization and marketing efforts of the major brewers. To capitalize on the market opportunities, we have been expanding in a disciplined manner via acquisitions, greenfield investments and capacity upgrade. With a 30.7% growth in sales volume last year driven by the 68.6% growth of our national brand, SNOW our position as the largest brewer and the owner of the single largest beer brand on the mainland in terms of sales volume has been further strengthened. While the brewing industry is facing rising input cost pressure, we have been enhancing our procurement and operational efficiency as well as passing on part of the impact to consumers. Our underlying progress in recent years will carry on.
As their incomes rise, Chinese consumers are demanding greater quality and safety in food. The meat processing projects in Shanghai and Shenzhen reported overall increase in slaughtering volume last year in spite of the surge in pork prices. Coupled with the initial contribution from the Hangzhou project, there was higher profit contribution from the mainland projects. Our food business has firmly established a business platform for future expansion in the major mainland cities. In Hong Kong, the opening of the market of live pig imports from the Chinese Mainland has increased competition. We will embrace the challenge by further enhancing our supply chain efficiency and developing Ng Fung brand as high quality fresh meat, commanding a strong premium brand image. Our network and reputation will put us in a favorable position to compete with others.
The Group s textile business reported strong recovery in 2007 in line with our re-positioning to concentrate on products with better competitiveness and margins. Textile trade restrictive measures are now gradually removed but lower end market remains very competitive. In view of this, we have established our niche in higher end yarn and nylon products to match strong overseas demand for high quality shirts and stockings. We are also targeting denim casual wears to lead our garment export. Measures will be considered to further enhance the value chain of fabric products.
The worsening economic environment in the United States, triggered by its housing market and subprime mortgages, has created ripple effects on global economies and credit markets. Whilst the situation may deteriorate further China is well positioned to mitigate the negative effects with sound economic fundamentals. Despite the central government s efforts to curb inflation and prevent the economy from overheating, maintaining a stable and relatively fast economic growth remains a priority. These factors present excellent opportunities for our consumer businesses to further grow and prosper.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere thanks and appreciation to Mr. Keung Chi Wang, Ralph, Mr. Qiao Shibo, Mr. Xie Shengxi and Mr. Zhu Dan for their valuable contributions to the Company during their years as directors and vice president of the Company. I am extremely pleased to welcome Mr. Du Wenmin and Mr. Li Fuzuo, who joined the Board as Non-Executive Directors in September 2007 and February 2008 respectively and to congratulate Mr. Chen Long and Ms. Guo Jinqing on their promotions to Vice Presidents.

The sterling results for the Group are only possible with the dedication and efforts of our people at all levels and I thank them sincerely for their considerable achievements in 2007. I also wish to express our utmost appreciation to our shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for the confidence and support they have shown us.

