Chairman s Letter The Cathay Pacific Group recorded a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$4,088 million for 2006, compared with a profit of HK$3,298 million the previous year. Turnover increased by 19.4% to a new record of HK$60,783 
Record passenger numbers and freight volumes contributed to the increase in turnover in 2006, which in turn helped us to a 24.0% increase in profit over the previous year. However continuing high fuel prices served to dampen the final result. Prices eased a little in the latter part of the year but our total fuel bill was HK$20,214 million up 29.7% on 2005. Fuel surcharges only partially offset the additional cost.
A continuing improvement in productivity coupled with a reduction in controllable costs helped the airline reduce its unit cost excluding fuel by 1.3%.
On the passenger side, the airline s revenue increased by 10.9% to a record HK$33,585 million as the number of passengers carried rose to 16.7 million for the year.
Demand from first and business class passengers was high throughout the year, helping yield to increase by 1.5% to HK47.0. Additional services on a number of routes contributed to a 7.7% rise in passenger capacity.
The airline set new records for its cargo operation, with the tonnage carried rising by 7.2% to 1,199,000 tonnes and revenue reaching a high of HK$11,980 million. Capacity rose by 5.2% with four new freighter destinations added during the year Beijing, Chennai, Stockholm and Toronto and extra flights to Dallas Atlanta and Shanghai being mounted. Demand remained high out of Hong Kong and Mainland China throughout the year but weakening demand in a number of key markets contributed to a 3.4% fall 
2006 was a landmark year for Cathay Pacific in many ways. The airline received another Airline of the Year 2006 award from leading industry journal Air Transport World in February, and then in August took delivery of its 100th aircraft, an Airbus A330-300. Throughout the year we ran a number of events and activities to celebrate our 60th anniversary as Hong Kong s airline.
However, the most significant development took place on 28th September when formal approval of a historic shareholding realignment was received and Dragonair joined the Cathay Pacific Group as a wholly owned subsidiary. The integration of the two carriers will bring significant benefits for passengers and the Hong Kong aviation hub. As part of the realignment, Cathay Pacific and Air China increased their cross-shareholdings and began work on further enhancing their partnership in a number of areas.
We continued to grow the three fleets in the Group in 2006, adding six aircraft at Cathay Pacific and four at Dragonair, while AHK took delivery of two more freighters. In June we confirmed an order for six new Boeing 747-400ERFs, Extended Range Freighters, for the Cathay Pacific fleet which, with their longer range and higher payload, will be key to our success on long haul trunk routes once deliveries commence in May 2008. We also took up two more options on the new Boeing 777-300ER, Extended Range passenger aircraft, taking the total order to 18. These aircraft will begin arriving in September 2007.
Our commitment to product and service excellence remains as high as ever and in September we unveiled Cathay Pacific s new long haul product that will be rolled out across all three classes of travel over the next two years. The new product will help us retain our leadership in comfort and service.
We expect competition to remain keen in 2007 and the high, volatile fuel price will continue to have a major impact on our business. Our focus in the coming year is to continue our efforts to deliver superior service and to grow our operations profitably and thus further strengthen Hong Kong s position as a global aviation hub. We will work to optimize the significant commercial opportunity provided by our purchase of Dragonair.

