Chairman s Statement The Group is undergoing a strategically planned transformation steadily reconfiguring our portfolio of business to focus on the core consumer businesses. The mainland domestic consumer market has revealed promising prospects, whilst in Hong Kong, the local economy has gradually regained its strength and vibrancy. We have crafted solid platforms for sustainable growth and the Group looks forward to enjoying greater success 
Against the strong economic growth in the Chinese Mainland and Hong Kong, reinforced by the Group s persistent efforts to enhance operating efficiency and restructure non-core assets, the Group reported record performance in 2005. Consolidated turnover for the year ended 31 December 2005 rose 13.8% over 2004 to another new high of HK$53,583.9 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$2,220.4 million, 50.0% higher than in the previous year and is the highest level since our listing. Earnings per share, on a weighted average basis, was HK$1.02 compared to HK$0.70 in 2004.
Excluding the gain in property revaluation and its related deferred tax effects, which are considered the major effects of the changes in accounting policies during the year, the Group s consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2005 was HK$1,817.0 million, 22.8% higher than that in the same period of 2004.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.25 per share for 2005 (2004: HK$0.16 per share) payable on or about 16 June 2006 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 29 May 2006. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.13 per share, the total distribution for 2005 will amount to HK$0.38 per share (2004: HK$0.27 per share). This represents a 41% increase over 
CLOSURE OF REGISTER The Register of Members will be closed from 29 May 2006 to 2 June 2006, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Standard Registrars Limited of 26th Floor, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 26 May 2006.

To achieve our objective of becoming the largest consumer company in China, the Group has been investing in the core consumer businesses to expand market presence, improve competitiveness and establish platform for future growth. For the year ended 31 December 2005, the Group incurred more than HK$3,400 million on capital expenditure with a majority on retail and beverage businesses. A total of over 170 supermarket stores were opened during the period. Major acquisitions during the year included two supermarket chains in Zhejiang Province and Tianjin as well as a brewery in Anhui Province.
At the same time, the Group has been disposing of businesses or assets which are outside our core portfolio or which lacked critical mass. Major non-core assets disposed of in 2005 included the residual 10.5% stake in Qingdao oil storage joint venture, CRE Building, a 25.09% stake in Xuzhou VV Food & Beverage, a 51% stake in Dongguan China Resources Petroleum & Chemicals as well as 17 petrol stations in Guangdong Province. These disposals have generated cashflow of more than HK$1,400 million and unlocked their latent value. In addition, the Group has appointed a financial advisor to advise on the feasibility of restructuring our petroleum and related products distribution business, one of the remaining non-core businesses. Various proposals, including but not limited to an introduction of a strategic investor for part of the business, are currently 
The Group is also making satisfactory progress in the implementation of our retail-led distribution strategy, though it is still at an early stage. The Group s food, beverage and textile operations have started to form part of the supply chain for our supermarket business. In particular, the food operation, which has a long history of supplying fresh meat, vegetables, rice and other food products to our supermarkets in Hong Kong, is currently their single largest supplier. We have also stepped up our efforts to introduce SNOW, our national brand for beer, via our mainland supermarkets. Our property division, which is very experienced in operating the Group s retail properties in Hong Kong, will develop shopping malls in the Chinese Mainland, part of which will be for our own supermarket use.
The Group has also been accelerating its investments in the Chinese Mainland. For the year under review, about 55.7% of turnover and 40.6% of profit before tax was from the mainland, compared with 51.1% and 47.8% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2004. The reduction in significance of pre-tax profit from the Chinese Mainland was partly due to the distortion caused by the revaluation gain of the investment properties in Hong Kong.

The Group continues to put heavy emphasis on branding. With SNOW s favorable brand positioning and effective marketing programs, the brand reported a spectacular growth in 2005. SNOW is now being marketed as the brand representing life s progression and this will further differentiate the brand from other local brands. Our supermarket operation has started to integrate the brands of China Resources Vanguard and Suguo so that the new hypermarkets opened by Suguo are all named China Resources Suguo .
There were nine hypermarkets operated under this new name at the end of 2005. A new supermarket format called Ol has also been developed by China Resources Vanguard, which is a higher-end lifestyle concept specialty store targeting the upscale consumers. Our food business has also launched more general food products under its own brand, Ng Fung . They can be broadly classified into eight categories of rice, rice noodles, fruits, wine, eggs, frozen food, canned food and preserved meat.
The mainland consumer market is highly fragmented with low efficiency. The Group has been consolidating the market through acquisitions, notably in the supermarket and beverage operations. District dominance is our priority in expansion so that economies of scale can be achieved instantly in the area. Attracted by China s WTO accession and the robust private consumption growth, global players are increasingly active in acquisitions and valuation has been rising sharply. The Group has exercised strong cost discipline in pursuing acquisitions and their benefits against the alternative option of greenfield investment are always thoroughly reviewed. The Group will continue to balance profitability gain and market share.
Other business strategies have also been implemented at different levels. Our supermarket operation has adopted a trade up strategy and has been improving its merchandise mix and procurement. More fashionable apparel products are introduced and the proportion of self-operated counters is rising, especially in the fresh food and soft line sections. Our beverage operation has been reforming its distribution channels to exercise better control over distributors and enhance supply chain efficiency. Our food distribution business has entered the mainland fresh meat market for growth with two projects in Shanghai and Shenzhen already in operation. The technology upgrade program of our textile business is progressing as scheduled and this will increase the proportion of high end products, boosting the overall margins. Our petroleum and related products distribution business, though falling outside the core business model, is also looking for growth opportunities in the piped gas market.

The mainland consumer market is competitive yet fast growing. In 2005, retail sales in the Chinese Mainland grew 12.9% to about RMB6,700 billion and market consolidation had accelerated. The top 30 retailers constituted approximately 7.3% of the total retail sales, compared with 7.1% in 2004. Among the total sales of RMB491 billion generated by the top 30 retailers, supermarket operators represented around 45%, reflecting the continued rapid development of this modern format of shopping. Based on the 2005 Ranking of 30 Largest PRC Retail Chain Enterprises (NNthQ WMR NAS[FUmi# Omi) compiled by the Ministry of Commerce, the Group s supermarket operation ranked second among the local supermarket operators in turnover.
Total production volume of the mainland brewery market increased by an estimated 10.4% last year to 30.6 million kiloliters. In 2005, the top three players accounted for approximately 36% of the market, compared with about 19% in 2000. The Group s brewery operation enjoyed a market share of about 13% last year.
In 2005, the production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland both increased by 29% over the previous year. Our yarns and fabrics production decreased by 2.5% and increased by 16.8% respectively over the same period but sales volume increased by 28.7% and 13.1% respectively. Technology upgrade and product mix adjustment to focus on upmarket products have caused the output disruption. It is our intention to move up market in order to satisfy what the market needs. We replaced volume based low end machinery with high end ones focusing on quality. This led to a slower volume growth than the overall market.
There has been a stable growth in the mainland pork industry, with an average annual increase of approximately 6% in consumption. Pork consumption per capita in China is still low on international scale. Improving living standards and rising household income in China will boost pork consumption and narrow the gap with more developed 
The Hong Kong economy improved continuously last year following a recovery towards the end of 2003. Retail sales increased by 6.8% with continued consumer confidence and buoyant tourism. Supermarket sales and department store sales increased by 5.8% and 8.2% respectively in 2005 over the previous year. For livestock consumption, imported and locally produced live pigs and cattle amounted to about 2,049,000 heads and 48,600 heads respectively in 2005. This represents a decline of 9% and an increase of 2% respectively when compared to 2004. The decline in pork consumption was due to the outbreak of streptococcus suis infection.

The Group is fully aware that the maintenance of an effective corporate governance framework is essential to laying a sound foundation for its long-term steady growth and development. In this respect, the Group considers that good governance practices should embody transparency of corporate structures and operations, accountability of the management to shareholders and corporate responsibility towards employees and 
Disclosure and transparency is a key aspect of an effective corporate governance framework. Since November 2002, the Group has been producing quarterly financial and operational review on a voluntary basis. We are the first conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange Index has made it a recommended best practice for main board listed issuers.
To further enhance the independence in the scrutiny of the management performance against agreed goals and objectives, the Group appointed Mr. Cheng Mo Chi as Independent Non-Executive Director in November 2005. After the appointment, the Group has four Independent Non-Executive Directors, exceeding the mandatory requirement under the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
The Group has been consistently striving to improve its corporate governance standards, and its efforts in realizing quality corporate governance continued to earn the respect of the investment community. During the year under review, the Group received the following accolades in recognition of its continuing efforts to implement good corporate 
" it was named the 2005 Best Managed Company in China Large Cap by 
" it was ranked first both among companies in China and Hong Kong as well as in the conglomerate sector in a corporate governance survey published by Euromoney; " it was rated one of the companies with best corporate governance in China and also one of the best managed companies in China by FinanceAsia; " it was named one of the outstanding enterprises among the blue-chip companies in Hong Kong by the Economic Digest; and " the director responsible for investor relations was rated the Best IR Representative in China by FinanceAsia and the Best IR Professional among conglomerates in Asia by the sell-side in a poll conducted by Institutional Investor.
The Group takes corporate governance issues very seriously. In future, we will continue to review its corporate governance practices from time to time to sustain its commitment to all stakeholders via efficient and transparent operations.

With a dedication for pursuit of high standards of corporate governance, the Group has put in place a tripartite communication system among investors, senior management and operational management. Understanding the unique features and specific needs of a conglomerate enterprise with different businesses, we appreciate the fact that we cannot just stop at merely to improve investor relations, but also to promote internal communication so as to relay the views of the investment community to the senior management and various business units effectively. Our ultimate goal is to create a steady, long term growth in shareholders value.
The Group maintains an open dialogue with the investment community. The annual global roadshow in April 2005 provided an excellent opportunity for senior management of the Group to meet with worldwide investors from Europe, the United States, Japan and Singapore. The emphasis was on our beverage division and investors acquired in-depth and latest information of the Group s brewery business. During 2005, top management along with senior management of different business units met with about 680 analysts and fund managers in over 240 meetings including one-on-one meetings, site visits, luncheons as well as conferences arranged by financial institutions.

CRE s share price rose 14.0% to HK$13.85 in 2005, outperforming the Hang Seng Index by 9.0%. During the year, its daily closing share price hit a six-year high of HK$14.30 on 22 December 2005. The lowest closing price was HK$10.50. CRE s market capitalization also grew 19.9% to HK$30,933 million in the year.
Dividend Payout Ratio The Group has long had a goal of gradually improving its basic cash dividend payout ratio and has continuously delivered upon this goal. We plan to pay basic cash dividends that balance the cash generated from the growth of the company s earnings with the cash needed to fuel future profit growth. In addition, special dividends were distributed in 2002 and 2003 during which the Group s non-core assets in banking and building materials were disposed of and restructured.
Total Shareholder Return With the gradual re-alignment of our business focus on the consumer sector, robust operating performance and rising corporate governance standard, CRE s shares achieved a total return for shareholders of 69.8% over the past five years, as measured by share price appreciation and reinvested dividend. This is considerably higher than that of the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index. For the year 2005, the total return for shareholders was 16.9%, compared to the average 8.4% of the Hang Seng Index.

It is the overall responsibility of the Board to establish and maintain a sound and effective internal control system to ensure the smooth running of the operations, safeguard the Group s assets and shareholders interest as well as ensure the reliability of financial statements. Our internal control system includes five key elements, the existence of an effective control environment, risk management, communication and information system, cost effective control process, adequate organization structure, and proper 
On the current internal control framework of our Group, internal audit plays a key role in monitoring the effectiveness of our internal control system. The Group s internal audit department adopts a risk-based approach in planning its internal audit activities.
It aims to ensure proper internal controls are in place, both at the entity level as well as the transaction level. It also examines the operation s efficiency and compliance with the prescribed policies, procedures and local laws to make sure good business practices are applied consistently for all business units within the Group. The Head of Internal Audit reports directly to both the Managing Director and the Audit Committee, and is free to consult directly the Audit Committee on any issues that arise as a result of the internal audit activities.
The Board conducts regular reviews of the Group s internal control system through monitoring the activities of the Group s internal audit department and the Audit Committee. The Audit Committee meets with the senior management, internal and external auditors on a regular basis and makes recommendations wherever appropriate to the Board for control enhancement.
Based on the assessment for the year ended 31 December 2005, the Board has reviewed and is satisfied with the effectiveness of Group s current internal control system in 
The Group sternly believes that compliance to its corporate social responsibility is most imperative to the growth of the company as a whole. We consider ourselves accountable for making contribution to our society, whilst at the same time operational excellence must be attained at all our business units in securing interests of our shareholders.
The Group works towards the bonding of a strong community through improving the quality of life for the people at large. We have participated keenly in various social responsibility projects in the past year. To cite a few examples, our supermarket operation in Hong Kong worked closely with the Community Chest, the Agency for Volunteer Service and other charitable funds, launching a number of territory-wide fund raising campaigns, and provided financial assistance to the underprivileged groups in our society.
Staff from our supermarket operation in eastern China formed a team of volunteer workers offering aids to community groups in the neighbourhood. Ever since its formation in early 2005, the team has made visits to elderly homes, orphanages and hospitals. Our beverage operation has also launched a yearlong project called The Great Expedition with SNOW YdURR)YmZ , at which we worked in partnership with the US Discovery Channel to produce a documentary on the adventure in admiring the marvelous nature of Yarlung Zangbo Daxiagu Yo'Y7Z, a canyon located in the south-eastern part of the Tibet Autonomous Region. At the same time, generous donations were made in financing the running of primary schools in these remote mountain areas, giving school children there a chance to receive proper education. Our food operation offered material sponsorship to Oxfam s annual Trailwalker event and Chinese Arts & Crafts under our Hong Kong retail operation put up an exquisite art item to auction for a charitable cause.
All business units of the Group adhere strictly to the principle of protecting our environment and preserving our nature. The Group s obligations towards our society are the best illustration of our values and beliefs, that we are a corporation bringing a better life for all.

Over the last several years, the Group has executed a strategically planned transformation steadily reconfiguring our portfolio of business to focus on the core consumer businesses. Further progress was made in 2005. We stretched our market presence in the core businesses including retail, food, beverage and textile, as reflected by their steady revenue growth. Brand value has been built, notably in our beer products and retail chains, as penetration deepens. In addition, the disposal of non-core assets has accelerated. Coupled with our disciplined cost management and improved efficiency, the Group reported record earnings last year. To a large extent, the results also indicate the initial success of our transformation to focus on consumer-related businesses.
Following the lifting of the restrictions on foreign investment in retailing in the end of 2004, competition in supermarket business in the Chinese Mainland has heated up as foreign operators fastened their store opening pace and acquisitions. Nevertheless, there were considerable improvements in our supermarket operation last year driven by same store growth and measures to control costs. Ongoing store format remodeling will continue to further distinguish us from competitors and gradually build up our core competence. Concurrently, we will push ahead the integration with acquired companies such as Suguo and Cikelong so as to promote the synergies derived from centralized management and enhanced bargaining power over suppliers. Other retail operations have performed satisfactorily following the decisions to concentrate resources on comparatively more profitable fashion brands and realign the department store business in Hong Kong. The Group will continue to take a prudent approach in capital 
The profitability growth of our beverage operation in 2005 was its fastest in recent years. This reflected not only the growth in mainland beer consumption but also our strength in market consolidation and brand marketing. The development of our national brand, SNOW, is particularly encouraging with a sales volume increase of 47% last year and it has probably become the largest single beer brand in China in terms of sales volume. Over the past ten years, our beverage operation has been rapidly building up geographical coverage and market share. We are now targeting profitability as driver for future growth through improvement in operational efficiency. We will continue to strengthen our presence in the existing districts to attain regional dominance. Our expansion into new catchments, such as the southern region, will be a scalable yet 
The Group s livestock distribution business will benefit from the economic growth and a consumption shift from poultry to red meats because of health concern against fear of an avian flu pandemic. Over the long term, food safety will be further promulgated and this is expected to improve the prospects of our meat processing projects in the mainland. In addition, general food distribution under the Ng Fung brand has been growing fast in Hong Kong and is becoming a new driver for our food processing and 
China s textile industry has grown rapidly in the post-quota era. Apart from overseas demand, continued increase in disposable income has also stimulated domestic consumption of textile and apparel products. Our textile operation is producing higher end yarns and fabrics through technology upgrade and is targeting denim casual wears to lead garment export. Our petroleum and related products distribution business has benefited from the rising oil prices. Although oil prices would remain volatile, the operation s earnings base has been strengthened through investment in mainland piped-gas projects which provide steady and growing income.
In the upcoming five-year economic program, the 11th Five-Year Plan, the central government emphasized on the improvement of living standards and the pursuit of a more balanced growth model in favor of domestic consumption. In tandem with its robust economic growth and the recent revaluation of the Renminbi, the mainland domestic consumer market has promising prospects. In Hong Kong, the economy has gradually regained its strength and vibrancy. There has been continuous improvement in unemployment rate and gradual increase in wages. Although the effect of higher oil prices and successive interest hikes on the economies has not yet been fully reflected, our strategy is in place. We have crafted platforms for sustainable growth through our transformation into a consumer company. We will further strengthen our talent and leadership. With our commitment to shareholders value and corporate governance, the Group looks forward to enjoying greater success with you.

Since 2005, the Company has seen some changes to its Board composition and senior management team. Mr. Zhong Yi retired from the Board in June 2005 and Mr. Cheng Mo Chi was appointed Independent Non-Executive Director in November 2005. In March 2006, Mr. Qiao Shibo and Mr. Yan Biao were re-designated as Non-Executive Directors to take on new assignments and responsibilities with China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited, Mr. Wang Shuaiting was appointed Non-Executive Director, while Mr. Wang Qun, Mr. Lau Pak Shing and Mr. Kwong Man Him were promoted to be Deputy Managing Directors and Mr. Lau Kin Shing, Charles and Mr. Zhu Dan were promoted to be Vice Presidents.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our sincere thanks for the contributions of Mr. Qiao Shibo, Mr. Yan Biao and Mr. Zhong Yi as Executive Directors, to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Cheng Mo Chi and Mr. Wang Shuaiting, and to congratulate Mr. Wang Qun, Mr. Lau Pak Shing, Mr. Kwong Man Him, Mr. Lau Kin Shing, Charles and Mr. Zhu Dan on their promotions. I would also like to take the opportunity to express my earnest gratitude to a team of devoted staff for their outstanding performance and to our shareholders for their strong support.

Hong Kong, 6 April 2006 
