Chairman s Letter In 2003 Cathay Pacific s operations were severely disrupted by the SARS outbreak, which resulted in a steep decline in passenger demand and several months of heavy losses. However, demand for both business and leisure travel picked up quickly in the third quarter and, with the help of continuing strong performance from our cargo business, we were able to return to profitability and recover much of the ground lost.
For the full year the Group recorded an attributable profit of HK$1,303 million, compared to a profit of HK$3,983 million in 2002. Turnover at HK$29,578 million was down 10.6% compared to the previous year.
The recovery of the second half came quicker than initially expected and was attributable to both pent-up demand and special offers created to stimulate passenger traffic. All suspended services were restored by late September and, furthermore, we mounted additional flights to London (now three times daily), Auckland, Johannesburg, Melbourne and Rome.
Overall, passenger revenue fell 16.6% from 2002 and passenger yield fell 4.6% to HK43.3 cents.
On 2nd December we opened another important chapter in the airline s history by resuming services to Beijing. The airline has also been granted licences by Hong Kong s Air Transport Licensing Authority to operate services to Shanghai and Xiamen and we intend to mount services to these cities once the necessary approvals have been obtained from the 
Demand for cargo services remained strong throughout the year, in particular to key markets in Europe, Japan and the United States. In October we carried a new monthly record of 87,275 tonnes of freight. Osaka and Singapore were added to the freighter network together with additional frequencies to Brussels, Manchester, Milan and cities in the United States. The Group s 2003 cargo revenue increased 5.6% over the previous year. However, cargo yield fell 1.1% to HK$1.78.
Our other aviation related service businesses were also affected to varying degrees by the SARS crisis, but similarly benefited from the subsequent pickup 
During the year, we increased the fleet by six new aircraft (one Airbus 340-600, three Airbus 330-300s and two Boeing 777-300s), bringing total fleet size to 85 aircraft at year end. We are currently studying options for the further expansion of our fleet to meet anticipated growth in demand.
Cooperation within the oneworld alliance, now five years old, was extended with the acceptance of Swiss International Air Lines as the ninth alliance member. Our codeshare agreement with American Airlines was also expanded, adding four more destinations in the United States.
As Hong Kong s leading airline, we were pleased to be able to play a key role in various SARS recovery initiatives, including the very successful We Love Hong Kong campaign, to rebuild public confidence and boost tourism into Hong Kong. Our thanks go to our partners in Hong Kong s travel industry.
We will continue to invest in our fleet, our product and our people in order to grow our business and enhance Hong Kong s position as a premier global aviation hub.
We shall maintain our own role as a pioneer of aviation management innovation via further roll-out of our inflight email product and the launch of a freight internet service portal.
I would like to express sincere thanks to our staff for their hard work which has seen the airline come through an extremely, indeed uniquely, testing year in remarkably good shape and well positioned to benefit from the growth opportunities of the coming years.

