CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
The Group completed the disposal of its entire equity interest in the non- core petroleum and related products distribution business at the end of June 2007. There was no contribution from this discontinued operation during 2008 thus the analysis below represents only the continuing operations of the Group.
Consolidated turnover contributed by the continuing operations for the year ended 31 December 2008 amounted to approximately HK$64,628 million, representing an increase of 25.5% over that of 2007. Profit attributable to the Company s shareholders contributed by the continuing operations was approximately HK$2,322 million, 2.4% lower than that of the previous year.
Basic earnings per share from the continuing operations were HK$0.97 compared to HK$1.00 in 2007.
Excluding the after-tax effect of revaluation of investment properties and major disposal of non-core assets and investments, which led to aggregate gains of HK$529 million in 2008 and HK$511 million in 2007, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders contributed by the continuing operations would have decreased by 4.0% for the year ended 31 December 2008.

The Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.25 per share for 2008 (2007: HK$0.30 per share) payable on or about 12 June 2009 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 25 May 2009. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.15 per share, the total distribution for 2008 will amount to HK$0.40 per share (2007: HK$0.45 per share). This represents a decrease of 11% over 2007.
CLOSuRe OF RegiSTeR The Register of Members will be closed from 25 May 2009 to 29 May 2009, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Tricor Standard Limited of 26th Floor, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 22 May 2009.

To accomplish our objective of becoming the largest consumer company in China, the Group has been investing in the core consumer businesses to enhance market position, improve competitiveness and develop platform for future growth. For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Group incurred approximately HK$7 billion on capital expenditure with a majority on beverage and retail businesses. This was lower than the HK$10 billion in 2007 when the non-core petroleum business was divested and part of its proceeds reinvested. For beverage business, there were significant investments in the greenfield projects under construction and the existing plants for capacity upgrade. The greenfield projects completed during the year included four breweries in Gansu Province, Hebei Province, Jiangsu Province and Heilongjiang Province as well as a purified water plant in Jiangmen, Guangdong Province. The capital expenditure on our supermarket operation last year was mainly for new store opening. More than 260 supermarket stores were opened during the year. Our food business also formed a pig farming joint venture in Henan Province and a meat processing joint venture in Shandong Province.
At the same time, the Group will continue to divest businesses or assets which are outside our core portfolio or which lack critical mass.
Nevertheless, the dramatic deterioration in the economic environment and tightening of bank credit have affected the progress on this front.
The Group is making satisfactory progress in the implementation of our retail-led distribution strategy. The Group s food, beverage and textile businesses have formed part of the supply chain for our supermarket operation. In particular, the food business, which has a long history of supplying fresh meat, fruits, rice and other food products to our supermarkets in Hong Kong, is currently one of their largest suppliers.
SNOW , our national brand for beer, is also sold extensively in our 
The Group has also been accelerating its investments in the Chinese Mainland, where our growth opportunities lie. For the year under review, about 85.4% of turnover and 64.8% of profit before tax were from the mainland, compared with 66.7% and 31.3% respectively in the year ended 31 December 2007.

Efficiency of a consumer business hinges on its scale. As there are striking demographic and economic differences among provinces of China, district scale is more meaningful than national scale. Accordingly, the Group adheres to an overall principle of district concentration so that economies of scale can be achieved swiftly in the target district. To further enhance profitability, a culture of maximizing cost efficiency in daily operation, looking for concurrent cost control and productivity enhancement, has been promulgated internally. Effective means include centralizing procurement, streamlining management functions as well as strengthening 
Differentiation via branding is crucial in the highly competitive mainland consumer market. Our beer operation is developing SNOW as a national brand complemented by other district and local brands. SNOW targets the younger generation, with marketing theme associated with great expedition . On the other hand, our supermarket operation promotes its leading presence in the Chinese Mainland and the image of a distinguished retailing chain via service enhancement and store format innovation. The Ng Fung brand of high quality food, including fresh meat and general food items, has been well established by our food business. Similarly, Chinese Arts & Crafts -N has further raised the premium quality image of its private labels Artistic Palace )Y] in apparels and Home Art )Y in handicrafts.
Consumer demand is increasingly complex and constantly changing. The Group has been closely reviewing and responding to customer preferences.
After the successful launch of Ol stores in Shenzhen and Beijing, a similar cosmopolitan lifestyle food mart, VOle , was introduced to Hong Kong last year, stressing personal touch in contemporary fast-paced living. Opening of the convenience store, Vango, in Shenzhen and Hong Kong has also been accelerated. The Group has also piloted the specialty supermarket store format, Fresh Market , which offers convenience to households with preference for fresh and high quality food. Food safety has become a priority concern for food retailers and manufacturers after the melamine milk scandal. The Group has overall strengthened its food safety assurance system. For our beer operation, a new logo of SNOW has been rolled out, highlighting the Chinese culture of the brand.

In 2008, retail sales in the Chinese Mainland increased by 21.6% to about RMB10,849 billion. Although the overall growth in retail sales remained strong, it showed signs of slowing down from October onwards.
Owing to extremely cold weather at the beginning of the year, the Sichuan earthquake, selling price increases and a buoyant 2007 for comparison, the total beer production volume in the Chinese Mainland increased by 5.5% to 41.0 million kiloliters in 2008 against 12.6% in 2007. In 2008, the Group s beer operation maintained a market share of about 18%.
Save the temporary impact caused by the snowstorms in the beginning of the year, there were no major supply disruptions to the pig farms in the Chinese Mainland in 2008 in comparison with the previous year. The mainland pork industry recorded growth again with estimated consumption growth of 5%. The average price of live pigs in the Chinese Mainland began to move downwards in the second quarter of 2008.
In 2008, the production of cotton yarns and fabrics in the Chinese Mainland increased by 7.7% and 6.0% over the previous year respectively. High-end yarns continue to outpace low-end yarns and fabrics in our product mix after technology upgrade. During the year, our total yarns and fabrics production decreased by 2.6% and 4.9% over 2007 respectively. However, high-end yarns production increased by 16%.
The Hong Kong economy slowed down more quickly than the Chinese Mainland, with a contraction in the final quarter of 2008. Overall, retail sales increased by 10.5% last year, of which supermarket sales and department store sales increased by 11.1% and 8.6% respectively. For fresh meat consumption, imported and locally produced live pigs and cattle are estimated to total about 1,544,000 heads and 29,000 heads respectively in 2008. This represents a decline of 13% and 30% respectively in comparison with 2007. Instead, the demand for pork and beef in both chilled and frozen forms rose by 12% to an estimated aggregate of about 249,000 tonnes last year.

The Board believes that implementation of sound corporate governance practices is essential to building and maintaining the confidence of investors and other stakeholders in the Group, which is critical to 
The Group s corporate governance framework is based on sound economic and ethical principles, and a key feature thereof is our emphasis on transparency and information disclosure. This is best illustrated by the Group s initiative to produce quarterly financial and operational review since November 2002. The Company is the first conglomerate company among the constituent stocks in the Hang Seng Index to initiate such a move, well before the Hong Kong Stock Exchange made it a recommended best practice for main board listed issuers.
The Group has a proven track record of practicing good corporate governance as evidenced by the commendations and awards it has earned in recent years. In 2008, the Company received the following accolades: " it was selected as one of the recipients of the Recognition Awards 2008 Asia s Best Companies for Corporate Governance by Corporate 
" it was rated one of the companies with the best corporate governance and best investor relations in China by FinanceAsia ; " it was named one of the outstanding enterprises among blue-chip companies in Hong Kong by Economic Digest ; and " it was named as the winners of the best investor relations website as well as the best annual report and other corporate literature by a small or mid-cap company in the Hong Kong and Taiwan Awards 2008 by 
Regardless of the macro environment, maintaining the quality of corporate governance will remain a key priority for us.

The Board assumes overall responsibility to establish and maintain sound systems in risk management, internal control and governance to ensure the effective and efficient accomplishment of corporate goals and objectives, safeguard the Group s assets and shareholders interest as well as ensure the reliability of financial and corporate reporting. The Group adopts the control frameworks outlined by both the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ( COSO ) in the United States and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants as our standards in establishing risk management and control systems among our group companies. Our internal control system consists of five key elements, namely the existence of an effective control environment, risk management, communication and information system, cost effective control process and proper monitoring mechanism.
The Board conducts regular reviews of the Group s internal control system through periodic monitoring of the internal audit department s activities.
The Audit Committee oversees the reliability of financial reporting, its related internal controls and risk management systems, and the works of auditors, both internal and external. For the year ended 31 December 2008, the Board had reviewed and was satisfied with the effectiveness of the Group s internal control and risk management systems currently in place.

Our investor relations practices aim to keep the investment community updated about the Group s position, operations and development so that it can have the necessary information to make well-informed investment decisions. To achieve this, we seek to achieve an effective two-way flow of accurate, timely and helpful information between the Company and the investment community with the implementation of a tripartite communication system that actively engages investors, senior management and operational management.
We connect with the investment community through different channels. As in previous years, we conducted an annual global roadshow during the year through which senior management of the headquarters together with the operational management met with institutional investors in Europe, the United States and Asia, and the focus was on the supermarket, beverage and food businesses. We also continued to host the Corporate Day for analysts and fund managers. During the two and a half days, we introduced the participants to our brewery and food operations in Liaoning Province and Zhejiang Province respectively as well as our supermarket logistics center in Shenzhen. To further enhance the transparency of our businesses, we organized a day trip for journalists for the first time last year to visit our brewery plant in Dongguan and our supermarket operation in Shenzhen, and a total of 16 journalists participated in the event with favorable response. In addition, the Group regularly attends meetings with the investment community including one-on-one meetings, site visits, luncheons and conferences arranged by financial institutions, and in 2008 top management along with senior management of different business units met with over 800 analysts and fund managers in around 
Global stock markets had a major setback in 2008. Compounded by the general de-rating of the mainland-related stocks, the Company s share price declined by 59.6% to HK$13.52 last year, compared to the 48.3% fall of the Hang Seng Index. During the year, its daily closing share price hit the highest level of HK$34.25 on 9 January 2008. The lowest closing price was HK$10.04 on 27 October 2008. In line with the decrease in the share price, the Company s market capitalization also dropped by 59.6% to HK$32,298 million in the year.
dividend payout Ratio The Group has long had a goal of gradually improving its basic cash dividend payout ratio and had continuously delivered upon this goal in the past. However, in light of the current uncertainties clouding the global economy, we lowered our annual basic payout ratio from 41.9% to 41.2% as a prudent step to preserve cash. We plan to pay basic cash dividends that balance the cash generated from the growth of the company s earnings with the cash needed to fuel future profit growth. In addition, special dividends would be considered for exceptional events, subject to the prevailing financial position, funding needs and market environment.
Over the past five years, special dividends were distributed in 2006 and 2007 following the sequential disposals of the Group s petroleum and related products distribution businesses in the Chinese Mainland and 
Total Shareholder Return With the gradual re-alignment of our business focus on the consumer sector, robust operating performance and good corporate governance practices, the Company s shares achieved a total return for shareholders of 82.3% over the past five years, as measured by share price appreciation and reinvested dividend. This was noticeably higher than that of the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index. However, the Company posted a negative total return for shareholders of 58.8% for the year 2008, reflecting the downward movement of its share price during the year, while the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Commerce & Industry Index had average negative returns of 46.4% and 50.9% respectively.

In a year that was marked by various challenges, the Group achieved solid results in 2008. However, the possibility of deflation and prolonged economic slowdown globally still exists. The escalating economic issues around the world have dampened local consumer confidence.
Consumer spending habits will likely see significant change in economic downturn. Price sensitivity will increase and overall spending will be scaled back, especially on non-essential purchases. Our supermarket operation has been adjusting its strategy to meet the new trend working with suppliers to aim for price leadership in the major districts, developing more product lines targeting the mass market which looks for affordable choices and devoting to store format innovation. Through centralized procurement and sound inventory management, costs are kept low. Looking forward, household income growth and urbanization will continue to underpin modern chain store sales in the Chinese Mainland. We are committed to offering the best value to customers, store format innovation and product mix enrichment so as to differentiate ourselves from the competition and maximize customer satisfaction.
Overall sales volume growth of our beer operation slowed down last year, in parallel with the general market trend. However, our presence in Gansu Province, Hebei Province, Jiangsu Province and Heilongjiang Province has strengthened following completion of the greenfield breweries in these locations. In order to capitalize on the current difficult economic conditions, we will seek and evaluate investment opportunities to implement our consolidation strategy, while emphasizing productivity per employee.
The steady increase in our beer price in recent years coupled with our growing exposure to the higher end segments will boost return in the long run. Concurrently, our efforts in branding and distribution network are continued. As part of the national branding campaign, SNOW has rolled out a new logo, highlighting the Chinese culture of the brand.
The mainland packaged water market is believed to be relatively more resilient to the economic difficulties with rising demand over time.
Leveraging on our leading position in Guangdong Province, the Group s purified water operation has launched a new marketing program to raise its C estbon ![ brand awareness nationally. We have further strengthened our distribution network and management system. As the market is still highly fragmented, we are pursuing prudent expansion both within and outside our Guangdong home base. Possibility of introducing new products is also being carefully studied.
The Group s food business has a development strategy focusing on meat, assorted foodstuff and seafood distribution. It has established firm platforms for meat processing in the major cities including Shenzhen, Shanghai and Hangzhou. With the rising demand for safe meat products and supportive government policies, there is huge potential in the mainland market. In Hong Kong, since the opening of the live pig imports from the Chinese Mainland about two years ago, competition for market share has been intense, resulting in lower profitability. We have reacted to the altered market structure by tightening cost control, further developing Ng Fung premium brand image and tying up the upstream segment. As oil price has considerably fallen from its high last year, the marine fishing operation will benefit from lower fuel costs this year.
With shrinking overseas demand for textile products, competition in the mainland textile market is severe and operating losses are common, especially in the lower end market. While the market conditions may get tougher in the short term, the Group s textile business has implemented further cost control measures, which include intermittent production suspension, reduced cotton inventory and tightened staff costs. Our established niche in high-end yarn and nylon products as well as denim casual wears will continue to underpin our future.
On the macro picture, deepening global financial crisis has had a negative impact on the mainland market with falling exports and slowing industrial output. However, decisive measures have been taken by the central government to ensure the economy can continue to grow steadily. A RMB4 trillion stimulus package was announced in November last year and subsequently some industry-specific bailout packages were disclosed. It has also started to loosen monetary policy by easing access to bank credit and lowering interest rates. Hong Kong enjoyed sound economic growth at the beginning of 2008. As the global financial problems unfolded, given its role as a regional financial hub, there has been a broad-based economic slowdown with rising unemployment rate. The negative wealth effect of lower property and stock prices will impact household consumption and tightened bank credit will add pressure to the commercial sector. It is expected that there will be a contraction in the economy this year.
Despite the current economic downturn, the Group looks beyond today s tough environment. There are also opportunities in a slowing economy, including declining raw material prices, falling property costs, reduced acquisition prices and gradual exit of weaker competitors from the markets.
In the face of the challenges, the Group will continue to reinforce its foundation by investing for the future and enhancing current operational efficiency, whilst at the same time remaining vigilant about cost and cash management. Our long-term success is embedded in our current market segments, growing and focused.

I will be leaving the Board on 30 April 2009 and I wish to take this opportunity to welcome two new board members. Earlier this year, Mr.
Qiao Shibo rejoined the Board as an Executive Director and will succeed me as the Chairman, while Mr. Chen Lang replaced Mr. Chen Shulin as the Managing Director. We are confident these appointments will ensure the continuity of leadership and direction of the Group. We also extend our sincere thanks and appreciation to Mr. Chen Shulin, who had served on the Board since 1998, for his significant contributions and unwavering commitment to the Group.
Our achievements are attributable to the incessant support of our shareholders and the confidence they have in us. To them and to our suppliers and other business partners, we express our gratitude. Our special thanks go out to our management team and employees, whose dedication and hard work allowed us to realize our objectives during the year. Finally, we are also thankful to our customers for the loyalty and trust they have shown in the Group.

