CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to present the Group s 2010 annual results. For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group s consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders increased by 94.8% year-on-year to approximately HK$5,674 million, including a net gain of approximately HK$3 billion from the disposal of a non-core brand-fashion distribution business. Our performance has validated our efforts to move steadily toward our goal of becoming the largest consumer goods company in China. We have also realised the rewards of our strategy of focusing on building our core businesses comprising retail, beer, food and 
Driven by continuous improvements in the macroeconomic environment and the central government s initiatives to promote consumer spending, retail sales in China recorded significant year- on-year growth of 18.4% in 2010, compared with 15.5% in 2009. The consumer price index also increased by 3.3% year-on- year, compared with a 0.7% decline in 2009.
Our performance has validated our efforts to move steadily toward our goal of becoming the largest consumer goods company in China.
On the back of a favorable operating environment, the Group continued to take concrete steps to grow its core consumer businesses and solidify its leading market position in China, which led to our remarkable growth last year. Turnover and profit attributable to the Company s shareholders from the core businesses were up 35.2% and 25.4% year-on-year respectively to approximately HK$86,728 million and HK$3,091 million.
Excluding the after-tax profit of asset revaluation and major disposals, the Group s underlying consolidated profit attributable to the Company s shareholders contributed by the core businesses would have increased by 33.9% for the year ended 31 
The Board recommended a final dividend of HK$0.38 per share for 2010 (2009: HK$0.35 per share) payable on or around 15 June 2011 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 23 May 2011. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.14 per share, the total dividend for 2010 will amount to HK$0.52 per share (2009: HK$0.49 per share). This represents an increase of 6% over 2009.
Closure of Register of Members The Register of Members will be closed from 23 May 2011 to 27 May 2011, both days inclusive. In order to be eligible for the final dividend, all completed transfer forms accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the share registrars of the Company, Tricor Standard Limited of 26th Floor, Tesbury Centre, 28 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on 20 May 2011.

Our retail division was our major profit contributor among our core businesses, accounting for more than 34.0% of the Group s profit attributable to the Company s shareholders for the period under review. Leveraging its extensive retail network comprising over 3,000 stores, the Group pursues a national strategy which emphasizes regional leadership and synergy on a multi-format business platform. During the year, the net opening of new self- operated stores amounted to over 360 and the Group accelerated the design of new store formats such as akj Fun 2 to reinforce the Group s leadership in target markets. To maximize profitability and get higher market share, the Group continued to execute a strategy of offering mid- to high-end products to capture opportunities arising from the emerging middle class with increasing purchasing power.
The Group continued to expand its extensive retail network in 2010 with the acquisition of an 80% interest in Pacific Coffee (Holdings) Limited ( Pacific Coffee ) in June in order to diversify its revenue base and introduce an exciting new element to its multi-store formats. Supported by CRE s financial strength, sourcing and logistical capabilities, as well as management and retail expertise, the Group is confident that Pacific Coffee will become the leading coffeehouse brand in China.
As at the end of 2010, the Group operated over 70 breweries in China with market share of more than 20%. Our beer division recorded solid growth in turnover and profitability in 2010 thanks to an expanded production capacity and aggressive promotions.
Average selling prices and gross margins during the year also increased, reflecting an initial success of product mix optimization, such as the introduction of premium beer into the market.
With a well-managed supply chain, the food division continued to make strong and steady profit contribution to the Group in 2010. The development of branded meat products in China has been in good progress. Leveraging the strong NP Ng Fung brand name and our efficient supply chain, we accelerated the development of self-owned retail stores and launched more than 120 meat counters and stores during the year.
The growth momentum of our beverage division strengthened further in 2010, with a significant year-on-year increase of 23% in sales volume to approximately 1,964,000 kiloliters. The Group continued to enhance its distribution network in Guangdong while actively expanding its market coverage to certain provincial markets. During the year, we also developed a new segment in the market with the newly rolled out fruit-flavored nutritional drink 0 PA , which was gaining increasing consumer 
In order to further accelerate the growth of our beverage division, the Group announced in January 2011 that it teamed up with Kirin Holdings Company, Limited to form a 60:40 joint venture for the manufacture and distribution of non-alcoholic beverage products in China. Leveraging the complementary strengths of both companies in distribution and product development, the partnership will catapult us into a stronger position to capture market opportunities in the beverage sector in a faster way.
With a view to allowing greater flexibility in the management of surplus cash resources, the Group initiated a proposal for intra-group lending between six listed companies under China Resources Group. The proposal was approved by independent shareholders of the Group in an Extraordinary General Meeting in December 2010. We anticipate the intra-group lending arrangement will help make better use of substantial temporarily surplus liquidity from the retail business during peak holiday shopping seasons by generating higher returns on the otherwise idle cash pile.

Looking ahead to 2011, we expect to see a robust retail market environment in China. The Group will continue to focus on expanding its core consumer businesses to capture market opportunities. We will further extend our market coverage and the reach of our retail chain and beer business to reinforce our market leadership. In view of the difficulty in searching for suitable retail sites, we will also consider locating our supermarkets in self- owned or partially-owned property development projects. The beer division will exert its influence to raise its average selling prices in certain strong regions to cover the increase in costs of raw materials and packaging materials.
As for the food division, we aim to continue the implementation of our Food Basket strategy, building on our already strong market presence in major regional cities of China. The beverage market in China abounds with tremendous growth potential.
Therefore, we plan to devote more resources to growing our beverage division nationally.
The Group will continue to actively look for opportunities to develop and strengthen its core businesses through acquisitions and organic growth. The strong performance achieved in 2010 has built a much stronger consumer business platform and paved the way for our quality growth in the years to come.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our heartfelt thanks to Mr. Jiang Wei and Mr. Li Fuzuo for their valuable contribution to the Company in the past. I would also like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Shi Shanbo, Mr. Wei Bin and Dr.
Zhang Haipeng who joined the Board as Non-Executive Directors in November 2010.
Our sincere gratitude also goes to our valued shareholders, customers and business associates for their trust and unwavering support. I would also like to thank our management and staff for their professionalism and dedication. With commitment and hard work, we hope to bring to our customers better quality lifestyles.

