Chairman s Statement Focus on long-term 
2015 was a year of successful strategic transformation with a focus on long- term prosperity for the Group. As of 1 September 2015, the Group had completed the disposal of all of its non-beer businesses including retail, food and beverage businesses to its parent company, China Resources (Holdings) Company Limited ( CRH ), for a total consideration of HK$30,000 million. The proposal was supported by 98.84% of voted independent shareholders. The proceeds were largely distributed to the shareholders in the form of a special dividend of HK$12.30 per share in October 2015. In December 2015, CRH closed the voluntary unconditional cash partial offer to the shareholders with an offer price of HK$12.70 per share. As of 31 December 2015, CRH held 51.91% of the entire issued shares of the Company. After the completion of the disposal, the financial information on consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2015 represented the continuing operations whereas the financial information as at 31 December 2014 included both continuing operations and discontinued operations.
The transaction has transformed the Group into a beer-focused listed entity of which its subsidiary, China Resources Snow Breweries Limited ( CRSB ), is the largest brewer by sales volume in China, the largest beer market by sales volume in the world. The strategic move has unleashed the value of its market-leading beer business from the previous conglomerate structure and associated capital constraints, allowing greater flexibility to execute its business plan and to lead further industry consolidation.
Regarding the operational performance for the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded consolidated turnover of approximately HK$133,103 million. Of this, the beer business generated turnover and profit attributable to the Company s shareholders of HK$34,821 million and HK$831 million, respectively. During the first eight months of 2015, performance of the discontinued operations (non-beer businesses) was negatively affected by China s slower economic growth, integration, as well as ongoing investment in business transition and nationwide expansion. The turnover and the loss attributable to the Company s shareholders of the discontinued operations were approximately HK$98,416 million and approximately HK$4,826 million, respectively.

Taking into the accounts of the proceeds from the disposal was largely distributed as a special dividend, the Board has resolved not to declare a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2015 (2014: HK$0.16 per share).

The Group is dedicated to creating ample value by various means to its stakeholders. Instead of focusing on short-term catalysts, the Group concentrates on reinforcing its competitive advantages for the delivery of long-term sustainable value. Since 2009, the Group has been transformed from a conglomerate company with various industries into a consumer goods conglomerate with four main businesses beer, retail, food and beverage. It was an effective implementation of the subtraction method by removing various businesses with lower synergy potential (such as textile business, joint venture with Esprit in China and minority investments in container terminal operations), in order to concentrate resources on the retail space that could accelerate expansion and maximize value exploration.
Along the way, the Group continued to sharpen its competitive edge by expanding its nationwide sales network. However, the Group has faced pressure from the popularity of e-commerce and its associated disruptive change on the value chain of the retail industry in recent years. It is the Group s belief that its scale and nationwide network can generate significant value while the online channel will integrate with that of physical stores in the future. However, it needs to take further capital investment and a longer time frame to realize such value.
Taking into consideration the benefit of stakeholders, the preference by the investment community for companies with a specific industry focus rather than conglomerates; and also, the best way on resources allocation for business development, CRH proposed to acquire the non-beer businesses in April 2015 to eliminate the associated uncertain short-term outlook and allow the Group to concentrate on the beer business the most profitable business of the Group with a leading market position.
Instead of generally used addition method for value creation, the Group bravely subtracted its businesses again to unlock the hidden value of the beer business. The Group understood that it was not an easy path, but its spirit of courage, endurance, innovation and strong operational capability gave it confidence for long-term prosperity of the beer business. The strategic move was well recognized by the investment community such that the Company s share price nearly doubled year-on-year as of 31 December 2015 excluding the effect of special dividend.
On 2 March 2016, the Group announced that it entered into an agreement with Anheuser-Busch InBev SANV ( ABI ) to purchase the 49% stake held by SABMiller Asia Limited in CRSB for US$1,600 million (equivalent to approximately HK$12,440 million). The transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and completion of the proposed acquisition by ABI of SABMiller PLC. Upon completion, CRSB will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. We believe that the acquisition would be beneficial to the Company and the shareholders, allowing the Company to gain full ownership in CRSB, and ensuring effective implementation of the Company s growth strategies in China. In addition, the acquisition would allow full consolidation of CRSB at the Company level, enhancing financial transparency to shareholders and eliminating any value leakage associated with a sizable 
With regard to the beer operation in 2015, the overall beer market shrank during the year due to slower national economic growth and abnormal weather conditions in China. Despite the unfavorable market conditions, the beer business delivered a balanced growth of turnover and profitability. On top of that, the beer business deepened its penetration into various regions, optimized its product mix, enhanced its cost efficiency by leveraging its economies of scale and a better management over selling expenses.
As for the Group s discontinued operations in the first eight months of 2015, the retail business still suffered from an uncertain short-term economic outlook, changes in consumer spending habits and new industry players. The ongoing integration of Tesco PLC s China business, which is still in a running- in period, continued to negatively affect the division s business outlook.
During the first eight months of 2015, a provision for goodwill impairment of HK$2,014 million (net amount attributable to shareholders) was made and an attributable loss of HK$3,331 million was incurred. Further investment will be required to enhance the operations of physical stores, e-commerce and IT systems, which is unlikely to result in profits in the short- and mid-terms.
The food division went through a transition period, thus resulting in an attributable loss of HK$29 million in the first eight months of 2015. The rice business, which has achieved a national presence, and the meat operation are still in need of continuous capital investment to enhance their market share, capacity utilization and profitability.
The beverage business recorded an attributable profit of HK$295 million during the first eight months of 2015. With intensifying competition in the industry, it will require additional investment to maintain the business s leading position and optimize its product portfolio.

The China beer market faced a decline in sales volume in 2015, mainly attributable to the slower growth of the macro-economy, as well as unfavorable weather conditions during the peak season. We continue to gain market share in spite of the sluggish environment. We are confident that the market s long-term prospects will be driven by multiple favorable factors. For instance, the China market has a lower market concentration and per capita beer consumption compared with most of the mature international markets, thus there is still capacity for growth. We believe that the beer market will be further consolidated over the medium term, especially at the expense of smaller regional players. The beer business will continue to become stronger through both organic expansion and acquisitions.
Other than the market share gain, the Group will also maintain its strategy of product mix upgrades. For those regions where we have significant scale and brand recognition, we will be more in favor of the product mix shifts, adding to our extensive use of the Snow brand across various product segments. We continuously pursue innovation on brand concept and product image which realizes one of the core competences of our management team.
We have different product images for various product segments. For instance, Brave the World , our nationwide mid-end product series, deliver the spirit of ambitious, challenging and innovative , our premium and super premium products with the image of Chinese architecture and traditional heritage.
To optimize our cost structure, we will explore different ways for better management on production and administrative costs as well as efficiency enhancement, such as implementation of IT systems, improvement of overall production utilization and studying the integration of a number of breweries.
We have demonstrated our capability to strengthen medium-term profitability by enhancing scale and market share. With the increase in market share and brand value, we are confident that our profitability improvement can be sustained in the long run.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our deepest gratitude to all valued shareholders for their support for our milestone transformation and their continued confidence in our future. We are also thankful to our customers, business partners and associates, as well as our management team and colleagues. We will continue to be committed to delivering quality products and services to our customers and bringing ample returns to our 
