CHAIRMAN S LETTER The year 2001 presented many challenges, even before the tragic events of September plunged the aviation industry into one of the most difficult periods in its history. The Group recorded a loss of HK$662 million during the second half of the year, as compared to a profit of HK$1,319 million in the first six months. For the year as a whole, Cathay Pacific reported an attributable profit of HK$657 million, compared to a record profit of HK$5,005 million a year earlier. Turnover fell by 11.8 percent to HK$30,436 million.
Passenger and cargo traffic both suffered major declines. The effects of the global economic slowdown were already evident at the beginning of the year as demand for business travel weakened. Following the terrorist attacks in the United States public confidence was badly shaken, and passenger demand fell even further still. The loss of confidence amongst travellers was most clearly felt on our trans-Pacific routes whilst other routes, including those to Taiwan and South East Asia, were affected by the economic slowdown.
Passenger yield declined from HK48.2 cents to 
Our cargo business also experienced difficult market conditions. Hong Kong was partly cushioned by the relatively strong performance of exports from Mainland China, but competition in the overall air cargo market remained intense.
Cargo yield fell by 10.6 percent to HK$1.85.
In the fourth quarter, we temporarily cut back scheduled capacity by some 8 percent and implemented a stringent review of our costs. Our aim is to maintain the integrity of our network and, to the greatest extent possible, to preserve the jobs of our staff.
During the summer the industrial dispute with our pilots union had an adverse impact on our operations. However, in the wake of rapidly changing industry circumstances the industrial action dissipated and our schedule integrity and on-time performance returned to their usual high levels. We remain committed to resolving the dispute in a constructive manner with the aim of reaching a long-term durable settlement which takes into account the interests of the Hong Kong community and of the airline, our staff and customers.
Our operating fleet increased by 11 aircraft, and at year end totalled 75 aircraft, including 9 freighters.
Whilst we remain optimistic about growth prospects, we have taken a cautious view towards future aircraft deliveries, and have only 3 aircraft on order. We will continue to review further aircraft orders to ensure that we can meet any expected recovery in demand.
Our affiliates and associates, despite a decline in profitability, continued to perform satisfactorily.
Notwithstanding difficult market conditions, Cathay Pacific remains committed to focusing on our strengths in terms of superior product and customer service. During the year we pressed ahead with various product and service enhancements including the introduction of a new Business Class product and various e-Business initiatives including the world s first inflight email service; we upgraded passenger lounges around the world and opened a new lounge, The Pier, at Hong Kong International Airport.
Over the years Cathay Pacific has met and overcome many challenges. We have a team of extremely dedicated and talented staff and committed shareholders. We are ideally located in Hong Kong and at the heart of Asia. We are steady in our resolve and intend to come through the current industry crisis in better shape than ever, poised to resume the successful growth of the airline once economic conditions show signs of 
