LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS Despite challenging economic conditions, VTech reported record revenue and profi t, and we were able to expand net profi t margin for a third consecutive year.

Despite challenging economic conditions, VTech reported record revenue and profi t, and we were able to expand net profi t margin for a third consecutive year. We have built a solid foundation for our operations, as we strengthened our leading positions in the telecommunication products (TEL) and electronic learning products (ELP) industries and increased our profi le in contract manufacturing services (CMS).
The solid result refl ects the success of our strategy, with its focus on four key areas: 
" Gains in market share 
Revenue for the Group increased by 6.0% over the fi nancial year 2007 to US$1,552.0 million. Profi t attributable to shareholders rose by 17.9% to US$215.7 million, while earnings per share increased 16.7% to US89.4 cents. The Board of Directors (the Board ) has proposed a fi nal dividend of US51.0 cents per ordinary share. Together with the interim dividend of US12.0 cents per share, this gives a total dividend for the year of US63.0 cents per ordinary share. Excluding a special dividend of US30.0 cents per share in the fi nancial year 2007, the total dividend per share for the fi nancial year 2008 increases 26.0% over the previous fi nancial year. The increase in dividend payout demonstrates our commitment to shareholders and the strength of our operations.

Rising costs posed a challenge to all our businesses during the fi nancial year 2008. High oil prices led to increased prices for plastics while higher commodity prices generally fed into increased prices for other raw materials used in our manufacturing. At the same time, operating and labour costs continued to rise in mainland China, compounded by infl ation and a strong appreciation of the Renminbi against the US dollar.
While these increases pressured all manufacturers, VTech continued to build on its track record of achieving margin improvement, based on our know-how in R&D and manufacturing. We have leveraged our economies of scale, re-engineered our products and increased our productivity through better utilisation of our manufacturing capacity.
At the same time, stringent quality control ensured that our products met customer expectations, helping to raise sales at our businesses.
The TEL business posted higher revenue, despite a decline in US sales. In North America, we pursue a branded business strategy selling under the VTech and AT&T brands, and the overall US market contracted owing to the slowing economy. We nonetheless increased market share as our product innovation enabled us to gain a lead over the competition. In particular, we are benefi ting from the convergence of the market towards DECT 6.0 technology, where we have a very well received 
The stronger performance came from the Original Design Manufacturing (ODM) business, under which we manufacture products for major fi xed line telephone operators in Europe and other well-known brand names. We are also increasingly selling to distributors in the Asia Pacifi c and other emerging markets, with notable sales growth from India, Brazil and Australia.
Revenue at the ELP business reached another record high, led by continuing strength in the traditional ELPs. We secured more shelf space in North America and Europe, and gained further ground in emerging markets. With the basic V.Smile console now in its fourth year, sales of the V.Smile range slowed and in the calendar year 2008 we have added three new members to the V.Smile family to augment the basic console.
The CMS business achieved record revenue for the fourth consecutive year and we are increasingly raising our profi le in the electronic manufacturing services industry. The business was able to mitigate the impact of cost increases through economies of scale and leveraging the Group s procurement power. We also succeeded in passing on some cost increases to customers.

It is prudent not to foresee growth for the fi nancial year 2009, as economic conditions in our markets, especially the United States, are worsening. In addition, cost pressures will continue due to the high oil price, rising labour costs and infl ation in mainland China.
Nevertheless, we remain positive about our future. Our track record in product innovation, dominant position in many markets, strong balance sheet and operational excellence should allow us to strengthen our competitive position. We will continue to manage costs closely and focus on our four strategic drivers for expansion.
In the TEL business, ODM business is expected to grow, as competition weakens and we continue to develop emerging markets. In addition to geographic expansion, we are looking to the future of the telecommunications industry and developing innovative products to capture the potential presented by new technologies. In December 2007, we formed a joint venture with Funkwerk Enterprise Communications GmbH to develop integrated access devices that will start to contribute to sales in the fi nal quarter of the fi nancial year 2009.
Although we expect the branded business in North America to be aff ected by the slowing US economy, we have developed new product categories that will bring incremental sales. In the third quarter of the fi nancial year 2009, our fi rst AT&T offi ce headsets will be on the shelf and at the beginning of 2009 our new range of enterprise phones for medium sized business will 
In the ELP business, market conditions will be challenging. Not only is the US economy slowing, but competition is increasing, while the benefi t we have reaped from an appreciating Euro are unlikely to continue.
Nonetheless, the global toy business has historically performed relatively well during economic downturns. We also have a sound strategy that should allow us to grow the business.
Continued innovation in products remains at the core of this strategy and this will help rejuvenate the V.Smile range.
V-Motion"!, an interactive educational gaming system that engages both minds and bodies, is already on the shelves.
It will be joined by Cyber Pocket"!, a new handheld version to complement the V.Smile Pocket"!. Both of these products feature USB connectivity, off ering more value to consumers.
Following the success of V.Smile, which brought a new dimension to the ELP business, we are working to create other new categories that can become major growth drivers. One of the new product lines to be launched during the fi nancial year 2009 is KidiCreative"!, which off ers high-tech creative play 
The prospects for the CMS business look promising and we anticipate further sales increases from both existing and new customers. We will continue to focus on medium sized customers and maintain our edge in quality and cost. In mid 2007, we set up a six sigma team to improve operational effi ciency and this is beginning to yield results. Work processes are being streamlined and automation increased in order to reduce the dependence on labour, raise productivity and improve product quality. We are also consolidating our supplier base, strengthening relationships with fewer suppliers to ensure we achieve the most favourable pricing.
PROPOSED LONDON DELISTING VTech is currently listed on both the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the London Stock Exchange, and the Board has been considering whether this dual listing arrangement is benefi cial to the Company and its shareholders. After careful consideration, the Board has come to the view that the relatively signifi cant compliance costs and administrative burdens of maintaining a London listing are not justifi ed by the very limited trading volume of the Company s shares in that market, and hence it is no longer in the Company s best interest to maintain its listing status on the London Stock Exchange. Accordingly, we propose to delist from the London Stock Exchange, while maintaining our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and a Special General Meeting will be convened in due course, and a circular will be despatched to shareholders.

As ever, I would like to thank my fellow directors and all staff for their eff orts throughout the year, which have made it successful despite diffi cult operating conditions.
We should not underestimate the challenges that lie ahead, but with leadership in our markets, a strong balance sheet and a highly effi cient manufacturing capability, VTech should benefi t in the longer term from the industry consolidation that 
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 3rd July 2008 