Letter to Shareholders All three of our businesses recorded revenue increases during the fi nancial year 2007, resulting in revenue for the Group reaching an all-time high.
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
All three of our businesses recorded revenue increases during the fi nancial year 2007, resulting in revenue for the Group reaching an all-time high.
This, together with an improvement in operating profi t margin, allowed us to achieve a second straight year of record profi t. The results demonstrate that we are reaping the benefi t of the hard work put in over recent years to enhance our operations and build a solid foundation for growth.
All three of our businesses recorded revenue increases during the fi nancial year 2007, resulting in revenue for the Group reaching an all-time high.
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Revenue for the Group increased by 21.5% over the fi nancial year 2006 to US$1,463.8 million. Profi t attributable to shareholders rose by 42.0% to US$182.9 million, while earnings per share increased by 39.5% to US76.6 cents. With the Group s balance sheet remaining strong, the Board of Directors has proposed a fi nal dividend of US41.0 cents per share.
Together with the interim dividend of US9.0 cents per share and the special dividend of US30.0 cents per share made in celebration of the Group s 30th anniversary, this gives a total dividend for the year of US80.0 cents per share, 150.0% higher than the US32.0 cents per share declared for the fi nancial 
Following two years of rationalisation at its US operations, the telecommunication products (TEL) business regained its leadership position in the US cordless phone market. A rebound in sales in this market led to a marked increase in revenue for the TEL business overall, while contribution to the Group continued to improve.

IN LAST 5 YEARS The gains in North America were the result of the success of the new product lines. The 5.8GHz phones, together with the AT&T 2.4GHz products using proprietary technology developed in-house, proved popular with consumers and continued to win us more shelf space from customers.
Several new models were introduced in January at the 2007 Consumer Electronics Show where our focus was on innovative design and new technology. Our design capabilities were showcased by the Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications (DECT) 6.0 models, whose cutting-edge slim handsets were exceptionally well received. On the technology side, we were able to show a cordless system with Bluetooth connectivity and the infoPhone "! , an Internet enabled phone that allows people to check email and information without the need to turn on a computer.
As we noted at the interim report, the European market had suffered from excess inventory, especially during the fi rst half of the fi nancial year. Hence, despite a pick up of sales in the second half over the fi rst half, revenue from this market still recorded a decline as compared with the fi nancial year 2006.
Revenue at the electronic learning products (ELP) business reached an all time high as we saw sales growth in all product ranges in all major markets. The traditional ELPs performed especially well, with a double digit sales increase. A number of new products helped boost sales, including Nitro Vision and a new line of interactive animal character play sets for toddlers, SmartVille. Nitro Notebook Pink was included in the Toys R Us Fabulous 15 The Best of the Holiday Season list.
V.Smile continued its success as a platform based product and eight new titles were added in the calendar year 2006. V.Smile Baby, targeting children between the ages of nine months and three years old, was added to the range. It appeared on the shelves in the fi rst half of the fi nancial year and sales have been encouraging. V.Flash, aimed at children aged six and up, got off to a slower start following its late launch in 
The contract manufacturing services (CMS) business achieved record revenue for the third year in a row as we grew our sales with existing customers. Once again, the business outperformed the global Electronic Manufacturing Services (EMS) market. The switching mode power supplies, professional audio equipment and industrial printing categories experienced particularly strong demand and marked growth was seen in the US market.
The success of the CMS business demonstrates the attraction of a complete one-stop shop service from design to execution and the very high quality levels achieved. Customer service levels improved further during the fi nancial year as we cut order processing time signifi cantly and again reduced the failures per million units of 
All three businesses did well to counter cost pressures during the fi nancial year despite high materials prices, as well as rising labour costs and overheads in China, following the appreciation of the Renminbi. Greater economies of scale, as our production volume has expanded, have mitigated these cost pressures, and we have been able to raise productivity through effi ciency gains. The new plant at the city of Qingyuan in the northern part of China s Guangdong province, to which we have begun transferring some production, is also beginning to make a positive impact.
CHANGES IN DIRECTORS Our Deputy Chairman, Mr. Albert LEE Wai Kuen, retired with effect from 1st April 2007. He has been with the Group since 1984 and I would like to express my sincere appreciation to him for his valuable contribution over two decades. He will continue to play a role as an adviser to the Group.
Following Mr. LEE s retirement, two new Executive Directors were appointed in April 2007. They are Mr. Edwin YING Lin Kwan, Group Chief Operating Offi cer and Mr. PANG King Fai, Group Chief Technology Offi cer.
The succession of good results achieved in recent years testifi es to VTech s ability to develop sound business strategies and execute them well. I believe we have developed a solid foundation for 
The succession of good results achieved in recent years testifi es to VTech s ability to develop sound business strategies and execute them well. I believe we have developed a solid foundation for future expansion. Despite the uncertainties of the US economy, a probable further appreciation of the Renminbi, as well as a continued rise in labour costs and components prices, we expect to achieve a similar level of profi tability as in the fi nancial year 2007.
The rise in our production volume has begun to put pressure on capacity and to ease capacity constraints and realise further economies of scale, the Group is adding manufacturing facilities. In the second quarter of the fi nancial year 2008, a new factory building for the CMS business will open, increasing its capacity by some 50%. We also intend to build a second factory at Qingyuan, to serve the growing needs of the ELP business.
We expect the positive momentum at the TEL business to carry into the fi nancial year 2008. Growth, however, will primarily come from Europe as the market continues to recover from the excess inventory. The North American business will be hard pressed to repeat the similar growth recorded in the fi nancial year 2007, as the business has already rebounded from a sales decline and regained its leadership position in 
Despite this, our new models with innovative designs and new technology will support profi table growth in North America. Through designs such as the DECT 6.0 models, we are successfully creating new product categories for retail customers, while technologies such as the infoPhone"! will enable us to explore new distribution channel such as service providers.
To add new avenues of growth, the TEL business will develop the small and home offi ce market. Changing demographics, new work practices and technologies have made this a growth area, one that we have not so far addressed as a distinct segment.
Building on its strong position in Europe and increasing market share in North America, the ELP business is expected to continue to grow. The addition of the Whiz Kid Learning System"! will enable VTech to capture a position in the reading market. The V.Smile range will continue to evolve and an enhanced V.Smile console will be on the shelves in the United States in August 2007, featuring a sing-along microphone and a writing joystick. It will be joined by a new version of V.Smile Pocket that features a microphone for new games. The new version is also smaller, lighter and hence easier for children to carry. Eight new titles will be launched in the calendar year 2007 as we expand the library of cartridges.
Growth at the CMS business is expected to moderate as existing customers mature and newer customers only gradually build up orders.
Nonetheless, we are confi dent of once again outperforming the EMS market, which is forecast to grow in the high single digits in the calendar year 2007.
We will continue to improve the service we offer to all customers and have set up a new task force to examine any cost savings that can be passed on.
Japan, a market of great potential for the CMS business, will be a focus for new business development. A dedicated Japanese client team has been set up, and we will reopen our sales offi ce there in June 2007.
Separate facilities are being set up specifi cally for Japanese clients, covering manufacturing, engineering and quality control.

I would like to thank my fellow directors and all staff for their efforts, which helped to make our 30th anniversary a banner year.
Although we see challenges ahead, we are taking action to address specifi c issues, and with the global economy still expanding at a reasonable pace, I am confi dent that VTech is well positioned to achieve further growth in the fi nancial year 2008 and deliver good returns for shareholders in the 
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 20th June 2007 