Letter to Shareholders 
VTech delivered top-line growth across its major markets in the financial year 2014, reporting record revenue despite a generally soft retail environment. Gross margin continued to improve, as material costs were lower. The Group s efforts to raise productivity through automation also began to bear fruit.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company, however, showed lower growth due to higher advertising and promotion expenses. During the financial year, the Group s leadership in core product categories was further strengthened.
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2014 increased by 2.2% to US$1,898.9 million. The increase was mainly attributable to higher revenue in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, offsetting lower revenue in Other Regions.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company rose 0.9% to US$203.3 million. During the financial year 2014, the Group increased its advertising and promotion expenses to support InnoTab in the US in response to a competitive market. Basic earnings per share grew by 0.6% to US81.1 cents, compared to US80.6 cents in the previous financial year.
The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of US64.0 cents per ordinary share, providing a full-year dividend of US80.0 cents per ordinary share, the same as the dividend paid in the financial year 2013.
Costs and Operations The Group s gross margin improved in the financial year 2014 as lower material costs more than offset higher labour costs and manufacturing overheads. Material costs declined due to subdued global demand and VTech s efforts in re-engineering products for lower cost. The Group also succeeded in reducing the impact of the rise in the minimum wage in China, via its initiatives to raise productivity through automation and process improvement. As a result, VTech employed 11% fewer workers on average compared with the previous financial year despite output being higher. Manufacturing overheads increased owing to higher production capacity, inflation in China and the appreciation of the Renminbi.

The Group s sales composition continued to evolve in response to changes in market demand.
In the financial year 2014, Electronic Learning Products (ELPs) remained the Group s largest product line, followed by telecommunication (TEL) products and contract manufacturing 
Overall sales of the Group via e-tailers have risen strongly, outpacing the traditional sales channels. Sales of content downloaded from VTech s app store, Learning Lodge"!, continued to see good growth.
Even though the European toy markets were generally down or flat in the calendar year 2013, VTech ELPs outperformed in the region to deliver 16.5% revenue growth. The Group was the number one player in the overall Infant Toys category in France, the UK and Germany in the calendar year 2013 1 . Furthermore, Storio was the number one children s educational tablet in Europe for the second year in a row 2 . In the US, Go! Go! Smart Wheels delivered a strong performance in the financial year 2014. Sales of InnoTab, however, were lower due to competition from low-cost consumer electronics tablets. In the financial year 2014, standalone products accounted for about 68% of total ELPs revenue, while platform products accounted for approximately 32%, as compared with about 64% and 36% respectively in the financial year 2013.
In TEL products, the businesses in the US and Asia Pacific posted good performances, partially offsetting the weakness in Europe. In residential phones, the Group maintained its number one position in the US 3 and grew its share further as the market continued to consolidate. Sales of commercial phones and other telecommunication products continued to rise.
Among these, baby monitors and the cordless business phone system, SynJ, were the best performers. VTech also started shipping ErisStation"!, its first conference phone with wireless microphones, to customers in the US and Europe in the fourth quarter of the financial year. In the financial year 2014, commercial phones and other telecommunication products represented about 14% of total TEL products revenue, against approximately 12% in the financial year 2013.
VTech CMS registered 7.2% revenue growth in the financial year 2014, once again outperforming the global EMS market and marking the 12th consecutive year of growth. Its strong reputation and expertise in a number of product categories enabled it to add new customers and expand geographically, resulting in top-line growth in all regions.

VTech s proven strategy centres on four growth drivers: product innovation, gains in market share, geographic expansion and 
Product Innovation has given the Group leadership in core product categories, while acting as the driver for growth in the new product areas.
VTech s ELPs have benefited from tremendous growth in areas beyond that of core learning and the Group will build on this momentum by introducing new product ranges. The infant- toddler vehicles line Go! Go! Smart Wheels and its playsets were strong performers in the financial year 2014. Riding on their success, the Group will increase its presence in the playset arena with the launch of Go! Go! Smart Animals"! in the US and Europe. More vehicles and playsets, meanwhile, will be added to the Go! Go! Smart Wheels line. The Switch & Go Dinos range of vehicles for the preschool segment will expand further with the introduction of Switch & Go Dinos Turbo, adding nine new models to the range.
3 Source: MarketWise Consumer Insights, LLC VTech will also continue to broaden its learning products portfolio. More than 100 new standalone products targeting infants, toddlers, preschoolers and grade-schoolers, will be introduced globally this calendar year.
In platform products, VTech continues to innovate to capture the latest trends. Kidizoom Smart Watch, the world s first children s smartwatch with a camera, will hit the shelves in both the US and Europe this summer. To maintain momentum in children s tablets, the Group will upgrade InnoTab with new versions, including InnoTab Max. With a 7 LCD screen and a child-proof design, InnoTab Max has an upgraded processor for an enhanced experience, backed by a rich and expert- endorsed library of educational software titles.
For TEL products, growth will be driven by commercial phones and other telecommunication products, which will see new offerings across the spectrum during the financial year 2015.
Among them, a new range of small to medium sized business (SMB) phones will be launched under the VTech brand. This will include a new conference phone model with wireless microphones, SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) phones and a 4-line, SIP-based telephone system catering to the needs of small businesses. VTech s range of baby monitors will be enhanced by the introduction of more video and audio models.
For connected home"! devices, in addition to Wi-Fi video monitors, a new family of home monitoring devices based on the DECT ULE (Ultra Low Energy) standard will be launched in the second half of the financial year 2015.
In residential phones, the Group continues to develop products with new styling and features. The DECT platform has been re- engineered to make it more cost-competitive. This supports the strategy to revitalise the European TEL products business and strengthen VTech s leadership position in the US. The Group will also introduce new CAT-iq handsets in Europe offering affordable, high-definition voice quality supporting multiple lines during the financial year 2015.
VTech s proven strategy centres on four growth drivers: product innovation, gains in market share, geographic expansion and operational excellence.
The ability to offer DFM (Design for Manufacturing), flexible services and manufacturing know-how in a number of product categories has made VTech CMS a leading contract manufacturer. It has a dedicated manufacturing facility offering reduced logistics and customs clearance costs for customers wishing to distribute their products in China. The Group s stringent quality control system and experienced staff allow it to handle low to medium volumes as well as a high mix of different products. As in previous years, VTech CMS received numerous customer service awards during the financial year 2014.
Gains in Market Share will continue to be the growth driver for the Group in the financial year 2015.
VTech continued to be the world s largest player in ELPs from infancy to preschool in the calendar year 2013 4 . The pipeline of new products will enable the Group to strengthen its market leadership in the core learning area, while pursuing growth in 
In addition to leadership in ELPs, VTech remained the world s number one manufacturer of cordless telephones in the calendar year 2013 5 . In the calendar year 2014, further market share gains are expected for TEL products in the US and Asia Pacific. Market share in Europe and Other Regions will recover, driven by new product launches and the signing of a major new distributor for the Middle East.
The Group s commitment to quality products and services has enabled CMS to win market share year after year. According to Manufacturing Market Insider, VTech CMS ranked among the world s top 50 EMS providers in the calendar year 2013. The Group expects to continue to increase its CMS sales globally in the financial year 2015.
Geographic Expansion will see more emphasis on expanding outside North America and Western Europe, in order to capture growth opportunities. In Asia Pacific, the potential in China is huge and it will continue to be the most important market for development. The developed markets in the region such 4 Source: MarketWise Consumer Insights, LLC and Retail Tracking Service of NPD Group. Ranking based on 2012 and 2013 total estimated annual retail sales in the combined toy categories of infant electronic learning and preschool electronic 
5 Source: MZA Ltd, 2014 as Australia and Japan will continue to be a focus. The Group will also extend its reach to other markets including Taiwan, Malaysia and Korea. In Other Regions, the Group aims to grow sales in Latin America and the Middle East.
Operational Excellence underpins VTech s success. As costs in China are set to rise further, operational efficiency is becoming increasingly important. In addition to process improvement and product optimisation for manufacturing, the Group will increase its application of automation by deploying more commercially available and in-house custom-made machines.
This will reduce the number of workers further, even as output increases. The Group will also benefit from enhanced competitiveness as automation improves product quality, reduces time to market and increases flexibility in production.

Economic recovery in the US appears to be on a sustainable footing, while the economies of Western Europe are improving.
With a stabilised market environment and new products ready to be launched, the Group is targeting further revenue growth in the financial year 2015.
In addition to process improvement and product optimisation for manufacturing, the Group will increase its application of automation by deploying more commercially available and in-house custom-made machines. This will reduce the number of workers further, even as 
VTech s product innovation and operational efficiency have given it market-leading positions in a number of areas. It continues to gain market share and expand geographically, while maintaining a strong financial position.
The Group will continue to implement its sustainability strategies, while exploring every avenue of potential growth to generate higher returns for 
Sales of ELPs in the financial year 2015 are forecast to increase as the strong momentum in standalone products carries through. Innovative products including Go! Go! Smart Animals and Switch & Go Dinos Turbo, as well as new core learning products, will drive growth. Despite the introduction of Kidizoom Smart Watch, sales of platform products are still expected to be challenging. InnoTab will face rising competition as more low-cost tablets are being introduced to the consumer electronics aisles.
TEL products revenue is also expected to increase. Growth will be driven by commercial phones and other telecommunication products, as the Group introduces new products and makes higher shipments of continuing products. Sales of residential phones in Europe and Other Regions are expected to recover, while in Asia Pacific growth will continue. In the US, although the residential phone market will shrink further, VTech will continue to increase its share.
CMS is expected to grow further in the financial year 2015.
Business with existing customers will increase, as the Group continues to take market share from the competition. New customers will add a further stimulus to growth. To cope with higher expected demand over the next three years, the Group plans to add a new CMS factory building. This will raise manufacturing capacity by 25% once it enters operation in the middle of the calendar year 2015.
Regarding costs, material prices are expected to hold broadly steady, although labour costs and manufacturing overheads in China will continue to rise. However, the Group s gross profit margin is expected to be stable as efficiency gains through automation, process improvements and product optimisation should offset higher costs in China.
As a global company that is part of the communities in which it operates, VTech recognises the need to step up its effort to achieve sustainable development. The goal is to design, manufacture and supply innovative and high quality products in a manner that minimises any impact on the environment, while creating value for stakeholders and communities. To this end, VTech will continue to incorporate sustainability concepts into product design, improve energy and resource efficiency in operations, and upgrade employees living and working 
VTech s product innovation and operational efficiency have given it market-leading positions in a number of areas. It continues to gain market share and expand geographically, while maintaining a strong financial position. The Group will continue to implement its sustainability strategies, while exploring every avenue of potential growth to generate higher returns for shareholders.
Finally, I wish to thank all the Group s employees worldwide for their dedication to ensuring another successful year for VTech, my fellow directors for their counsel and all shareholders, customers and suppliers for their support.
Allan Wong Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 22 May 2014 