Letter to Shareholders I am pleased to report that VTech has successfully managed our businesses through the adverse economic conditions prevailing in the fi nancial year 2010. In addition to achieving an increase in revenue, we delivered a proportionally higher growth in profi t.

I am pleased to report that VTech has successfully managed our businesses through the adverse economic conditions prevailing in the fi nancial year 2010. In addition to achieving an increase in revenue, we delivered a proportionally higher growth in profi t.
In the US, the market share of our telecommunication (TEL) products grew further. Sales of contract manufacturing services (CMS) increased despite the decline in the global electronic manufacturing services (EMS) market. We also achieved good growth across the board in Asia Pacifi c.
Our track record for product innovation continues. We launched a new telephony system for small and medium sized business (SMB), which has been well received. For electronic learning products (ELPs), we have recently delivered two new platform products to the market and they have received strong support from our 
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2010 rose by 5.8% over the previous fi nancial year, to US$1,532.3 million. Profi t attributable to shareholders of the Company grew strongly, by 44.2%, to US$206.5 million. The proportionally higher profi t is mainly attributable to eff ective spending on advertising and promotions for ELPs, as well as better foreign exchange risk management.
Basic earnings per share increased by 43.1% to US83.7 cents, compared to US58.5 cents in the fi nancial year 2009. The Board of Directors (the Board) has proposed a fi nal dividend of US62.0 cents per ordinary share.
Together with the interim dividend of US16.0 cents per ordinary share, this gives a total dividend for the year of US78.0 cents per ordinary share, an increase of 47.2% over the previous fi nancial year.

North America, our largest market, was an important contributor to our strong results. Despite the severe downturn in the US, we managed to increase revenue in the region. TEL products and CMS performed well, countering a decline in sales of ELPs.
Our TEL products continued to lead the market in product design, innovative features and competitive pricing. Capitalising on the exit of a major competitor towards the end of the calendar year 2008, we boosted our estimated share of the US corded and cordless phone market to almost 50%. With the launch of our AT&T branded SMB telephony systems, we have also opened a major new area of growth in North America. These systems are ideal for small and medium sized offi ces, as well as for facilities such as warehouses and distribution centres.
A sharp improvement in the second half saw CMS revenue in North America increase for the full fi nancial year, buoyed by increased sales of professional audio equipment to both existing and new customers. Sales of ELPs were impacted by unstable economic conditions in the region, where we had strategically delayed the launch of a major new platform 
Revenue from Europe was aff ected by the weak economy. Despite a sales rebound in the second half as customers began to restock, TEL products experienced a sales decline for the full fi nancial year. Sales of ELPs in the region also decreased, mainly due to the decrease in sales of platform products. CMS saw lower demand for switching mode power supplies and wireless products, which off set gains in professional audio 
In Asia Pacifi c, all product lines achieved sales increases. The growth was mainly attributed to our agreement with Telstra to be its direct supplier of fi xed line telephones, and orders from a major customer in solid state lighting. Sales from other regions showed a slight decline.

Retail markets in most developed countries started to show signs of recovery towards the end of the calendar year 2009. This, coupled with the rebound in sales we have seen in the fi rst three months of the calendar year 2010, gives some cause for optimism. However, given the fi nancial instability of certain EU countries and the subsequent volatility in global fi nancial markets, we still see considerable uncertainty over the sustainability of this recovery. Additionally, the continued weakness of European currencies will create pressure on our revenue and profi tability.
Rising costs will add to the challenges in the fi nancial year 2011. Material and component prices have increased markedly since their lows in 2008 and 2009. Lead times are also longer. Leveraging our economies of scale and strong procurement power, VTech is working closely with suppliers to mitigate these impacts.
Labour costs in mainland China are also aff ected by the increase in the minimum wage, which came into eff ect in May 2010. We will continue to re-engineer products for lower costs, and seek productivity gains through increasing automation and 
Going forward, we are still cautiously optimistic that the Group will deliver growth in the fi nancial year 2011. This will be achieved through pursuing our strategy of product innovation, gains in market share, geographic expansion and operational 
North America and Europe After a strong performance in the previous fi nancial year, growth will not be easy to achieve for TEL products in North America in this fi nancial year. Nevertheless, we still expect further gains in market share in our core product lines, namely corded and cordless telephones for consumers. Beyond these, the AT&T branded SMB telephony systems will add momentum to sales. Our second model in this category, Synapse"!, was launched in January 2010 and sales are gradually building up. We are currently selling these products through value added resellers, and we are also recruiting distributors through our SMB Partner Program .
In Europe, despite the uncertainty of the economic situation, we expect TEL products to resume growth in the fi nancial year 2011. Most of our existing customers are giving us more orders. VTech is steadily gaining market share in Germany as a result of the Deutsche Telekom agreement.
Additionally, while volumes are still small compared to cordless phones, we have been shipping an increasing number of integrated access devices (IADs). This provides further impetus to sales growth.
For ELPs, we expect platform products to return to growth in North America, while momentum for standalone products will continue.
The two new platform products launched this fi nancial year, V.Reader and MobiGo, have been well received by the trade. V.Reader is an animated e-book system for children aged three to seven. With a 4.3 inch colour display, stories come to life on V.Reader through narration, music, animation and interactions. MobiGo is a handheld educational gaming system for children aged three to eight. With its colour touch screen and slide-open keyboard, MobiGo puts the world of educational fun at children s fi ngertips. Both products have been on retail shelves since June and will benefi t from extensive media support. Growth in standalone products will be supported by extensive line-ups of infant and pre-school items. These are being led by additions to the successful Jungle Gym line, a new category of bath toys, as well as strong licensed 
In Europe, the introduction of new standalone and platform products is expected to stimulate sales. MobiGo will be introduced in most European markets between late summer and fall, while V.Reader will appear in the UK in the summer. As we receive European currencies for domestic sales in Europe, a decline in their values would aff ect our revenue and profi tability in US Dollar terms.
Consequently, growth will be diffi cult to achieve for this fi nancial year.
The global EMS industry is forecast to remain on an uptrend in the fi nancial year 2011 and our CMS will continue to outperform the market.
With an established reputation in the professional audio industry, we expect to gain additional business from both existing and new customers in North America and Europe. Switching mode power supplies will see growth opportunities in the new business areas of solar power inverters and electric vehicle chargers.
Customers are increasingly aware of the eff orts we have made in improving the working conditions for our workforce. The operations of CMS are in full compliance with the international standards SA8000 and OHSAS18000. These certifi cations demonstrate the commitment of CMS in the areas of social accountability and occupational health & safety.
This commitment diff erentiates CMS from the competition and will enhance our growth prospects in the 
Asia Pacifi c and Other Regions Asia Pacifi c is likely to lead the way among other regions and we are planning to introduce TEL products to the Chinese market. We also expect increased contributions from the Telstra arrangement in Australia.
For ELPs, we have set up a new team to develop products specifi cally for mainland China. These products will hit the shelves by the end of this calendar year. We will continue to step up our eff orts in other Asia Pacifi c markets, notably Australia and Japan.
For CMS, we see good opportunities to build on our success in solid state lighting for the Japanese market. As the performance of the LED light bulbs is superior to that of conventional light bulbs, we are seeing rapid consumer adoption of the new technology. As a result of keen competition in this emerging business segment, tremendous price erosion is expected in the next few years. CMS will work closely with our customer to accelerate cost reductions through new product designs and process automation, so as to improve profi t margins through the strong partnership.

Our ability to make further progress across our businesses in the face of very diffi cult market conditions testifi es to the strength of the Group.
I would like to thank my fellow directors, senior management and all staff for their support in meeting the challenges. I also thank all of our suppliers, business partners and customers, whose close co-operation has helped to make the year a 
VTech is a company with strong R&D, market leadership position, a strong balance sheet and a highly effi cient operation. We will continue to focus on product innovation and geographical expansion to deliver growth, while managing costs and risks to enhance profi tability.
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 14 June 2010 