Letter to Shareholders
Dear Shareholders,
In the financial year 2017 VTech achieved record revenue,
surpassing the US$2 billion mark. A relatively favourable cost
environment saw gross margin improve, although profit was
affected by one-off costs associated with the integration of
LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc. (LeapFrog). The Group also laid
the ground for future growth, with the completion of three
strategic acquisitions.
Results and Dividend
Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2017 increased
by 12.0% to US$2,079.3 million, supported by higher sales in
North America, Europe and Asia Pacific.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company decreased
by 1.3% to US$179.0 million. The fall in profit was mainly
due to the one-off costs associated with the acquisition
and integration of LeapFrog, including the professional and
legal costs associated with the investigation by the UK’s
Competition & Markets Authority. This investigation was
initiated in April 2016, with final and unconditional approval
given in January 2017. The expenses related to the cyber-attack
that occurred in November 2015 also contributed to the
decline in profit.
Basic earnings per share fell by 1.2% to US71.3 cents, compared
to US72.2 cents in the previous financial year.
The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of US53.0
cents per ordinary share, providing a full-year dividend of
US70.0 cents per ordinary share. This 66.7% increase from the
US42.0 cents declared in the previous financial year reflects a
rise of the dividend payout ratio from 58.2% to 98.2%, a return
to its historic level.
Costs
For the financial year 2017, the gross profit margin of the Group
improved to 33.2%, from 31.4% in the financial year 2016. This
was mainly due to the change in product mix, a relatively
favourable cost environment and productivity gains. 
Our Business
The Group completed three strategic acquisitions during the
financial year 2017.
The acquisition of LeapFrog, a leading developer of educational
entertainment for children, was completed in April 2016.
LeapFrog is a strong educational toy brand, and its product
ranges complement those of VTech. The acquisition allows
VTech to offer the broadest portfolio of products that enhance
the education and development of children around the world,
and positions VTech for higher growth.
LeapFrog’s industry-leading content development, education,
product marketing, consumer insight and infrastructure
teams have been retained at its office in California, where they
continue to develop the curriculum-based educational content
for which the company is renowned. Its back-end operations
have been integrated into VTech’s global organisation.
Production has been consolidated, with the majority of
LeapFrog products now being manufactured in-house.
Combining VTech and LeapFrog products, the share of total
electronic learning products (ELPs) revenue from platform
products, including related software, increased to 23% in the
financial year 2017, from 16% in the previous financial year.
Standalone products continued their strong performance.
Growth was led by higher sales of core VTech infant, toddler
and preschool products. There was also a contribution
from LeapFrog standalone toys. This has reaffirmed VTech’s
leadership position in the industry. In the calendar year 2016,
VTech strengthened its position globally as the number one
supplier of electronic learning toys from infancy through
toddler and preschool 1.
In November 2016, the Group completed the acquisition of
Snom Technology GmbH (Snom, formerly known as Snom
Technology AG), a German company which is a pioneer in
Voice over IP (VoIP) phone development. There will be strong
synergies from combining Snom’s technical expertise and
well-established sales channels in Europe with VTech’s
engineering and manufacturing capabilities. This acquisition
will enable VTech to become a major player in the growing
market for VoIP phones. 
Group revenue is expected to be higher in the financial year 2018, with
sales increases across all three product lines.
Outlook
Group revenue is expected to be higher in the financial year
2018, with sales increases across all three product lines. The
trend in gross margin is more difficult to predict. There are likely
to be strong headwinds from foreign exchange movements.
Cost of materials is also expected to be higher. Meanwhile,
direct labour costs and manufacturing overheads as a
percentage of Group revenue are forecast to decrease slightly.
The growth in ELPs will be driven by higher sales of both
standalone and platform products. Standalone products will
be boosted by the expansion of the VTech baby, infant, toddler
and preschool lines, supported by the launch of more learning
toys under the LeapFrog brand. Growth in platform products
will be driven by the introduction of new platforms. The VTech
brand will see launches of new children’s communication
devices and Kidizoom® Smartwatch. For LeapFrog, the
new LeapPad™ Ultimate, a first tablet for children, will be
complemented by LeapFrog Epic™ (Academy edition), an
enhanced version of the tablet that caters to older children.
The LeapStart™ interactive learning platform will also expand.
Leveraging LeapFrog’s expertise in education further, the
Group plans to launch LeapFrog Academy™ in major
English-speaking countries in the second half of the calendar
year 2017. This is a subscription-based guided learning system
designed by educational experts. At launch, it will offer over
1,000 curriculum based activities for children aged 3 to 6 years.
TEL products are also expected to achieve growth in the
financial year 2018, with higher sales of commercial phones
and other telecommunication products. The acquisition of
Snom will be a key driver. Its strong brand and extensive sales
network, particularly in Europe, will accelerate the Group’s
introduction of new VoIP phones into this growing market.
The migration from traditional Public Switched Telephone
Network (PSTN) to VoIP telephony is supporting the much
wider adoption of CAT-iq (Cordless Advanced Technology –
internet and quality) handsets, particularly via major telecoms
operators. This will boost sales of CAT-iq products globally. The
strong momentum in VTech baby monitors will be maintained
through the introduction of the innovative new models and
increased product placements. Hotel phones and conference
phones will also continue their positive trend. Although sales of
residential phones will again decline, the pace will moderate as
VTech gains more shelf space with US retailers.
CMS is also positioned for growth. Sales are expected to rise
on the back of increasing orders from existing customers in
professional audio, hearables, industrial products, solid-state
lighting as well as medical and health products, offsetting
a further decline in switching mode power supplies. The
medical and health products category is expanding rapidly
and showing particular promise. To target the growing
opportunities, a new strategic business unit for medical and
health products has been set up. VTech began producing
entire diagnostic ultrasound systems for a Japanese customer
in the second half of the financial year 2017 and orders have
been ramping up for the financial year 2018. The Group is also
beginning to produce hearing aids for a European customer,
adding another product to this category. Contributing to
the overall momentum in CMS, there will be a full-year sales
contribution from the newly acquired high precision metal
parts business.
Finally, I wish to thank my fellow directors and our teams
around the world for their tremendously hard work in
successfully completing the three acquisitions and integrating
the businesses during the year. I also want to thank our
colleagues for their dedication and our business partners
for their valued support. With our strong commitment to
sustainability, VTech will continue to bring out innovative
products, increase market share, expand geographically and
strive for operational excellence to enhance shareholder value.
Allan Wong Chi Yun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16 May 2017