Letter to Shareholders I am pleased to report that VTech continued to implement its growth strategy in the financial year 2011, which enabled us to achieve record revenue.

I am pleased to report that VTech continued to implement its growth strategy in the financial year 2011, which enabled us to achieve record revenue.
In telecommunication (TEL) products, we maintained our leadership position in the US and expanded our presence in the rest of the world. In electronic learning products (ELPs), we successfully launched two new platform products in North America and parts of Europe, which has laid an important foundation for future growth. Contract manufacturing services (CMS) again outperformed the global electronic manufacturing services (EMS) market and delivered record revenue, as we benefited from the recovery in the global economy.
Our superior performance as a supplier also allowed us to gain new customers and additional business from existing customers in all regions.
Despite the solid growth in revenue, the profitability of the Group was affected by a significant increase in the cost of materials and labour. This was compounded with the appreciation of the Renminbi, higher promotional costs for new ELP launches and a change in product mix. These challenges notwithstanding, their impacts have been alleviated through operational efficiency gains, product design optimisation and other cost 
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2011 rose by 11.8% over the previous financial year to US$1,712.8 million. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company declined by 2.2% to US$202.0 million. The decline in profit was mainly attributable to the decrease in gross margin, as we faced higher costs of materials, rising labour costs, Renminbi appreciation, increased promotional expenses and a change in product mix during the financial year.
Basic earnings per share consequently decreased by 2.6% to US81.5 cents, compared to US83.7 cents in the financial year 2010. The Board of Directors (the Board) has proposed a final dividend of US62.0 cents per ordinary share. Together with the interim dividend of US16.0 cents per ordinary share, this gives a total dividend for the year of US78.0 cents per ordinary share, the same as the previous financial year.

In North America, which remains our largest market, higher sales of ELPs and CMS offset lower revenue from TEL products. For ELPs, sales of our platform products recorded strong growth during the financial year, driven by the successful launch of MobiGo and V.Reader.
Standalone products also delivered good sales increases, as our infant and pre-school products sold well. CMS posted the strongest growth in North America, as the economy recovered and we gained additional business from existing customers due to our customer 
All three product lines recorded revenue growth in Europe, despite the economic uncertainties in some countries. Sales of TEL products were boosted by increasing sales to existing customers. Standalone products, particularly the infant category and the Kidi line, led the growth in ELPs. CMS grew across all key product categories, as we secured more business from 
The Group continued to expand in Asia Pacific and other regions, mainly through increasing sales in Australia, Japan, Latin America and the Middle East. Our TEL products have made good inroads into the Asia Pacific market, where we increased our market share in Australia and ramped up orders for a Japanese customer. ELP sales grew modestly in this region during the financial year, led by Latin America and the Middle East. Our CMS sales also rose in Asia Pacific, driven by an increase in sales of 
The global economy is continuing its recovery, but the situation is fragile. Unemployment is high in most developed countries and the oil price remains elevated, which threatens to undermine consumer sentiment.
We are nonetheless planning for top line growth in the financial year 2012. Our product innovations, market leadership and growing reputation in the EMS industry position us well to achieve sales growth across 
Profitability, however, is difficult to gauge as we expect to face stronger headwind from rising costs. Cost of materials may rise further as commodity prices remain high and volatile. The disruption of the Japanese supply chain may also lead to a tightening of the supply of certain components, which may result in price escalation. Wages in China are forecast to rise further, while the appreciation of the Renminbi is likely to continue.
We will continue to exercise tight cost control and improve our productivity, striving to minimise margin impacts. Programmes are in place to speed up the automation of our processes and re-engineer our products for lower cost. In addition, we have taken appropriate actions to pass on certain cost increases to our customers. With our product innovations, efficient operations and economies of scale, we will remain competitive in our markets.

Even though the US cordless phone market is maturing, our goal is to deliver overall growth for TEL products in North America in the financial year 2012.
To achieve this, we will introduce feature-rich products at competitive prices to maintain our market lead in the US corded and cordless consumer phone market. Our new products include enhanced features, such as push-to-talk walkie-talkie capability for immediate communication throughout the house and HD audio for the clearest call experience. We have also revamped our successful Bluetooth line of products that allow consumers to connect their cellular phones to our cordless phones.
Tech s Hot Growth Companies 2010 VTech was ranked 8th on Bloomberg Businessweek s 2010 list of Tech s Hot Growth Companies . Most importantly, the Group is the only Hong Kong company to make the list.
No. 1 Global Manufacturer of Cordless Phones MZA Ltd, a UK based telecommunications and IT analyst firm, confirmed that VTech was the number one player in the global consumer cordless telephony market in the calendar year 2009, with 27% of market share * .
The small to medium sized business (SMB) phones offer the Group tremendous opportunity for growth. We have restructured our sales team to better align ourselves with distributors and value added resellers. At the same time, we will continue to launch new SMB products into the market. In the hospitality area, we have signed agreements with a number of leading hotel chains to supply corded and cordless phone systems for use in 
The outlook for our ELPs in North America continues to be positive. Our two new platform products, MobiGo and V.Reader, are selling well and we expect good contribution from both hardware and software sales. They will be joined by InnoTab"!, which will hit the shelves in Autumn. InnoTab is a multi-function educational tablet for children aged between four and nine years old. It combines interactive and animated reading, learning games, creative activities and a rich collection of internet 
Growth momentum for standalone products is expected to continue. In addition to new products to the existing infant and pre-school lines, a new line of interactive vehicles will be introduced to the infant range. Our grade school line of electronic learning aids will also be revamped with two new laptops, both with 
The global EMS market is forecast to register growth in the calendar year 2011 and we are confident that our CMS will again outperform the market. We foresee solid demand from all key product categories in North America, including professional audio equipment, commercial solid-state lighting, communications and industrial products. Over the years we have built a solid base of top tier customers in their industries. As their markets continue to expand, sustainable growth is expected for CMS. In addition, our customer focused approach, which ensures flexible and high quality service, has raised our profile. This has allowed us to sign up new accounts on a regular basis, adding to growth.
Since the beginning of the financial year 2012, CMS has started manufacturing FDA (Food and Drug Administration) approved products for customers in the US. This underscores our ability in producing sophisticated products in the medical equipment area.

The strong momentum behind our TEL products in Europe will continue in the financial year 2012, as we expect to gain more orders from existing customers while acquiring new ones.
Again, our R&D capability will give us an edge in both our existing and new product lines. We have developed proprietary technologies that allow digital video transmission up to nine frames per second over the Digital Enhanced Cordless Telecommunications (DECT) platform. This will be initially applied to our baby monitors, offering compelling performance at a breakthrough price. The products will be shipped to our customers this Summer. We are also developing a full range of VoIP corded and cordless phones to address the market for terminals connected to PABX (public access branch exchange) systems. In addition, sales of integrated access devices (IADs) will increase as we continue to expand our customer base.
With the full launch of MobiGo and Storio"! (the product name for V.Reader in Europe) in all of our key European markets, platform products will make a higher contribution to our ELP revenue in Europe in the financial year 2012. The strong momentum behind standalone products will continue, as we launch a new generation of Kidizoom Cameras, a product line that has sold very well in Europe. Our Kidi line of products will be augmented by the introduction of the KidiMiniz series and other new items. Furthermore, Eastern Europe has been a strong contributor to growth, and the trend is expected 
The prospects for our CMS in Europe look promising.
We will continue to see sales increases across the board.
Solar power inverters, a category we entered last year, are expected to see rapid growth in the financial year 2012. The revenue contribution from home appliances will also be significant. With the proliferation of Unified Communications, we expect further growth from 
Asia Pacific and Other Regions In Asia Pacific and Other Regions, our TEL products are expected to build on the strong performance in Australia and Japan. We are also expanding into other Asian countries such as Korea, to which products will be shipped in the middle of this calendar year. The strong momentum in other regions is expected to continue, as the businesses in the Latin America and the Middle East 
In ELPs, our main focus of attention will be China.
Development of new electronic learning and infant care channels, together with the re-structuring of our traditional toy channel, should increase our business in this market. A stream of new standalone products and a new generation of ELPs tailored for the China market will be launched during the financial year 2012. Elsewhere, we are planning for a good year-on-year growth for English language products shipped into Asia Pacific, led by Australia, as well as the Middle East.
For CMS, growth in these regions will be mainly generated from Japan. We will see sales increase for medical equipment, as our customer has started to gain market share following a new product launch. Since the beginning of the financial year 2012, the demand for handheld radiation detectors has risen sharply. This is a new product series being designed and produced by CMS for a Japanese customer. The volume of LED light bulbs will continue to increase, but price erosion will 
Looking further ahead, the development of the Chinese economy will create new growth opportunities for CMS. Firstly, we have received increasing requests from customers for direct delivery of products from our factory in China, to meet their rising domestic sales.
We are now planning to set up a dedicated operation to cater for this additional business. Secondly, many domestic Chinese companies have already reached the size and sophistication to outsource, giving rise to new 
To cater for business growth, CMS has added a new factory building to its Liaobu facilities in Dongguan. It will start operations in the third quarter of the financial year 2012 and will increase our manufacturing capacity by more than 40%.

I would like to express my thanks to our customers, suppliers, investors and business partners for their continued support. My gratitude also goes to our employees and my fellow directors for their hard work and dedication, which are the bedrock of VTech s success.
VTech is benefitting from its position as a leader in TEL products and ELPs, and its increasing presence in the EMS market. Our strategy of continuous innovation in product design, increasing market share, expanding geographically and maintaining excellence in operations is achieving results. We will seize every opportunity to grow our revenue in the current financial year while stepping up our effort to manage costs, thereby enhancing return to our shareholders.
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 31 May 2011 