Letter to Shareholders 
I am pleased to report that in our 35th anniversary year, VTech delivered record revenue for the second straight year amid 
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2012 increased by 4.2% over the previous financial year to US$1,784.5 million.
This was mainly due to higher revenue in North America and Europe, as both Electronic Learning Products (ELPs) and Contract Manufacturing Services (CMS) recorded growth in these two regions. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company declined by 5.0% to US$191.9 million. The decrease in profit was mainly attributable to higher input costs as well as lower revenue from Telecommunication (TEL) products. Basic earnings per share consequently decreased by 5.5% to US77.0 cents, compared to US81.5 cents in the financial year 2011.
The Board has proposed a final dividend of US60.0 cents per ordinary share. Together with the interim dividend of US16.0 cents per ordinary share, this gives a total dividend for the year of US76.0 cents per ordinary share. It represents a decrease of 2.6% over the previous financial year.

In the financial year 2012, rising input costs posed the biggest challenge to the Group. Raw material prices increased substantially, compounded by rising labour costs and Renminbi appreciation in China. To cope with this, we have raised prices, stepped up cost reduction and improved efficiency through increased automation and product optimisation. Although we were unable to offset the entire cost pressure during the year, we managed to mitigate it to a great extent. This will improve the Group s ability to achieve 
North America remains the largest market of the Group. In the financial year 2012, we achieved higher sales in ELPs and CMS in this region, offsetting slightly lower revenue from TEL products.
Sales of small to medium sized business (SMB) phones increased and compensated for part of the sales decline in residential phones. Hotel phones began to contribute to the top line following the first shipment in the second half of the financial year.
ELP revenue in North America was higher and sales via online retailers showed strong growth. Higher sales were attributable to the successful launch of the new platform product, InnoTab, while sales of standalone products were essentially flat. CMS revenue saw good growth in North America, driven by higher sales of professional audio equipment and internet phones for office use.
In Europe, revenue from TEL products was lower, as customers delayed orders in the second half. However, this was more than compensated by higher sales of ELPs and CMS. Both platform and standalone products delivered solid results for ELPs. In the platform area, InnoTab was launched in the UK, while Storio and MobiGo were rolled out in the other European markets. CMS saw higher sales, led by wireless headsets and professional audio equipment.
Revenue in Asia Pacific and other regions declined overall, mainly due to lower sales of TEL products. Our ELP sales in China grew strongly, albeit from a low base. CMS revenue in Asia Pacific was broadly flat, as higher sales of medical and wireless products were offset by significantly lower orders for LED light bulbs, as our Japanese customer faced very keen competition.

Although the macro-economic environment remains challenging, we are seeing a slow but continuous recovery in the US. In Europe, consumer demand is affected by austerity measures and the 
Despite all these challenges, we are planning for overall top line growth in the financial year 2013. Sales of our TEL products will rebound, driven by additional placement in retail channels in the US, increasing sales of SMB and hotel phones and restocking in Europe. ELPs are expected to grow, led by the launch of new platform and standalone products. CMS will continue to outperform the global electronic manufacturing services (EMS) industry and expand further.
With the anticipated growth in our top line, we are cautiously optimistic that profitability will improve. Lower prices of raw materials are beginning to feed into margin. Profitability will also be supported by the efficiency enhancement measures that we pushed hard in the last financial year, including higher automation and product design optimisation. However, we expect the labour cost in China will continue to rise. As always, we will continue to manage our expenses very tightly.
We foresee a rebound for our TEL products in the financial year 2013. As the world s number one manufacturer of cordless phones 1 , our strong design capabilities, economies of scale and brand reputation will further strengthen our leadership position.
In North America, we expect the good momentum of SMB and hotel phones to continue. In the first half of the financial year 2013, we plan to launch a new micro business phone system that will add further impetus. Sales of our residential phones are expected to recover, as we gain market share via new product line ups. These include a new Connect to Cell"! system with high definition voice quality, user-friendly cell phone registration as well as smartphone apps to better manage the transfer of phonebooks to our cordless system. They have been well-received by our customers.
In Europe, the prospect for TEL products is positive as customers will restock in the first half. Gains in market share are also expected as we plan to market our products in Germany more aggressively, in conjunction with our exclusive partner Deutsche Telekom.
In Asia Pacific and other regions, we expect to return to a growth path in TEL products, as we make more inroads in Australia, and build on the encouraging progress we have made in Latin America.
Although the retail environment in Europe remains challenging, healthy growth for our ELPs is expected for the financial year 2013.
In North America, platform products will lead the way. InnoTab has strong momentum and it is going to be refreshed with new versions, offering new and innovative features. We will also expand the range of content in both cartridge and downloadable formats.
In addition, a new generation of MobiGo with new functionalities will lend further impetus to platform products. We will start to roll out a new line of standalone products, Switch & Go Dinos"!, in North America in May 2012, branching out beyond the learning aisle and adding a new avenue of growth for our 
In Europe, we expect a continuation of the good performances from Storio and MobiGo. This will be augmented by the introduction of Storio 2, a multi-function educational tablet for children. As in the US, InnoTab in UK will also be updated with a new version. For standalone products, the Toot-Toot Drivers range should again perform well and there will be a full year contribution from Switch & Go Dinos, which has been on retail shelves in Europe since February 2012. The momentum we have seen for our standalone products in Asia Pacific and the rest of the world is expected to continue.
Globally, we expect further expansion of ELP sales via online retailers, as we increase our focus on these channels.
The global EMS market is forecast to grow modestly in 2012 and our CMS will continue to outperform the industry. The new factory building we opened at our existing site in November 2011 has increased capacity by 40%. The enhanced manufacturing facility is enabling us to support customers who target domestic sales in China. The new set-up will also allow us to manufacture sophisticated products with stringent safety and quality requirements, including those requiring FDA (the US Food and Drug Administration) approval. This will further expand our portfolio of products in the medical and health care areas.
We expect to continue to add customers in the professional audio segment as our reputation grows. We will also benefit from further consolidation of the supplier base by our wireless headset customer. Business in switching mode power supplies should stabilise, though the market for solar power inverters may remain 
Marine radios, a new product category we added in the financial year 2012, will see rapid growth over the next two years as our customer transfers more production to us. Growth in commercial solid-state lighting will offset an anticipated further decline in consumer LED light bulbs.

I wish to thank all my staff and senior management for their dedication and effort, which is crucial to our success. My thanks are also extended to our fellow directors, shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continued support.
We have proven strengths in product development, a strong balance sheet, market leadership position and efficient operations.
This should enable us to achieve further growth in revenue and hence deliver sustainable returns to shareholders.
Allan WONG Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 23 May 2012 