Letter to Shareholders 
VTech delivered solid results in the financial year 2013, reporting record revenue and profit growth despite a challenging economic environment.
This performance demonstrates the fundamental strength of the Group, which has the ability to grow sales and increase its market leadership despite a difficult market environment.
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2013 increased by 4.1% to US$1,858.0 million. The growth was driven by higher revenue in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific, which offset lower revenue in Other Regions.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company rose by 5.4% to US$202.3 million, with the Group s net profit margin largely consistent with that of the last financial year. Basic earnings per share increased by 5.1% to US80.9 cents, compared to US77.0 cents in the last financial year.
The Board of Directors (the Board) has proposed a final dividend of US64.0 cents per ordinary share. Together with the interim dividend of US16.0 cents per ordinary share, this will result in a full-year dividend of US80.0 cents per ordinary share, against US76.0 cents per ordinary share in the last financial year, an increase of 5.3%.
Costs and Operations In the financial year 2013, the Group benefited from lower cost of materials due to sluggish global demand. However, this was offset by higher labour costs and manufacturing overheads in China, as recruitment and retention of workers became more challenging. During the financial year, we not only raised workers compensation and benefits, but also increased our investment in improving their working and living environment.

There were a number of key developments in our business during the financial year 2013 that demonstrate how we have been responding to market opportunities. These will have a positive impact on the Group s longer-term growth prospects.
The Group s product mix and sales mix have been evolving.
In the financial year 2013, electronic learning products (ELPs) grew to become our largest product line, representing 39.3% of Group revenue. The Group s sales via e-tailers and our websites are expanding rapidly. Sales of the download content from our app store, Learning Lodge TM , increased fivefold in the financial year 2013, albeit from a low base.
In telecommunication (TEL) products, sales of non-residential- phone products increased in the financial year 2013 despite lower sales of residential phones, rising to approximately 12% of total TEL products revenue, from approximately 8% in the financial year 2012. These products consist of baby monitors, integrated access devices (IADs), small to medium sized business (SMB) phones, connected home TM devices, cordless headsets and hotel phones.
Our ELPs performed well in the financial year 2013. Despite the decline of the toy market in the US and Europe, ELPs revenue grew by 11.3% as compared with the last financial year. In the calendar year 2012, we became the largest infant toy manufacturer in our main European markets 1 . Furthermore, Storio 2 was the number one selling item by retail value in the top five European toy markets 2 . This demonstrates our excellence in product development, and our ability to build a strong brand presence.
The financial year 2013 marked the eleventh straight year of sales growth at our contract manufacturing services (CMS).
It shows the soundness of our strategy to focus on medium- sized companies that are leaders in their industries. With its strong reputation and expertise in certain product categories, CMS once again outperformed the global EMS (electronic manufacturing services) market as we continued to add new customers and expand geographically. A notable success was achieving double-digit sales growth in Europe despite the economic difficulties on the continent.

VTech will build on its strong fundamentals, with a strategy centring on its four growth drivers of product innovation, gains in market share, geographic expansion and operational excellence, to drive sustainable growth.

Innovative products will remain the key to expanding our sales in all regions and across product lines.
In TEL products, we launched the world s first home entrance monitoring system, combining a versatile cordless phone with a digital video door bell, in the US in April 2013. This innovation shows that VTech is once again pioneering market breakthroughs with its proprietary Video on DECT TM technology. In addition, we will expand the well-received CareLine TM , our home safety telephone system for seniors.
We are also developing our first wireless conferencing system featuring proprietary acoustic technology, which will be available by the end of the current financial year. In Europe, SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) phones for commercial use will be launched by September 2013. Other new products in the pipeline include a range of new applications based on the DECT ULE (ultra low energy) platform. Internationally, we are planning to launch enhanced versions of our video baby monitors and new hotel phones.
VTech s strategy for ELPs is to apply the latest proven technology to innovative educational toys that help kids learn and develop through fun and smart play. Our lineup of children s educational tablets will be upgraded to a new generation in 2013, offering advanced functionalities and rich learning experience to children between 1 and 9 years old.
By the end of the calendar year 2013, our worldwide software library will comprise close to 70 cartridges and over 1,000 apps in five languages, offering a wide variety of age-appropriate content, from e-books and learning games to music, videos and creative activities. We will continue to introduce innovative products to our core infant and preschool lines. A new generation of Kidizoom, our market leading line of children s digital cameras, will be launched. Beyond the learning aisle, our successful Switch & Go Dinos and Go! Go! Smart Wheels TM lines will be expanded with more dinos, vehicles and play sets.
Products mean services at CMS and innovation in service is how we keep our customer base growing. With a stringent quality management system and experienced staff, CMS has the expertise to produce, optimise and successfully launch products for different markets. In addition to its recognised strength in DFM (Design for Manufacturing) and flexibility in services, our CMS has the unique manufacturing know- how in certain product categories that has made it a market leader. Our dedicated manufacturing facility was an important investment that has helped customers to reduce logistics and customs clearance costs when distributing their products in China. The many customer service and product quality awards we received demonstrate how successful CMS is in meeting 
Gains in Market Share Despite a challenging economic environment, VTech will continue to gain market share across product lines.
VTech is the world s number one manufacturer of cordless telephones, with leadership in both the US and Western Europe 3 .
In the US, our TEL products are benefiting from a new round of consolidation in the cordless phone market. This is resulting in more shelf space that will support further market share gains in the financial year 2014. In Europe, gains will be driven by collaboration with our ODM partners as we bring them feature- rich products of superior design at competitive prices.
VTech is the largest supplier of ELPs from infancy to preschool in the US and Western Europe 4 , a position we have achieved through our commitment to product innovation. Last year, VTech has an enviable track record in product development, a strong balance sheet, market leadership position and efficient operations. The solid, executable plans we have in place should enable us to seize growth opportunities and generate higher returns for shareholders.
we became the largest infant toy manufacturer in our main European markets 5 . The new products we plan to launch in the financial year 2014 will allow us to strengthen our market leadership in the core learning area and beyond.
CMS will continue to increase its market share globally. Our quality products, service excellence and strong reputation are enabling us to increase sales to existing customers and add new customers. According to Manufacturing Market Insider, VTech CMS ranked 27th among the world s top 50 EMS providers in the calendar year 2012, up from 29th in calendar year 2010 and 37th in calendar year 2009.

Our strategy of growing outside our core North American and European markets, where we already enjoy leadership positions, is making inroads gradually. It offers tremendous growth potential, as Asia Pacific and Other Regions accounted for less than 10% of total Group revenue in the financial year 2013. In Asia Pacific, China will continue to be our focus. We are also increasing our presence in Australia, our largest market in the region, and Japan. Our efforts in Other Regions will centre on key markets in Latin America and the Middle East.

The ability to offer innovative, feature-rich products at affordable prices underpins VTech s success. Rising labour costs, together with higher manufacturing overheads, will pose continual challenges to the Group in the financial year 2014.
VTech will continue to mitigate cost pressure through further automation, product optimisation and process improvement.
As always, we will manage our operating cost diligently and maintain a lean company structure.

The macro-economic environment will remain challenging in the financial year 2014. The US economic recovery is expected to continue, but it is likely to remain slow. In Europe, the picture is mixed and uncertain.
Despite these challenges, we are optimistic of achieving revenue growth across all product lines in the financial year 2014. Material costs are forecast to be steady, while labour costs and manufacturing overheads are expected to increase further.
With efficiency gains through higher automation, product optimisation and process improvement, gross profit margin is expected to remain stable.
The growth in TEL products is expected to be driven by market consolidation in the US, and higher sales in Asia Pacific and Other Regions. The prospect for Europe, however, remains uncertain. Revenue growth in ELPs will be supported by a strong base of continued products, as well as new platform and standalone products to be launched worldwide. A special focus for this financial year is to drive a strong increase in sales of our software cartridges and download apps. The increase in CMS revenue will be driven by new customers, while business with existing customers will remain stable. CMS will continue to expand in Japan and Germany, while adding the new business area of testing and measurement equipment.
In closing, I wish to extend my appreciation to all our employees worldwide for their loyalty and hard work during the year, to our fellow directors for their sound contribution, and to our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their 
VTech has an enviable track record in product development, a strong balance sheet, market leadership position and efficient operations. The solid, executable plans we have in place should enable us to seize growth opportunities and generate higher returns for shareholders.
Allan Wong Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 15 May 2013 