Letter to Shareholders In the financial year 2015, VTech continued its drive for product innovation and expanded its presence in existing and new markets, while continuing to raise levels of productivity.

In the financial year 2015, VTech continued its drive for product innovation and expanded its presence in existing and new markets, while continuing to raise levels of productivity.
Telecommunication (TEL) prod ucts returned to growth and contract manufacturing services (CMS) again performed well.
However, electronic learning products (ELPs) faced challenges in the children s tablet market, affecting the Group s revenue 
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2015 declined by 1.0% to US$1,879.8 million. The decrease was mainly due to lower revenue in North America, which offset higher revenue in Europe, Asia Pacific and Other Regions.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company decreased by 2.8% to US$198.1 million, as gross profit declined because of a change in product mix and the weaker-than-expected performance of children s educational tablets. Basic earnings per share fell by 3.0% to US78.9 cents, compared to US81.3 cents in the previous financial year.
The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of US61.0 cents per ordinary share, providing a full-year dividend of US78.0 cents per ordinary share, a 2.5% decrease over the US80.0 cents per ordinary share declared in the financial year 2014.
Costs and Operations Cost of materials remained largely unchanged in the financial year 2015 and a weakening of the Renminbi against the US dollar helped reduce costs. Despite wage inflation in China, labour costs and manufacturing overheads were also slightly lower as the Group continued to improve productivity through automation, process improvement and product optimisation. As a result, in the financial year 2015, the number of workers fell by a further 4.7% over the previous financial year. Despite these positive factors, the Group s gross margin declined year-on-year due to a change in product mix and the weaker-than-expected performance of children s educational tablets, which resulted in higher-than-anticipated trade allowances and increased stock provision.

In the financial year 2015, ELPs remained the largest product line of the Group, followed by TEL products and CMS.
Overall sales of the Group via e-tailers have continued to grow, although sales of content downloaded from VTech s app store, Learning Lodge"!, were affected by the lower sales of children s educational tablets and posted a decline.
The financial year 2015 was a challenging one for ELPs. In North America and Europe, holiday sales of children s educational tablets were lower than anticipated. This was due to higher- than-expected channel inventory, intensified competition and the overall contraction of the market. In addition, the strength of the US dollar against other currencies negatively impacted the reported revenue of ELPs.
Despite the difficult environment, there were a number of notable successes. In the calendar year 2014, InnoTabStorio regained the number one position among all toys in the top five European markets, while retaining its position as the best- selling children s educational tablet in Europe 1 . The Group launched Kidizoom Smartwatch, the world s first children s smartwatch with a built-in camera, which turned in a strong 
In contrast to children s educational tablets, standalone products recorded growth in sales, with the Go! Go! Smart family of infant vehicles and playsets performing particularly well. In the calendar year 2014, VTech strengthened its position as the number one infant toy manufacturer in France, the UK and Germany, while becoming the largest infant toy manufacturer in Spain 2 . In the US, VTech became the number one manufacturer in Infant and Preschool Electronic Learning toys 3 . In the financial year 2015, standalone products accounted for approximately 77% of total ELPs revenue, while platform products accounted for about 23%, as compared to approximately 68% and 32% respectively in the financial year 2014. This decline in the share of revenue from platform products was mainly due to lower sales of children s 
TEL products revenue returned to a growth path in the financial year 2015. All regions recorded increased sales, which were driven by market share gains in residential phones and higher sales of commercial phones and other telecommunication products. In residential phones, VTech strengthened its position as the number one cordless phone manufacturer globally, gaining market share in North America, Asia Pacific and Other Regions, while market share in Europe held steady 4 .
In commercial phones and other telecommunication products, baby monitors saw a particularly strong performance. This came as the Group expanded its distribution channels to increase market presence, while major retailers in the US moved to replace the older analogue models on the market with VTech digital baby monitors. Within this category, video baby monitors sold especially well. In commercial phones, shipment of ErisStation"!, the Group s first conference phone with wireless microphones, and ErisTerminal"!, its SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) phone systems, generated incremental sales. In the financial year 2015, commercial phones and other telecommunication products grew to approximately 19% of total TEL products revenue, compared to around 14% in the previous financial year.
CMS marked its 13th consecutive year of growth in the financial year 2015, once again outperforming the global EMS market 5 . Growth in wireless products was robust, while there were good sales increases in switching mode power supplies, home appliances and solid-state lighting. A strong reputation, expertise in certain product categories and excellent customer service have enabled VTech consistently to grow with existing customers while adding new ones. This in turn has allowed the Group to expand into new product categories such as wearable and smart hearable devices. In the financial year 2015, professional audio equipment, wireless products, switching mode power supplies and solid-state lighting remained the top four product categories for CMS.

The Group s proven strategy focuses on four main areas: product innovation, market share gains, geographic expansion and operational excellence.

Product innovation is the key to VTech staying ahead of the competition in fast-changing markets.
With regard to ELPs, the Group has a strong pipeline of products. In standalone products, the successful Go! Go! Smart family is being expanded through the introduction of different themes, more vehicles and more playsets. In the US, Go! Go! Smart Friends, which was launched exclusively with Toys R Us last year, will be introduced nationwide in the calendar year 2015. VTech will also enter new aisles by launching new categories of product. The global launch of Flipsies"!, a range of transformable dolls and playsets, will enable the Group to penetrate into the girl aisle. VTech is also successfully breaking into the dolls aisle with a range of interactive dolls, branded Little Love in Europe and Baby Amaze"! in the US, which was first launched in the European markets in June 2014. Kidizoom Action Cam, the latest addition to VTech s range of cameras for children, will also be launched globally in the calendar year 2015. For core learning products, VTech will continue to broaden and refresh its product portfolio, adding over 100 new 
The Group s proven strategy focuses on four main areas: product innovation, market share gains, geographic expansion and operational excellence.
2 Source: NPD Group, Retail Tracking Service 3 Source: NPD Group, Retail Tracking Service. Ranking based on total retail sales in the combined toy categories of infant electronic learning, other infant toys and preschool electronic learning for the 12 months ending December 2014 4 Source: MZA Ltd, 2015 5 Source: Manufacturing Market Insider, March 2015 The portfolio of platform products will become more diversified. The Group will build on the success of Kidizoom Smartwatch to roll out a new generation of this popular product. The calendar year 2015 will also see the launch of new innovative platform products. Despite recent challenges, VTech intends to stay in the children s tablet market as it remains a sizeable business around the world. Market research shows that parents are still looking for VTech tablets, as they are specifically designed for children, with content that is both educational and engaging. The Group will focus on bringing out tablet products that are even more compelling for both children and their parents.
In TEL products, commercial phones and other telecommunication products will continue to be the growth drivers. New models will be introduced for ErisTerminal and ErisStation to complete a full product range for VTech SIP phone systems and conference phones. The highly successful baby monitor range will be expanded with new video models boasting a bigger screen, as well as Wi-Fi enabled devices.
The Group is also planning to enter the Smart Home arena by launching a range of wireless monitoring devices based on the ULE (Ultra Low Energy) standard. These products include specially designed, ULE enabled cordless phones, IP hubs, baby monitors and a high-definition Wi-Fi camera, which wirelessly connect to a range of ULE controls and sensors.
In residential phones, the Group will continue to launch feature-rich products with superior design to strengthen its global leadership in cordless phones.
VTech CMS enjoys an enviable reputation for service and expertise in certain product categories. Supported by a stringent quality control system and an experienced management team, the Group will continue to innovate in the area of Design for Manufacture (DFM), delivering flexible service and high quality products. Competence in handling low to medium volumes and a high mix of different products enables VTech to grow with new customers from a small base, which is an important factor in the continuous growth of CMS.
Gains in Market Share In addition to developing a steady stream of innovative products and breaking into new product categories, VTech strives to increase market share through improving services and increasing its efforts in sales and marketing.
In the calendar year 2014, VTech gained market share and reaffirmed its position as the number one cordless phone manufacturer worldwide 6 . The Group also strengthened its position as the global leader in ELPs from infancy to preschool 7 . VTech CMS continued to be one of the world s top 50 EMS providers 8 .

As markets outside North America and Europe currently account for less than 10% of Group revenue, VTech will put more emphasis on expanding in Asia Pacific and Other Regions.
In Asia Pacific, the Group will focus on increasing its presence in China and Australia, where its products have been well received. Recently, VTech has established its own sales office for ELPs in Australia, aiming to drive growth by providing better support to its retailer customers and increasing sales and marketing efforts. The Group has also started selling residential phones under the VTech brand in Australia, following the expiry of the licensing agreement with Telstra in December 2014.
The Group will step up its efforts to extend its reach into Japan and Korea. In Other Regions, selected markets in Latin America and the Middle East will continue to be developed.

Operational excellence is crucial for raising competitiveness and driving profitable growth. As wages in China continue to rise and recruitment becomes more difficult, VTech will increase automation by deploying more standard and in-house custom-made machines. Together with continuous process improvement and the optimisation of products for manufacturing, this will allow the Group to reduce the number of workers further while increasing output.

The US economy continues its moderate recovery. However, the prospects for Europe are uncertain and quantitative easing by the European Central Bank has already led to a significant depreciation of the Euro, which will have a negative impact on our European revenue.
Despite a mixed picture, the Group is planning for a modest revenue increase in the financial year 2016.
The business of ELPs is expected to be stable. Sales of platform products are forecast to decline, as the children s tablet market remains challenging. The sales contribution of children s 6 Source: MZA Ltd, 2015 7 Source: MarketWise Consumer Insights, LLC and NPD Group Retail Tracking Service.
Ranking based on 2014 total estimated annual retail sales in the combined toy categories of infant electronic learning and preschool electronic learning 8 Source: Manufacturing Market Insider, March 2015 VTech has a culture rooted in innovation and technology. Our market leadership, R&D capability, strong balance sheet and operational efficiency differentiate us from our competitors.
We will continue to bring out innovative products, increase market share, expand geographically and strive for operational excellence to generate sustainable returns for shareholders.
educational tablets will become smaller year-on-year, while Kidizoom Smartwatch will continue to grow. Furthermore, new innovative platform products will contribute additional revenue streams. Standalone products are forecast to grow, bolstered by the expansion of the Go! Go! Smart family, nationwide distribution of Go! Go! Smart Friends in the US and the launch of Kidizoom Action Cam and Flipsies worldwide. Extension of the Little LoveBaby Amaze line will enable VTech to increase its presence in the dolls category in Europe, while winning shelf space in the US. The new core infant and preschool learning products will strengthen the Group s leadership position in 
TEL products are expected to maintain their positive sales trend, led by commercial phones and other telecommunication products. In commercial phones, the Group will benefit from the full deployment of CAT-iq (Cordless Advanced Technology - internet and quality) handsets in major European countries such as France, Germany and Switzerland. The introduction of the new conference phones and SIP phone models will further stimulate growth. VTech is also stepping up its efforts on the interoperability of its SIP based products with Network Operators, which will boost market presence further. Higher sales of other telecommunication products will come from the strong momentum of baby monitors, as sales channels are expanded and further new products introduced. The global launch of the wireless monitoring system will add incremental sales. Despite the continued decline of the overall fixed-line telephone market, sales of VTech residential phones are forecast to be stable as the Group is maintaining its leading position in North America and Europe, while growing its market share in Asia Pacific and Other Regions.
Sales of CMS are expected to increase. Professional audio equipment is on track to return to a growth path. The customer who faced excess inventory has worked through the issue and intends to increase orders. Business with other professional audio customers will grow, as VTech secures more projects owing to its service excellence. The Group also added new clients in professional audio equipment in the last financial year, who will ramp up orders gradually in this financial year.
Wireless headsets will achieve further growth as existing customers launch new products. VTech s strong reputation in the wireless product area enables the Group to enter new product categories, such as smart hearable and wearable devices. Business from solid-state lighting will remain stable.
In contrast, the change of ownership of a customer in switching mode power supplies creates uncertainty. To cope with the growth, a new factory building has been built for CMS. It will commence operations in July 2015, increasing manufacturing capacity by 25%.
On gross margin, the Group does not anticipate any improvement year-on-year against the backdrop of the strong US dollar. Cost of materials is expected to be stable and the Renminbi to remain in a narrow range. Labour costs and manufacturing overheads in China will rise further. The Group will continue to offset these cost increases through automation, process improvement and product optimisation.
In closing, I would like to thank all my colleagues for their dedication and hard work over the past year, my fellow directors for their counsel and all shareholders, customers and suppliers for their support. VTech has a culture rooted in innovation and technology. Our market leadership, R&D capability, strong balance sheet and operational efficiency differentiate us from our competitors. We will continue to bring out innovative products, increase market share, expand geographically and strive for operational excellence to generate sustainable returns for shareholders.
Allan Wong Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 19 May 2015 