Letter to Shareholders 
VTech experienced a challenging environment in the financial year 2016, resulting in a decrease in revenue and profitability.
The strong US dollar depressed the Group s reported revenue, while the weak economy in Europe affected sales in that region. In addition, the data breach due to the cyber-attack on VTech s Learning Lodge in November 2015 added to the decline in sales and profitability. Looking at the Group s product lines, strength in standalone electronic learning products, commercial phones, other telecommunication products and contract manufacturing services was offset by weakness in platform products and residential phones.
In April 2016 the Group completed the acquisition of LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc., a leading developer of educational entertainment for children, paving the way for future growth in electronic learning products.
Results and Dividend Group revenue for the year ended 31 March 2016 decreased by 1.2% to US$1,856.5 million. The decrease was due to lower revenue in North America and Europe, which offset higher revenue in Asia Pacific and Other Regions.
Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company decreased by 8.4% to US$181.4 million. This fall in profit was partly attributable to the decline in gross profit margin, which resulted from unfavourable currency movements and a change in product mix. Profitability was also impacted by higher administrative and other operating expenses, which included a provision and expenses related to the cyber-attack on the Learning Lodge app store.
Basic earnings per share fell by 8.5% to US72.2 cents, compared to US78.9 cents in the previous financial year.
The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of US25.0 cents per ordinary share, providing a full-year dividend of US42.0 cents per ordinary share, a 46.2% decrease from the US78.0 cents per ordinary share declared in the previous financial year. This represents a reduction of the dividend payout ratio to 58.2%, from 98.9% in the financial year 2015, in order to fund the acquisition of LeapFrog. It also reflects the year-on-year decline of basic earnings per share.

Costs presented a mixed picture in the financial year 2016 and the gross profit margin declined year-on-year, largely because of strong headwinds from foreign exchange movements and a change in product mix. Because of these factors, cost of material as a percentage of Group revenue was higher, even though material costs decreased slightly from the previous financial year.
Direct labour costs declined as VTech improved productivity further, reducing the number of workers by 9.9% year-on-year.
This was achieved through automation, process improvement and product optimisation. Manufacturing overhead increased, however, owing to wage inflation in mainland China and the opening of additional CMS manufacturing facilities in July 2015.
Data Breach due to Cyber-attack The financial year 2016 results were affected by the data breach which occurred as a result of a cyber-attack on VTech s databases in November 2015. During the cyber-attack, an unauthorised party accessed databases containing personal information from users of Learning Lodge, the PlanetVTech website and Kid Connect service. In total over five million parent accounts and related child profiles were affected, though no credit card or other financial information was involved. VTech immediately took steps to suspend all affected websites and services, inform customers and report the incident to the authorities. As a result, Learning Lodge was offline for several weeks during the key holiday period.
In April 2016 the Group completed the acquisition of LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc., a leading developer of educational entertainment for children, paving the way for future growth in electronic learning products.
VTech is strongly committed to protecting customers data.
With the assistance of one of the world s leading cyber security teams, the Group has taken steps to strengthen data protection on Learning Lodge and its connected services. The Group has also worked with law enforcement agencies to recover the stolen customer data and to ensure that copies of the information that were disseminated to two other parties (a journalist and a cyber security consultant) have been destroyed or taken off-line, held securely and not disseminated further.

In the financial year 2016, electronic learning products (ELPs) remained the largest product line of the Group, followed by telecommunication (TEL) products and contract manufacturing 
Sales via e-tailers and other online channels have continued to grow. Revenue from content downloaded from Learning Lodge declined, however, affected by lower sales of children s educational tablets and by the effects of the cyber-attack.
The financial year 2016 posed challenges for VTech s ELPs business. The strong US dollar depressed reported revenue.
Globally, sales of children s educational tablets continued to fall owing to keen competition and a contraction in the market.
The cyber-attack on Learning Lodge added to the decline in sales, though the sales of Kidizoom Smartwatch continued to be strong globally. As a result, the share of ELPs revenue from platform products, including related software, fell to about 16% of total ELPs revenue in the financial year 2016, as compared to approximately 23% in the financial year 2015.
Faced with these challenges, VTech s ELPs continued to gain market share. Globally, VTech consolidated its position as the number one supplier of electronic learning toys from infancy through toddler and preschool 1 . Geographically, ELPs achieved notable overall sales growth in Australia, China and Japan. In contrast to platform products, sales of standalone products posted good growth, with their share of ELPs revenue rising to about 84% from approximately 77% in the previous financial year. Among them, the core infant and toddler lines, as well as the Go! Go! Smart family of products, did particularly well. Adding to the momentum, Kidizoom Action Cam was successfully launched globally. These successes enabled VTech to increase market share further and strengthen its market position. The Group remained the number one infant and toddler toys manufacturer in France, the UK and Germany 2 , while in the US it was the number one supplier of electronic learning toys from infancy through toddler and preschool in the calendar year 2015 3 .
TEL products faced a difficult market environment for residential phones in the financial year 2016. The fixed-line telephone market has continued to shrink globally, a situation that was compounded by the strong US dollar, which affected sales outside the US. As a result, the revenue from residential phones dropped by 19.4% year-on-year.
1 Source: NPD Group, Retail Tracking Service and Global Market Share Estimates by MarketWise Consumer Insights, LLC. Ranking based on total retail sales in the combined toy categories of Toddler Electronic Learning, Toddler Figures, Playsets and Accessories, Preschool Electronic Learning, Electronic Entertainment excluding Tablets and Walkers for the 12 months ending December 2015 2 Source: NPD Group, Retail Tracking Service 3 Source: NPD Group, Retail Tracking Service. Ranking based on total retail sales in the combined toy categories of Toddler Electronic Learning, Toddler Figures, Playsets and Accessories, Preschool Electronic Learning, Electronic Entertainment excluding Tablets and Walkers for the 12 months ending December 2015 The weakness in residential phones was partially offset by the continued growth of commercial phones and other telecommunication products. Together, they represented about 27% of total TEL products revenue in the financial year 2016, against approximately 19% in the last financial year. Baby monitors performed particularly well, as VTech gained market share by expanding its distribution channels and extending its geographic reach. The Group also benefited from the further roll out of CAT-iq handsets in France, Germany and Switzerland by the major telecommunication companies, while both ErisStation, a conference phone with wireless microphones, and ErisTerminal, a SIP (Session Initiation Protocol) based business phone system, achieved steady growth.
CMS performed well in the financial year 2016, achieving its 14th consecutive year of growth and once again outperforming the global EMS market. Professional audio equipment, hearables, switching mode power supplies and industrial products were the leading product categories.
These, together with home appliances, registered sales increases, which offset declines in solid-state lighting, communication products and medical and health products.
Sales grew in all four geographical regions.
The good performance from CMS was the result of VTech s ability to attract new customers while securing more orders from existing customers. This in turn reflects the Group s strong reputation, expertise in certain product categories and excellent customer service. The new manufacturing building for CMS that commenced operations in July 2015 has increased capacity by 25% to accommodate future demand.
Acquisition of LeapFrog On 4 April 2016 VTech completed the acquisition of LeapFrog Enterprises, Inc. (LeapFrog), with the result that it became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of VTech. The acquisition was effected by way of a tender offer that had been announced in February 2016. The consideration was approximately US$72 million and the acquisition was financed through internal resources.
LeapFrog is a strong educational toy brand, and complements VTech in geographical strength, product mix, skill sets and operations. VTech is stronger in Europe, while LeapFrog is more US focused. VTech performs well in standalone products, while LeapFrog s platform products are stronger in the US, Canada, the UK and Australia. VTech excels in technology and engineering, whereas LeapFrog has an edge in content development, backed by a strong education team. VTech s manufacturing is done predominantly in its own factories, while LeapFrog out-sourced its entire manufacturing. The Group will make it a priority to consolidate and streamline both companies back-end operations, including logistics and manufacturing. This presents opportunities for improving the overall cost structure of the combined company. The acquisition will allow VTech to offer the broadest portfolio of products that enhance the education and development of children around the world.

Despite a strong US dollar and slow economic growth in both the US and Europe, management expects the Group s revenue to be higher in the financial year 2017. Profitability, however, will be impacted by the integration of LeapFrog, which will make a negative contribution during the financial year 2017.
ELPs revenue is forecast to grow due to a number of positive factors. The acquisition of LeapFrog will result in an immediate sales contribution. Sales of VTech branded standalone products are expected to increase further. The successful baby line and Go! Go! Smart Wheels will be expanded, while the award- winning Go! Go! Smart Friends will see the introduction of a princess-themed line that combines traditional role-play with cutting-edge technology, providing a multi-sensory learning experience. The Little LoveBaby Amaze TM ranges will see more products added to take advantage of good demand. New core infant, toddler and preschool products will also be launched.
This will be augmented by the introduction of several new LeapFrog branded learning toys. Geographically, VTech s ELPs sales in China and Australia will grow further, supported by increased sales and marketing efforts, new product launches and the continued growth of online sales.
With the addition of LeapFrog branded products, the combined platform product business will see growth. In the VTech branded line, Touch & Learn Activity Desk TM Deluxe, a three-in-one learning desk designed for children aged between two and five, will be launched globally during the calendar year 2016. The handy communication device for children DigiGo, which was well received following its launch in Europe in late September 2015, will be rolled out to the US market this year. Similarly, the Group s key European Despite a strong US dollar and slow economic growth in both the US and Europe, management expects the Group s revenue to be higher in the financial year 2017.
markets will start to launch Kidizoom Smartwatch DX later this year following the successful debut in the US. For the LeapFrog branded line, a new multi-activity learning platform will be launched and will contribute to the overall platform product business. The combined VTech and LeapFrog tablet offerings will give the Group a strong presence in the children s educational tablet category.
The TEL products business is expected to improve, buoyed by higher sales of commercial phones and other telecommunication products. Global product launches, new sales channels and geographic expansion will help to maintain the momentum in baby monitors. Sales of CAT-iq handsets will continue to increase based on the shift from PSTN (Public Switched Telephone Networks) to VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) technology. ErisTerminal is gaining customer acceptance and market attention. New models with enhanced features will be rolled out to the US market in the second half of this financial year, while VTech has recently secured a significant new project in Korea. ErisStation will benefit from wider distribution and new SIP-based models designed for large conference rooms that will be introduced in the US market. The Group s wireless monitoring system based on the ULE (Ultra Low Energy) standard will add incremental sales.
The decline in sales of residential phones is expected to moderate. In the US, the Group aims to capture more market share by growing online sales and introducing new products with enhanced Connect to Cell features. In Europe, the business is expected to stabilise, while higher sales in Australia and Japan will support growth in Asia Pacific.
Higher sales are forecast for CMS. Professional audio equipment will grow further as VTech s strong reputation attracts more customers and a new design support approach secures new projects. As category leaders, existing customers are expected to grow their businesses further, resulting in additional orders for the Group. Hearables will grow as existing customers expand their businesses. The successful production of the world s first wireless smart earphones shows VTech s manufacturing capability in the growing area of miniaturisation, enabling VTech CMS to target more business in miniaturised electronic devices. Industrial products will grow as the Group continues to benefit from the consolidation of suppliers by a customer. However, for switching mode power supplies, the change of ownership of a customer creates some uncertainty.
The Group has signed an agreement to acquire the assets from a third party which allow VTech CMS to extend its supply chain vertically and secure the supply of high precision metal tooling and parts. Contribution from this acquisition would start in the fourth quarter of the financial year 2017.
Costs remain a key area of focus for management. Material costs are expected to be largely stable, but labour costs and manufacturing overhead are expected to rise moderately.
The Group will therefore continue to offset cost increases through more automation, process improvement and 
In closing, I wish to thank all my colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year and our business partners for their continuous support.
Allan Wong Chi Yun 
Hong Kong, 17 May 2016 