"While 2010 will be another challenging year, our core business of container transportation and logistics remains well placed to endure and emerge stronger from this period of adverse demand and supply dynamics." Chee Chen Tung 2009 presented the worst market conditions ever experienced in the container shipping industry. The financial tsunami had hit the real economy by the end of 2008 and 2009 opened with a collapse in container freight rates as excess shipping capacity chased a dearth of demand volume. Recessionary economic conditions in OECD countries in the first half of 2009 affected global trade volumes, with demand for consumer goods and semi-finished goods contracting.
The container shipping industry reported unprecedented losses at the half year with no global line being profitable and some reportedly facing financial difficulties at that point. The extreme conditions of the first half of the year highlighted the need for the major market participants to reduce their operating capacity and to focus on cash flow and on minimising losses rather than pursuing market share.
An improvement in freight rates occurred in various trade lanes over the second half of the year as capacity in excess of demand was removed and the first tentative signs of a pick- up in global economic activity were seen. Unfortunately, the second half of the year also saw increases in energy prices - with the price of bunker fuel increasing at a faster rate than that of crude oil.
As a result of the extremely difficult trading environment, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) has recorded a loss attributable to shareholders for the year of 2009 of US$402.3 million compared with a profit of US$272.3 million reported for 2008.
The Board of Directors has decided that there will be no final dividend for 2009. The suspension of the final dividend reflects the lack of profitability for the year and is consistent with the Group s efforts in preserving capital and minimising cash outflows over the course of 2009.
On 18th January 2010, we announced the sale of Orient Overseas Developments Ltd ( OODL ) to CapitaLand China (RE) Holdings Co. Ltd. for US$2.2 billion. The sale was of our PRC property development business conducted under OODL and excluded our investments in Wall Street Plaza and Beijing Oriental Plaza. With the sale having occurred after year-end, the disposal and associated profit are not in our 2009 results, but will appear in the 2010 accounts.
OODL was a well-established business with a good track record, and each of the current developments had a premier location and potential. While we had confidence in the economic growth of China and a positive outlook for the mainland property sectors in which we were operating, the Group decided to sell OODL after consideration of a range of strategic options. The global economic downturn had restricted our ability to add to the OODL development portfolio in the short term. At the same time, the downturn created a potential need for additional capital in the container transportation business given the opportunities to grow that may emerge as the industry recovers.
Our exit from the property development sector in China gives the Group the opportunity to redeploy capital and to strategically reposition and focus the Group as a well- capitalised container transportation and logistics business.
2010 has started more positively for the container transportation sector, with a better supplydemand balance and upward pressure on freight rates. Nevertheless, I remain of the view that the industry will face difficult trading conditions for a protracted period given the combination of low demand growth and a substantial capacity overhang.
The recovery in the global economy and the pick-up in OECD consumer demand are likely to be sluggish. On the supply side, there continues to be an excess of capacity in the form of outstanding new-build orders and laid-up vessels that will need to be absorbed over the next three to four years. An imprudent re-introduction of capacity currently idling or laid- up, if mismatched to demand, could see fresh rounds of rate 
We will be managing the business through 2010 expecting only a marginal improvement in demand for the full year.
Despite a more positive outlook for the first half of the year, we again expect a more challenging second half with freight rate improvements being fragile.
Core to our future ability to achieve an appropriate return on capital are (i) our positioning as a quality carrier attracting premium-paying cargo, (ii) maintaining fleet and operational flexibility to adjust quickly to market conditions and (iii) continuously driving cost efficiencies.
The key to achieving a better operating margin is our ongoing investment in IT over many years. Our superior IT systems support the customer-oriented, value-added services and the operational robustness needed to be positioned as a quality carrier. Our management information systems enable us to make deployment decisions and seek cost efficiencies based on accurate, current revenue and expense information.
Our logistics business remains a key component of our offering to customers that have need of its services. Our investment in systems also supports our logistics business which continued to demonstrate an improved level of operating profitability in 2009 despite the downturn.
Maintaining our fleet s high operational efficiency and carefully managing our capacity remain critical for the recovery period ahead. Our challenge in 2010 is to maintain and grow liftings to match demand growth while holding capacity at cost efficient levels. Our young, fuel-efficient fleet can continue to give us a competitive cost base but only so long as it is effectively deployed.
Even with the extremely difficult operating environment in 2009, we held to the Group s Core Values. We maintained our commitment to deliver superior customer service, working with our customers to sustain and enhance their supply chains in a rapidly changing environment. While maintaining our intense focus on reducing costs, we continued our sustained investment in IT, on environmental protection and in retaining and developing our people. Our focus remains on process, product and customer service enhancement, while and achieving further productivity gains to maintain a competitive 
These commitments have served us well and our staff rose to the challenge of getting us through the storm in solid financial and operational condition and in good shape to prosper as the industry recovers over the next two to three years. While 2010 will be another challenging year, our remaining core business of container transportation and logistics remains well placed to endure and emerge stronger from this period of adverse demand and supply dynamics.

Hong Kong, 18th March 2010 