Chairman s Letter Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO Improvements in freight rates across all trades, combined with cost savings implemented in 2009, have produced a record profit for our liner operation in 2010.
2010 was another extraordinary year for the container shipping industry.
From the depths of the industry crisis in 2009, the extent of the rebound has been beyond all expectations. Unusually strong demand in the first half of 2010, and positive trading conditions throughout the remainder of the year, saw our lifting volumes nearing 2008 levels. Improvements in freight rates across all trades, combined with cost savings implemented in 2009, have produced a record profit for our liner operation in 2010.
Despite the slow recovery of the United States, continuing stimulus from its fiscal and monetary programs should underpin further trade growth in 2011. European economies are also improving, and both Asian and commodity-based economies have proven resilient. With continued strong growth in China, this makes for a positive outlook for global trade.
While the ongoing improvement in trade volumes and freight rates is good news, fuel and other cost pressures are again re-emerging as the global economic recovery continues. Continued focus on operational efficiency and pricing discipline will accordingly remain important in the current year.
I am pleased to report that, with the strong liner performance last year, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) has recorded a profit attributable to shareholders for 2010 of US$1,866.8 million, compared to a loss of US$402.3 million reported for 2009.
This result includes the net profit of US$1,004.6 million from the sale of OODL, the Group s former PRC property development business. The profit attributable to shareholders from our container transportation and logistics business was US$841.6 million, compared to a loss of US$376.9 million for the equivalent activities in 2009. Management of the Group s liquidity and investments at the OOIL level contributed the remaining US$20.6 million of profit attributable to 
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final ordinary dividend of US23 cents (HK$1.79) per share to shareholders for 2010. Combined with the 2010 interim dividend, this represents a total ordinary dividend payout of 25% of the Profit Attributable to Shareholders excluding the profit from OODL. The ordinary dividends for 2010 reflect the return to profitability of the business in 2010, its present liquidity position, and its ongoing funding needs.
In addition, having considered the level of capital needed to support growth and expansion of the business, the Board of Directors is recommending a further special dividend of US209.3 cents (HK$16.33) per ordinary share from the proceeds of the OODL sale.
The Group s overall financial goal is to deliver superior returns to shareholders throughout the course of economic and market cycles. To produce an appropriate return on capital, we seek to generate sustainable operating margins that are amongst the highest in the industry.
Such margins come from a continued focus on service and quality to enhance customer satisfaction, and from a relentless focus on operational efficiency throughout the Group.
Following the sale of OODL in 2010, the Group is now focused solely on its container transportation and logistics business under the OOCL brand. The Group is well positioned to grow the OOCL business enhancing its market position and maintaining superior profit margins through ongoing development and delivery of products and services to meet customer needs.
The business will need to expand to meet demand as the major economies continue to recover over the next four to five years. Along with our primary focus on profitability, it is important that we grow to maintain a global service to our customers. We gave up unprofitable market share over 2009 and into 2010 as we adjusted operations through the downturn, and we need to rebuild the spread and frequency of our services to meet customer needs. We will achieve growth not through rate cutting, but through the provision of superior customer focus and service.
Despite exp ecting a p ositive environment, we do not expect a repeat of the high growth rates for demand seen from 2002 to 2007 when outsourcing of production for OECD countries to the developing world was accelerating. Rather, we expect average growth for container volumes over the next five to ten years to reflect the lower rates of economic growth forecast for the major industrial economies. At the same time, the trend towards the use of larger container vessels on the main trade routes will continue given their reduced environmental impact and lower operating cost per slot.
To remain competitive in both the provision of services to our customers and on an operating cost basis, the Group will continue to invest in the expansion of the OOCL vessel and box fleets, and in the terminal infrastructure needed to support anticipated demand growth. Capital expenditure will be made progressively to match our financial capacity, and will be undertaken only where it supports or enhances our profitability.
With the extremes of the last two years behind us and the prospect of a period of steady growth ahead, it is opportune for the industry to reflect on the changes that have occurred and to give thought to the future direction of the industry.
The balancing of supply and demand remains key to the health of container shipping. The industry remains exposed to the risk of imprudent deployment of capacity if mismatched to demand, and to misguided attempts to gain market share other than through improvements 
The container shipping industry crisis of 2009 highlighted the need for change in fleet operation. Historically, capital costs have outweighed fuel and other operating costs, leading liner operators to focus predominantly on asset utilization. An emphasis on maximising load factor and gaining volume-based market share contributes to the rate volatility seen each year. Such volatility provides only short-term benefit to shippers and their customers, but threatens the orderly supply of capacity both intra-seasonally and over the longer 
As operating cost per slot increasingly outweighs capital cost per slot, removing excess capacity in times of weak demand is the better economic alternative to seeking scarce cargo at ever-lower prices.
High asset utilization and market share remain important to liner companies, but only so long as pricing and profitability are not unduly sacrificed.
Sustainable gains in market share and achieving an appropriate return on capital come from the provision of superior customer service coupled with 
The industry will do well if we place the same emphasis on managing customer relationships as has been placed on managing vessel utilisation. Improved communication is needed to achieve better matching of capacity to demand and to avoid disruption to supply chains.
As well as operating profitably, we also need to maintain OOCL s core long- term advantage of quality customer service maintaining an appropriate network, transit times, and provision of information and responsiveness to grow our base of customers that recognise and ultimately reward our superior service in both monetary and non-monetary terms.
Our logistics business remains an important area for us in continuing to attract and hold customers through high quality service levels. Equally, our superior Information Technology gives us significant competitive advantages and we will continue to invest in IT prudently. Our IT gives us visibility of full shipment cycles, enabling us to take prompt action on operational variations and to exploit downstream opportunities. As a result, we can sustain high quality service to meet or exceed our customers expectations, while also achieving operational efficiencies that keep our cost base competitive.
Moreover, our information systems have developed into a common platform for collaboration and innovation.
The immediate outlook for 2011 remains positive though the level of demand growth seen in 2010 on the East-West trades is unlikely to be repeated in 2011.
While global economic growth in 2011 is likely to be muted, we do expect supply and demand to be in near-balance. This should see a return to a normalised seasonal pattern in volumes and freight rates in 2011 compared to 2009 and 
The Group remains operationally robust and financially strong being well capitalised and with sufficient liquidity and funding to meet future needs. Given the strong financial condition that the Group is in, and with the unflagging efforts of our outstanding staff, we are confident of our ability to continuing growing and meeting our goals.

Hong Kong, 11th March 2011 ...fuel and other cost pressures are again re-emerging as the global economic 
