Chairman s Letter Despite the deterioration in trading conditions over the course of 2011, Orient Overseas (International) Limited has recorded a profit in its container transportation and logistics business.
Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO While we started 2011 believing that the extremes of 2009 and 2010 were behind us and that we had a period of steady growth ahead, trading conditions in the container transportation industry over the past year became increasingly difficult. While overall global demand levels grew, the slow rate of economic growth in the United States and in Europe saw only muted volume growth for container trade to those markets. Demand growth proved inadequate for the orderly absorption of new-build capacity that delivered during the year.
Despite the deterioration in trading conditions over the course of 2011, Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) has recorded a profit attributable to shareholders for 2011 of US$181.6 million, compared to a profit of US$1,866.8 million in 2010 which included the US$1,004.6 million profit on the sale of the Group s former PRC property development business.
With the lack of profit in OOCL in the second half of 2011 and the difficult trading environment expected in 2012, the Board of Directors has recommended no payment of a final ordinary dividend for 2011.
OOCL s operating profitability was impacted by the downwards pressure on freight rates that intensified over the second half of the year.
The traditional Trans-Pacific peak season in the third quarter was disappointing in terms of both volume and prevailing freight rates. While normal competitive pressure was felt across all trades as carriers sought to maintain market share while absorbing increased capacity, the Asia-Europe trade saw extraordinary freight rate declines. With the continued high price of bunker fuel also squeezing margins, the need for greater operational efficiency saw new alliances formed for Asia-Europe, including a group of six carriers to be called the G6 Alliance of which OOCL is a founding member.
Despite 2011 representing a period of consistent deterioration in profitability for the industry, OOCL has made progress on many strategic fronts including the order of ten 13,200 TEU energy efficient ships and substantial progress on the development of IRIS4 as our next generation 
The ordering of the 13,200 TEU vessels confirmed OOCL s ongoing role as a global network carrier, and its long-term commitment to the Asia-Europe trade in particular. These vessels, when delivered in 2013 and 2014, will further enhance OOCL s competitive cost base as well as helping us to reduce emissions consistent with our focus on and promotion of 
While the new large ships will aid operating cost and the new alliances will enhance operational flexibility, the challenge for OOCL, and indeed for the whole industry, is to translate the improved economies of scale into improved profitability throughout the course of economic and market cycles.
Although there will likely be further rationalisation within the industry as some players struggle to achieve the required cost efficiencies needed to remain competitive, the broader industry needs to stabilise and earn a consistent and appropriate return to shareholders despite periods of slower demand growth and of 
To justify the ongoing investment of the substantial amounts of capital required to operate as a container liner company, an appropriate return on capital must be generated. While the focus on cost control has to be unrelenting, the industry s revenue line must also grow.
The further efficiencies of ever-larger vessels will not be sufficient in themselves to produce appropriate operating margins so long as the industry continues to forfeit the cost benefit gained through scale and size by over-focusing on market share.
A positive aspect of 2011 has been the increased focus on service levels within the container transportation industry. With little to differentiate the core activity of terminal-to-terminal transportation, improved revenues and margins must come not only from maintaining an appropriate network and a relentless focus on operational efficiency. Just as importantly, it must come from a continued focus on service and responsiveness to customer needs to enhance customer satisfaction and underpin 
Despite the Industry being poorly served by existing third-party measures of service and quality such as schedule reliability, the broader discussion of such indicators within the industry should assist customers in differentiating 
OOCL has long been focused on the ongoing development and delivery of products and services to meet customer needs dating back to the early 1990 s when the Group began its quality drive and development of IRIS, its first generation integrated computer system. The Group s focus on information technology based products and services for customers, and the enhanced services provided through both OOCL Liner and OOCL Logistics remain key to our future success.
Our logistics business remains an important area for us in continuing to attract and hold customers through high quality service levels and a strengthened focus on domestic logistics as the platform for accelerated organic growth. Over recent years our logistics business has expanded from being an adjunct to the liner business to gaining experience and good credentials in the industry as a true Third Party Logistics provider understanding the dynamics of our customers.
Our Information Technology Division has also made tremendous advances not only in implementing new technologies, but also in developing various business models. CargoSmart has delivered potentially game-changing products, including those for schedule measurement and virtualized business activities.
Moreover with increased investments, we expect CargoSmart to grow rapidly in 2012, providing another pillar for the Group s performance.
Looking to 2012, we expect trading conditions to continue to be difficult. The major markets of North America and Europe are likely to see low levels of demand growth given the slow economic growth in those economies. Scheduled new-build capacity delivering in 2012 exceeds that of 2011, and is again dominated by the large vessels destined for deployment on the Asia-Europe trades. While there has been some freight rate improvement on both Asia-Europe and Trans-Pacific routes since the beginning of this year, freight rates for those trades do not yet fully cover costs especially given the increase in the cost of bunker fuel that has occurred.
Approximately half of OOCL s container liftings are for intra-Asia trade. Short voyage lengths and limited inter-modal transportation opportunities mean margins are low on that business, but it has provided a cushion against the poor trading conditions on the East-West trades. We may, however, see a slowing in growth rates for intra-Asia container volumes in 2012 as Asian economies are not immune to the slow growth of the export markets of Europe and North 
With the expectation of a difficult trading period in 2012, we are fortunate in not having to absorb any new-build deliveries this year though we will have some capacity increase over 2011 from the full-year operation of vessels that delivered last year. We will continue to focus on improving our vessel deployment flexibility, working within the G6 Alliance and the Grand Alliance, and adjusting deployment to meet demand to ensure customer needs are met without under-utilising capacity. Consistent with our business model, growth will come from gaining additional volume based on providing superior service and customer satisfaction, and not from simply discounting of freight rates to gain market share which is neither profitable nor sustainable.
While uncertainty about the world economy will definitely present a challenge to us this year, we will continue to invest for our future competitive advantage. In addition to the 13,200 TEU vessels that we have on order, we have more recently agreed a new 40-year lease with the Port of Long Beach for the Middle Harbor terminal that we use in Long Beach. With the new lease, we are joining with the Port of Long Beach in undertaking a major redevelopment of the terminal. The nine year project will combine and expand two aging shipping terminals into one modern terminal to improve cargo-movement efficiency and environmental performance. While the major part of the cost of the redevelopment rests with the Port, OOCL will be progressively investing in new terminal equipment over the period of the redevelopment. The new terminal will be one of the first to be completed in line with the emerging trend in US west coast terminals of higher levels of automation, needed to keep such terminals competitive as gateways to 
Despite the poor performance in the second half of 2011, the Group remains operationally robust and well placed for the future with its alliance memberships and investment for growth. Our Group is financially strong, is well capitalised, and has sufficient liquidity and access to funding to meet its future needs. Our outstanding staff continue to be a key element of our superior performance and success, and through their continued efforts, together with our strong financial position, we are confident of our ability to continue developing our business and meeting 
Hong Kong, 9th March 2012 