Chairman s Letter Against an uncertain backdrop, the industry as a whole performed better in 2014 than it did in 2013. It is expected that trade growth in 2015 will outperform that of 2014. We are cautiously optimistic that global economic demand is on a positive trajectory. Notwithstanding the larger order book for delivery in the year 2015, we anticipate gradually improving industry dynamics and margin.
Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO The global economic environment saw mixed but encouraging results during 2014. The U.S. recorded a GDP growth of 2.4% for the year with satisfactory results in consumer spending. While the longer term effects of the Federal Reserve quantitative easing remain unclear, it seems that the U.S. has reached a stage of recovery. The Eurozone saw continued challenges during 2014. The two percent inflationary target set by the European Central Bank seemed increasingly untenable as the year progressed. According to the final tally, GDP growth of the Eurozone grew at a disappointing 0.8% for the year, an indication that sustainable recovery has not yet arrived but nevertheless an improvement from 2013. Private consumption rose 0.8%, a modest but encouraging performance from a negative 0.6% in 2013. The market was positive to the ECB quantitative easing program announced at the end of last year although the actual effects remain unclear at this point.
In Asia, China continued its structural reform program, and posted a 7.4% GDP growth.
Government initiatives for reform in both the financial and State-owned-enterprise sector seem to be progressing but gradual in pace. While China s overall economic growth has reached a level of new normal , its consumer spending continues to grow. Commodity based economies had a more challenging year, especially given the slow down of China. Overall, 2014 was an eventful year which saw political instability in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, diverging economic performance amongst the developed nations, and an unexciting growth picture in emerging markets.
Against this uncertain backdrop, seaborne trade growth for the liner industry was better than expected during 2014. East West trades recorded healthy volume growth while the Intra-Asia trades posted positive but inconsistent growth.
In aggregate terms, global demand grew 5.3%, an improvement from 4.0% in 2013. The industry as a whole performed better than that of 2013, though freight rate across trades were mixed.
The Asia-Europe trade saw better-than-expected performance, especially in the earlier part of the year, while those of the Trans-Pacific and Intra- Asia trades were more muted. While carriers faced multiple challenges including port congestion in Asia and Europe, increasing labour and logistics bottleneck in the U.S., and cascading effects in the Trans-Pacific and Intra-Asia trades, the industry benefitted from an overall trade volume growth and declining bunker prices during the year.
Looking ahead, we will see relatively more newbuildings delivered in 2015, and a lower level of deliveries in 2016. In the first quarter of 2015, congestions in Asia and Europe have eased, and labour issues on the U.S. West Coast seem to be in the process of being resolved. It is expected that trade growth in 2015 will outperform that of 2014, and bunker cost savings for the industry will become more apparent in 2015.
Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) was profitable for the year, recording a profit attributable to shareholders for 2014 of US$270.5 million. Earnings per ordinary share in 2014 was US43.2 cents.
In 2013, the Group reported a profit of US$47.0 million. Earnings per ordinary share in 2013 was 
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final ordinary dividend of US3.4 cents (HK$0.27) per share to shareholders for 2014.
The liner shipping industry is intricately linked with world trade. The slow but continuing recovery of the global economy is the primary driver for liner shipping demand. The US seems to have achieved sustainable recovery with a healthy 5.2% growth in Trans Pacific eastbound volume, and personal consumption forecasted to grow at more than 3% in 2015. It is critical for the industry that Europe continues its rebalancing and move to firmer ground. While the high 7.4% growth in the Asia- Europe westbound trade was likely a distortion of the strong Euro during the first seven months of the year, it is an encouraging sign that both consensus GDP growth and personal consumption growth are forecasted to be higher in 2015 than that of 2014. It is also important that China stays the course on its current reform program without taking dramatic steps that would cause undue economic volatility.
A more positive trajectory of the Eurozone and Chinese economies will help emerging markets.
Under an environment where sustained global economic growth is not yet in place and industry top line performance remains uncertain, the drive for cost efficiency without compromising service quality continues. For OOCL, these efforts include specific focus on landside and marine operations, fleet management, and hardware investment.
Management accountability, deliverables and results are defined and reviewed on a regular basis. Aside from a concerted effort to improve cross functional cooperation, the Group is developing information technology for the purposes of improvement in 
The Group continues to focus on contribution enhancement by way of a disciplined approach to differentiation and segmentation. Yield remains the most important KPI. The drive for top line performance should balance between maximizing unit revenue and utilization, as well as more rapid market driven adjustments in deployment, especially during seasonal and short term market 
Building a sustainable logistics business remains a key objective for the Group. Operating under the brand name OOCL Logistics, the Group s logistics business is a stand alone profit center active in international supply chain management, import export services, domestic transportation and warehousing services. The business has grown to 130 offices in 30 countries. We expect the logistics business will become a meaningful contributor to the Group s bottom line over the long term.
The Group is pleased to have the opportunity to work with the Port of Long Beach community in the Middle Harbor Redevelopment Project. The project will expand the total capacity and enhance the productivity and efficiency of the Port. The first phase is expected to be operational in 2016, and with its final phase scheduled for completion in 2019, the terminal will be the most competitive, and environmentally friendly container facility in North America. We expect the project to provide tangible benefits to OOCL s competitiveness going forward.
The Group remains committed to developing industry-leading information technology. Our existing IT capability already allows us to achieve meaningful competitive advantage in terms of shipment transparency, execution excellence and operational efficiency. Looking forward, we are exploring ways to harness forward looking data available both in-house and in the public domain, and using this data to develop predictive tools for better management decision making, as well as for further cost efficiency initiatives. We believe these efforts are critical to enhancing product quality, improving business efficiency, and allowing us to gain a deeper understanding of the requirements of our customers and the forward trends of the industry at large.
Alliance is an integral part of the industry, and acts as one of the key elements for carriers to optimize efficiency and improve service coverage.
It allows relatively small and medium sized carriers to compete effectively with the largest carriers. In 2014, the G6 Alliance extended its network with services covering all major East West trades, and opened the Singapore based Service Center to ensure that product quality is consistent and at the highest level. Looking forward, we will continue to work with alliance members to ensure efficiency, quality and competitiveness.
We remain focused and deliberate in our efforts to maintain a sustainable balance sheet that allows the Group the ability to retain the widest degree of initiative and flexibility as a competitive edge.
We are committed to ensuring an appropriate balance between adequate liquidity, efficient capital structure suitable for our industry, and sustainable returns to shareholders throughout the economic and market cycles.
Looking forward, in spite of the fact that the global geopolitical environment remains uncertain, we believe that world economic demand is on a positive trajectory. Notwithstanding the larger order book for delivery in the year 2015, we anticipate gradually improving industry dynamics and margin.
The Group continues to be an industry leader in terms of operational excellence and financial robustness. We continue to be well placed in our ability to deliver superior performance, invest in the future, and form effective alliances in our drive to provide the best possible service quality at the most cost-efficient level possible. We look forward to furthering our position as one of the leading carriers in the industry.

Hong Kong, 6th March 2015 