Chairman s Letter RESULTS FOR 2008 China s accession to the WTO in late 2001 saw a six-year upswing in the fortunes of container shipping as American and European consumption growth was met by Asian based production. With the deepening global economic downturn and increasing capacity in the industry, those buoyant conditions ended during the later part of 2008. We have now entered what I expect will be a protracted downturn for the container shipping industry.
During the first half of 2008 the industry struggled with record fuel prices and increases in other energy-related costs. While all- in freight rate increases were inadequate to maintain existing operating margins, acceptable levels of profitability were still achieved in the first half of the year. However, the last quarter of the year saw market freight rates decline dramatically despite operating costs across the industry remaining high.
Despite the difficult trading environment of high costs and falling rates in 2008, I am able to report that Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) recorded a profit attributable to shareholders for the year of 2008 of 
As the prior year s result of US$2,547.0 million included a one- time profit of US$1,994.7 million from the sale of the Terminal Division, the appropriate comparison is of profit from continuing operations. The 2008 Profit from Continuing Operations is US$275.5 million, which is a US$278.2 million (50%) reduction from the equivalent US$553.7 million reported for 2007.
Having considered the likely operating environment and financial market conditions over the medium term, the Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final dividend of US4.5 cents (HK$0.35) per share to shareholders for 2008. Together with the interim dividend, this represents a total ordinary dividend payout of 25% of the Profit Attributable to Shareholders for 2008.
Going into last year our Container Transport and Logistics business faced a challenging environment with increasing costs and weakening demand as global economic conditions deteriorated.
The scheduled delivery of substantial new capacity into the industry also contributed to negative pressure on freight rates.
The sub-prime issues that emerged in 2007 developed into a turmoil far exceeding most predictions and the financial landscape today looks vastly different from that of a year ago. The impact of the financial crisis on the global economy has seen trade growth slow dramatically. This was most noticeable in the last quarter of 2008 which, while still profitable for us, saw sudden and severe reductions in demand across a number of trades.
Whilst unprecedented levels of government intervention have helped alleviate some of the financial market uncertainty, the global economic environment has continued to deteriorate. With the United States already in recession in 2008, IMF and consensus forecasts are for economic contraction in the major OECD economies in 2009.
With a contraction in consumption in the United States, Europe and Japan all occurring at the same time, Asian economies have also been impacted more noticeably in 2009 given the importance of exports for China and the wider Asia-Pacific region.
The acute deterioration in the global economy has come at a time when the industry faces an unprecedented supply of new capacity, particularly in the form of very large vessels. This combination of low demand growth and excessive new supply will almost certainly present the worst set of market dynamics that the container shipping industry has ever had to deal with.
We are managing the business in 2009 with the expectation of a continued deterioration in the shipping markets over the course of the year. The particularly severe drop in freight rates in the fourth quarter of 2008, compounded by further rate reductions and volume declines in the first quarter of 2009, has made the continuation of services at historic levels unsustainable.
Should the various stimulus packages that have been introduced by governments around the world be successful as is hoped, then we could see a recovery in demand by the end of this year.
However, if there is only a gradual improvement in the global economy during 2010, then it is likely that conditions in the container shipping industry will take longer to improve given the worsening supply and demand balance over the next three to four years if there is no material change to the current schedule of new vessel deliveries.
It is fortunate that we have flexibility in managing our capacity through the mix of owned and chartered vessels making up our fleet. By redelivering chartered-in vessels, we have the ability to more than offset the capacity increase from our newbuild ships delivering in 2009. Through planned redeliveries and potential vessel lay-ups, we are positioned to further remove excess capacity to match market conditions.
The ongoing investment in IT that we have made over the years has been key to our consistently high operating margin relative to many of our competitors. I believe that the benefits of this investment will continue to positively differentiate our performance. In addition to delivering superior customer service, our systems give us accurate and timely information on trade profitability. This allows us to make capacity, vessel allocation and cargo acceptance decisions quickly and with an eye to maintaining acceptable levels of profitability. Our systems continue to produce productivity gains that allow us to hold our business and administration expenses at levels appropriate for the current 
Our investment in systems also supports our logistics business which demonstrated improved performance in 2008. Our logistics business remains an important component of our offering to customers that have a need for its services. These value-added services, the quality of information available to customers, and the certainty of supply from OOCL during the times ahead create an opportunity for us to expand our customer base in 2009.
Our focus on costs remains relentless. In addition to reducing our own directly controllable costs, our efforts in 2009 are directed at achieving a reduction in third- party costs to reflect the reduction in energy prices and in the face of lower volumes in the current downturn. In addition to cost control, the levels of capital expenditure in our Container Transport and Logistics business are being managed to reflect the poor industry outlook.
Our Property Development and Investment business (OODL) continued on plan through 2008. We completed construction of the Hilton Double-Tree Hotel in Kunshan during the year and it opened in January 2009. With the division focused on moving its existing projects toward completion, no new sites were acquired during the year.
While we expect a lower economic growth rate for China in 2009, we have confidence in the Chinese economy over the medium to long term. We remain of the view that the economies of the coastal regions in particular will continue to show the strongest growth, underpinning good real estate development and investment opportunities. Accordingly our property development activities will continue to concentrate on the Greater Shanghai area and the Greater Bohai (Beijing 
I have previously noted that we will adjust the timing of expenditure and eventual sale of the completed projects to match market conditions. With a diversified mix of projects, covering the residential, office, hotel and retail sectors, we are able to concentrate on the projects in the stronger segments, matching the pace of development with the anticipated rate of economic development.
Our medium-term goal continues to be to develop OODL to become self-sustaining with regard to both operating cash flow and capital requirements. With the favourable location, cost structure and market outlook for each of OODL s projects, we continue to be confident in the success of the individual developments and of realising the full potential value of the division s ongoing 
Over the years, I have noted the tremendous efforts of our staff in delivering financial performance for the Group that is amongst the best in the industry. This performance has come from adherence to the Group s Core Values. Those values are demonstrated through an ongoing commitment to consistency in development of our people, to investment in IT and to process enhancement to control costs, improve productivity and deliver superior customer service. These commitments have served us well and remain as important as ever as we face the likelihood of subdued economic growth in coming years.
While recent data and forecasts point to a continued weakening of the global economy that is likely to persist well into 2010, your Group is well positioned both operationally 
Our property development and investment activities are sufficiently flexible to adapt to market conditions without requiring additional capital investment by the Group on other than a discretionary basis. Our container transportation and logistics businesses are equally well placed to endure and emerge stronger from this period of adverse demand and supply dynamics.
The Group has a strong capital structure, good liquidity and moderate financial commitments. We have sound and supportive relationships with our banks and continue to be able to access the credit markets to meet our financing needs.
Accordingly, while 2009 will be a challenging year in terms of profitability, I have every confidence that the Group will continue to prosper over the longer term.

Hong Kong, 19th March 2009 
