Chairman s Letter The Group continues to focus on contribution enhancement by way of a disciplined approach to differentiation and segmentation, and cost efficiency through continuous efforts to drive down costs without compromising service quality.
Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO The year 2013 was seemingly characterised by the US and Eurozone economies turning the corner.
Optimism for the US recovery led to gains in the financial markets earlier in the year. In addition, the belief that the Eurozone had reached bottom, the positive expectations of Abenomics, and the underlying investor confidence in a moderate-but- sustainable growth environment in China injected a degree of positive sentiment into the markets.
By the end of the year, many major equity markets reported healthy gains, reflecting investor forward 
Looking back, the confidence in the financial markets during 2013 seems to have run ahead of the physical market. Seaborne trade growth for the liner industry was subdued in 2013. Freight levels were disappointing, especially during the first half of the year. During the second half of the year, both physical cargo movement and sentiment improved, resulting in a slightly better freight market.
Although container shipping demand growth in 2013 was slower than earlier forecasts, capacity supply growth was also slower than forecasts. These conditions helped contribute to a mild recovery in rates during the second half of the year.
Looking ahead, the industry will continue to be challenged by supply and demand imbalances which will exert pressure on freight rates. At the same time, the persistently high bunker prices, the anticipation of newbuilding deliveries, and the emergence of even larger alliances have led the industry to look further into cost rationalisation through operational management efforts, and additional efficiency gains through building scale and forming alliances. I expect these industry trends to continue for the foreseeable future. The IMF forecasts a further improvement of global GDP growth to 3.6% in 2014, from 2.9% in 2013, and anticipates better prospects for developed economies such as the US and core Eurozone economies together with a deceleration of growth in emerging markets. These developments may inject some positive sentiment into the major East-West trades for the industry, which would hopefully help arrest any potential freight rate deterioration due to over capacity in 
Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) was profitable for the year, recording a profit attributable to shareholders for 2013 of US$47.0 million. Earnings per ordinary share in 2013 was US7.5 cents.
In 2012, the Group reported a profit of US$295.4 million. Earnings per ordinary share in 2012 was 
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final ordinary dividend of US1.88 cents (HK$0.147) per share to shareholders for 2013. This represents a total ordinary dividend payout of 25% of the profit attributable to shareholders for 2013.
The liner shipping industry is intricately linked with world trade. Global trade growth, whether by way of economic growth or adjustments in the supply chain processes such as outsourcing, is the primary driver for liner shipping demand. Looking forward, the industry faces two challenges. On the demand side, the likelihood of global trade growth repeating its high growth performance during the last decade is low. In addition, much of the outsourcing processes of the major developed nations have been completed. The result is that global world trade growth and the multiplier effect on container demand will be under pressure.
Economists forecast that GDP-to-container multiple for the half decade starting from 2013 may be half of that during the 2002 2007 period. On the supply side, high bunker costs have led to available technological improvements and the focus on economies of scale of larger vessels. Together with the immense capacity of the shipyards, it is perhaps unavoidable that the industry will and can continue to place newbuilding orders in an effort to gain unit cost competitiveness. While the average age of scrapping has become younger, it is typical for the industry to see enhanced scrapping only when the operating results become unsustainable.
If the situation remains unchanged, the net effect of such supply and demand dynamics is that the overcapacity will become a multi-year challenge for 
With the anticipated demand and supply imbalance, the industry needs to be mindful of the pressure that is likely to be exerted on freight rates, look for ways to better improve both its cost structures and service quality, and further focus on shareholder return. At the same time, shippers need to be aware that it is not in their interest to see sustained carrier losses over the long term which could lead to declining levels of carrier service.
The first half of 2013 was characterised by weak demand. Major trades including Transpacific, Asia Europe and Intra Asia recorded flat or low single digit demand growth. Together with the delivery of newbuilding vessels, freight rates were continually under pressure. The second half of the year saw continued newbuilding deliveries but freight rates improved against the backdrop of seasonal demand increases. Overall due to the vessel cascading effect, freight rates in the Transpacific and Intra Asia trades, our two largest trades by revenue and volume, were less than ideal. The effect of low freight rates, however, was partially offset by a decrease in bunker fuel prices as compared to 2012. As crude oil prices have continued to trend downwards through the year, the industry remains hopeful that bunker prices will adjust accordingly.
The Group continues to focus on contribution enhancement by way of a disciplined approach to differentiation and segmentation, and cost efficiency through continuous efforts to drive down costs without compromising service quality.
Given the challenging results for first half of the year, the Group redoubled its efforts in the second half of the year with particular emphasis on load In addition, we launched further cost efficiency initiatives that involve dedicated efforts in multiple areas with particular focus on improved marinelandside operations, empty container repositioning, as well as further vessel operation improvements both in terms of technological adaptations and better operational 
factor and further cost rationalisation. We have seen improvement in the second half of the year.
In addition, we launched further cost efficiency initiatives that involve dedicated efforts in multiple areas with particular focus on improved marine landside operations, empty container repositioning, as well as further vessel operation improvements both in terms of technological adaptations and better operational management. Furthermore, I expect that in 2014, we will see the full-year effect of the Mega class newbuildings we received in 2013, all of which were developed with the most advanced design and equipped with the latest technology.
Taken as a whole, I believe that we will continue to see a positive contribution of unit cost reduction and, given more favourable market conditions, an improvement in margin in this coming year.
The Group is working with the Port of Long Beach to combine and upgrade two shipping terminals.
The Middle Harbor Redevelopment Project, with its final phase scheduled for completion in 2019, will be the most competitive, efficient and environmentally friendly container facility in North America. We expect the project to provide tangible benefits to OOCL s competitiveness going forward.
After a period of consolidation and re-positioning, the Group continues to strengthen and grow its logistics business, particularly in the areas of international supply chain, importexport services, domestic transportation and warehousing services.
The footprint of this business has grown to 130 offices in 30 countries. We expect the logistics business will become a meaningful contributor to the Group over the long term.
The Group remains committed to investing and developing industry-leading information technology. Our IT capability has allowed us to enjoy a meaningful competitive advantage both by being able to offer shipment transparency and achieve operational efficiency. We continue to upgrade our operating system and data analytics to enable better forward planning and yield management. In addition, we continue to build service platforms and third-party products which enable our customers to better manage their own supply chain needs. We believe these efforts are critical to enhancing product quality, improving our underlying business efficiency, and acting as a catalyst in helping us to think about how the industry will evolve.
Despite taper-related market reactions during the second half of the year, debt availability for capital expenditure programs remained accessible and cost- effective. We do not expect this to change in 2014.
We remain focused and deliberate in our efforts to maintain a sustainable balance sheet that allows the Group the ability to retain the widest degree of initiative and flexibility as a competitive edge.
We remain committed to ensuring an appropriate balance between adequate liquidity and efficient capital structure suitable to our industry.
Given the anticipated low growth rate in container demand and the resulting supply and demand dynamics, it is imperative that the industry focus on yield management, cost efficiency and service quality. Alliance remains one of the key elements for carriers in terms of cost efficiency optimisation and improved service coverage, and is an integral part of the industry. We will continue to work with partners to ensure that our partnership and alliance products are efficient and competitive.
In 2014, we anticipate that further tonnage growth will lead to continued overcapacity. It is forecasted, however, that the demand growth in 2014 will outpace that of 2013. With the US recovery now a consensus, Eurozone recovery on more solid ground, and the current Chinese and Japanese economic growth trajectory, we should expect a healthier trade outlook despite recent uncertainty in emerging markets. This is especially true on the major East-West trades. Indeed, such development should mean improved outlook for the Transpacific, Asia Europe and Intra Asia trades and more positive results for the industry as a whole.
The Group continues to be an industry leader in terms of operational excellence and financial robustness. The Group is well placed for the future in its ability to deliver superior performance, upgrade its assets, and form effective alliances and partnerships in its determination to provide the best possible service quality at the most cost-efficient level possible. The industry has endured a volatile period since the global financial crisis in 2008.
As the global economy reaches its next stage of development almost six years after the crisis, the Group today is even more focused and financially prepared to deliver superior products and services to its customers around the world. We look forward to furthering our position as one of the leading carriers in the industry.

Hong Kong, 7th March 2014 The Middle Harbor Redevelopment Project with the Port of Long Beach when completed in 2019 will be the most competitive, efficient and environmentally friendly container facility in North America.
