Chairman s Letter RESULTS FOR 2007 Last year I noted 2006 as being a momentous year with the sale of the Terminals Division and a solid result from the Group s ongoing business in the face of difficult market conditions. 2007 has proven to be equally important, representing a watershed year for the Group following the completion of the Terminals sale. Key events during the year have been the improved profit from operations in our Container Transportation and Logistics business without the Terminals Division; the special dividends paid to shareholders during the year; and the reaffirmation of the Group s direction. In facing an environment in 2008 that is likely to be even more challenging than that of 2007, the Group is in a strong financial position.
A key feature of the container shipping industry in recent years has been the rational allocation of capacity by carriers contributing to lower overall volatility for the industry. With sensible allocation of capacity by the industry continuing in 2007, the positive sentiment seen at the start of the year translated into maintenance of an improving trend in freight rates throughout the year. With overall volume growth and an increase in freight rates, our ongoing businesses reported an improved performance despite rising costs due to high oil prices.
With the strong performance of the liner operation and the profit from the Terminal Division sales as stand-out features, I am pleased to report that Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) recorded a profit attributable to shareholders for the year of 2007 of US$2,547.0 million compared with US$580.6 million reported for 2006.
This result includes the net profit of US$1.99 billion from the sale of the Terminals Division as reported at the half year. The pre-tax profit from the container transportation and logistics business, and from our other ongoing activities excluding the revaluation of Wall Street Plaza, was US$592.0 million compared to US$453.2 million for the equivalent activities last year. This represents a 30.6% increase for the year reflecting the strength of our ongoing business.
The Terminals sale enabled the payment of two special dividends of US$500 million each during the course of 2007. At the same time, it has placed the Group in an advantageous position as we plan our future capital needs for fleet expansion to meet market demand, and for our property division activities.
With zero net debt at year-end, the Group retains significant borrowing capacity. This provides the Group with the ability to take advantage of opportunities that may arise in relation to property development and vessel acquisition, as well as any industry rationalisation that could emerge from the current financial and operating environment.
Having reviewed the Group s growth plans for the foreseeable future, and after analysis of the capital requirements inherent in those plans, the Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final dividend of US13.5 cents (HK$1.05) per share to shareholders for 2007. Together with the interim dividend, this represents a total ordinary dividend payout of 26.1% of the Profit Attributable to Shareholders for 2007 excluding the profit from the discontinued Terminals Division.
This level of payout reflects the strong performance of the business in 2007 and the present capital position of the Group.
The interim and final ordinary dividend, together with the second special dividend declared at the half year, represents a total dividend for the year of US103 cents (HK$8.03) per share.
For our Container Transport and Logistics businesses, 2007 proved a much stronger year than some were predicting at the end of 2006. Despite the US housing sector continuing to slow throughout the year, the effect on the global consumption was muted.
The slower volume increase to the US West Coast was mitigated by the strong growth of cargo demand from Asia to Europe.
Efficient operation of vessels by carriers in reaction to the high cost of fuel also absorbed capacity. Combined, these factors contributed to a much better balancing of supply and demand of capacity than was predicated for the year. With the strong Euro likely to sustain the current pace of outsourcing to Asia, and the recently announced fiscal and monetary stimulus measures in the United States, we expect much of the same trade pattern and growth of 2007 will continue through 2008.
One of the hottest issues in the liner shipping industry is the European Union s repeal of the block exemption of conference activity from antitrust law that is to be implemented in 2008. The proposed EU repeal will go beyond the US 1998 Ocean Shipping Reform Act, which significantly altered the antitrust exemptions under the Shipping Act of 1984.
The EU Reform could gradually impact other trade lanes of the world, due to the bilateral nature of the shipping business and the need to comply strictly with regulatory regimes at both ends of the trade lane.
Organised liner trade forums have existed for most of the last century. They have evolved over that time to the current form today as merely a platform to exchange views and discuss issues such as regulation, macroeconomics, market trends, bunker price trends, safety and security, environmental emissions and so on. Such information is necessary in order to ensure the running of complex logistics chains, to fulfil service requirements to customers, for the improvement of vessel and container deployment, and ultimately to drive major investment decisions for liner companies.
The Group is well prepared for the changes that the EU repeal will bring. At the industry level there is a need to keep channels of information transparent and flowing in the new environment to come. The dominant participants would therefore serve the industry well by taking the lead in enhancing information transparency through the publication of operational performance and 
Another key issue for the liner shipping industry is concern and care for the environment. The Group pays great attention to all aspects of corporate social responsibility; it has in place well-established policies, procedures and activity in all such areas including corporate governance, community involvement, safety, security and other work- place matters. Environmental protection is a core element of the Group s corporate social responsibility and we have long recognised and taken a proactive approach to leading environmental stewardship through reducing emissions, promoting environmental care and 
The Group s approach is not just to ensure compliance with the relevant environmentally related regulations, but also to seek measurable improvements on an ongoing basis to meet the expectations of our customers, shareholders and the wider global community. We are doing this within our own business through the development of a range of key performance indicators to measure progress of the programs we have in place, and externally in the industry through membership of various initiatives such as the Clean Cargo Working Group.
Good progress was made during the year in our plan to strengthen the Property Development and Investment business. With the purchase of the Tianjin International Trade Centre site in Tianjin near year-end, the Group has a healthy and diversified pipeline as it enters 2008 with projects in the residential, office, hotel and retail sectors. The area of concentration for the Group s real estate business will remain the Greater Shanghai area and the Greater Bohai (Beijing Tianjin) area. Its dedicated team with a track record in property development business in the PRC will continue to build the business 
While the division s contribution to profits has been small in the last two years, it is on track to produce a meaningful contribution commencing 2010 and the years following as projects come to completion. The immediate focus for the division is on moving its existing projects forward to completion.
At the same time, it will continue to build its development and investment pipeline to create a regular and sustainable flow of 
Progressing all of our existing projects will require substantial capital expenditure through the construction phase. While we expect to debt finance a substantial portion of this expenditure, it is the strengthened capital position of the group post the sale of the Terminals that supports this push ahead with all of the group s projects at a time when real estate lending regulations and controls continue to evolve in China.
As the property development division advances its various projects, we will of course remain mindful of market conditions, which currently remain positive. The timing of expenditure and eventual sale of the completed projects will be adjusted as needed. With the favourable location, cost structure, and market outlook for each of the pipeline projects, we remain confident both of the success of the individual projects and of obtaining our goal of realising the full potential value of the division s ongoing 
As always, special mention must be made of the Group s staff who collectively continue to more than repay the Group s commitment to them. In the much tougher business environment of the last two years, the efforts of our staff have delivered financial performance generating what must be considered a more than acceptable return for shareholders. This performance comes from the ongoing commitment to the Group s Core Values, demonstrated through consistency in development of our people, through investment in IT and through process enhancement to control costs, improve productivity and to improve customer service.
In opening this report, I noted the important events for the Group in 2007 that resulted from the sale of the Terminals. I believe the strong financial performance of the Group in 2006 and 2007, in the face of difficult market conditions, reflects the consistent long-term quality of investment in our fleet, in our IT, in our processes and, of course, in our people. This ongoing investment has produced a business with a strong cost structure focused on superior customer service. While 2008 will be another challenging year as the US slow-down spreads and the full effect of high oil prices is felt, your company is well positioned to meet such challenges and to continue to prosper over the longer term.

Hong Kong, 4th March 2008 
As a total logistics service provider and an industry leader in IT applications, we use our superior strength in technology to offer our customers tailor-made transport and logistics solutions at every stage in the supply chain.

