Chairman s Letter OOIL is pleased to report a profit despite the very difficult 
Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO While 2012 was a profitable year for the Group, the container transportation market continued to be challenging as the industry struggled to absorb substantial new-build vessel capacity while facing ongoing weak demand growth. Freight rates were particularly low at the start of the year but did recover over the first half and into the second half of 2012. During that period the industry was able to absorb the new capacity being delivered, but by the fourth quarter, the further deterioration in the Eurozone economies and the muted growth in the United States saw a deterioration in both freight rates and load factors as excess capacity chased inadequate demand, resulting in a disappointing end to the year.
Nevertheless, I am pleased to report that Orient Overseas (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) has been profitable for the year, recording a profit attributable to shareholders for 2012 of US$296.4 million, compared to a profit of US$181.6 million in 2011.
The 2012 full year profit includes the profit of US$43.7 million in relation to our investment in Hui Xian Holdings, and losses and charges relating to the disposal of two older 5,500 TEU vessels of US$4.1 million, both of which were booked in the first half of the year.
Earnings per ordinary share in 2012 were US47.3 cents, whereas earnings per ordinary share in 2011 were US29.0 cents.
Having considered the likely operating environment and financial market conditions over the medium term, the Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final ordinary dividend of US7.18 cents (HK$0.56) per share to shareholders for 2012.
Combined with the 2012 interim dividend, this represents a total ordinary dividend payout of 25% of the profit attributable to shareholders for 2012.
After a strong first half performance and a pleasing third-quarter, OOCL s operating profitability was impacted by the downwards pressure on freight rates during the last quarter of the year. Competitive pressure was most intense on the Asia-Europe trade as carriers sought to maintain volumes despite a reduction in trade levels.
There was some partial offset to this pressure with bunker fuel prices coming down from the very high levels experienced in the first half of the year and remaining stable through and past the year end.
The year ahead looks as though it will be as difficult as 2012. More than other industries, container shipping is affected by global economic conditions impacting trade volumes and we expect a further protracted period of low economic growth to continue after the past four years of economic downturn. While economic conditions in the United States are improving, the pace of economic recovery remains slow and consumer demand continues to be muted.
Prolonged deflation in Europe has caused a decline in imports from Asia, and with Eurozone economies continuing to struggle, there is a possibility of further contraction before recovery occurs.
Recently higher employment levels in the US manufacturing sector suggests that there may be a trend of re-shoring of production in the United States. Combined with the increasing domestic consumer market in China, this may see Chinese manufacturers focusing further on their own domestic markets, resulting in a slowdown China s export growth rates.
With a further increase in new build vessel capacity delivering in 2013, competition and resultant pressure on freight rates will continue to be intense. The industry s ability to further absorb additional capacity are being tested and there are risks to service levels given the reduced number of loops being run on the major trade lanes.
The financial performance of the industry as a whole has been poor over the last two years as a result of intense competition and rate cuts. In addition to the difficult trading conditions due to weak underlying demand growth, the industry was also affected by the misguided practice of some operators to immediately achieve high utilisation levels for newly-delivered vessels, essentially buying volume by driving down market rates.
Overall, the industry must exercise greater discipline in its strategic, commercial and operational practices to restore industry-wide profitability in 2013. That this is achievable was demonstrated last year, with freight rates improving substantially despite the difficult supply conditions as carriers individually found the right balance of deployed capacity to meet demand, and at the same time achieving revenue growth while controlling operating costs. While we are starting to see some limited rationalisation within the industry, the broader industry needs to stabilise and earn a consistent and appropriate return to shareholders despite periods of slower demand growth and of excess capacity. In addition to realising the cost efficiencies that come as the industry re-fleets with larger, more fuel efficient vessels, revenue per unit needs to improve to produce appropriate operating margins.
The key elements in OOCL s ability to generate and preserve its business value over the longer term are in managing capital allocation, capacity management, scale of operation through alliance membership, cost control, customer services through our integrated operating system, and sound financial management.
Flexibility in our operating model to be able to adjust capacity to actual demand levels remains a key focus for OOCL in 2013 as we absorb our new 13,200 TEU vessels. These vessels, delivering in 2013 and 2014, will further enhance OOCL s competitive cost base as well as helping us to reduce emissions consistent with our focus on and promotion of environmental protection.
We continue strive to achieve above average growth, gaining volume not through pricing but through superior customer focus and service. This means maintaining an appropriate network, transit times, and provision of information and responsiveness to grow our preferred long-term customer base. The company continues to focus on improving vessel deployment flexibility, working within the G6 and the Grand Alliance, and adjusting deployment to meet demand to ensure customer needs are met without 
The Group s focus on information technology based products and services for customers, and the enhanced services provided through both OOCL Liner and OOCL Logistics remain key to our future success.
Our logistics business continues to build and strengthen and is an important area element in continuing to attract and hold customers through high quality service levels. The business has gained the experience and credentials within the industry to be a true 3PL provider, understanding the dynamics of our customers. Its focus on domestic logistics as the platform for accelerated organic growth is proving successful and its improving profitability is providing an increasingly meaningful contribution to the performance of our Group.
The OOIL Group remains well capitalised, financially strong and operationally robust.
Our ongoing investment in Information Technology continues to gives us a state of the art information system for the business management and provision of services to customers. Our investment in IT gives us a significant competitive advantage by supporting employees with the right skills and capabilities to make data-driven decisions to provide superior service to customers. Our IT Division also continues to develop various business models such as CargoSmart which showed good growth in 2012 and is developing as another pillar of the Group s 
The OOIL group remains financially strong and operationally robust. We have the strength to survive through the downturns while continuing to grow the business and prosper through the downturns.
OOCL is well placed for the future with its alliance memberships and its continued investment for growth. The Group is well capitalised and has sufficient liquidity and access to funding to meet its future needs. Our outstanding staff continue to be a key element of our superior performance and success, and through their continued efforts, together with our strong financial position, we are confident of our ability to continuing growing and meeting our goals.

Hong Kong, 6th March 2013 