Chairman’s Letter
This past year has seen some
of the most difficult markets
in our industry’s history. Low
growth in most regions and an
overhang of excess supply led to
challenging conditions in many
trade lanes for most of 2016.

This past year has seen some of the most difficult
markets in our industry’s history. Low growth in
most regions and an overhang of excess supply
led to challenging conditions in many trade lanes
for most of 2016.
As fuel prices rose in the second half of the year,
industry performance was badly affected by
freight rates that frequently sank below the levels
seen in 2009.
The financial results reported by the industry as
a whole give a clear indication of just how severe
conditions became. A quarter-by-quarter or halfby-half
analysis of industry results since the
middle of 2015 paints a picture of strengthening
headwinds.
In this environment, I have to report that OOIL
generated a loss attributable to shareholders
for 2016 of US$219.2 million (2015: profit of
US$283.9 million), with 2016 loss per ordinary
share of US35.0 cents (2015: earnings per
ordinary share of US45.4 cents).
The Board of Directors has decided not to
recommend the payment of a final ordinary
dividend for 2016.
The year 2016 turned out to be eventful. The
wave of consolidation through mergers and
acquisition, as well as the collapse of Hanjin,
might bring what has for many years been an
extremely fragmented industry several steps
closer to being a more stable environment
with greater likelihood of consistently better
performance.
Beyond the positive moves in the structure of the
industry, there are some credible indicators that
2017 could be better for container shipping than
2016.
The consensus view for US economic growth
has turned positive over the last six months. If
employment, wages and consumer spending data
continue to improve, this could be the beginning
of a more sustainable recovery. For OOCL, having
a significant presence in the Trans-Pacific trade,
this is encouraging news.
In Europe, lower unemployment, resilient if
unspectacular economic growth, as well as the
first hints of the return of some inflation suggests
some early signs of economic improvement.
Against this backdrop, the Asia-Europe trade
appears to have begun to turn the corner out of
the low growth (and sometimes negative growth)
pattern that it endured for much of 2015 and
2016.
The slowdown in growth seen in several of the
larger Asian economies has not caused any hard
landings, and we draw some reassurance from
the growth in ASEAN volumes as well as the
improving dynamics of certain trades, such as the
Australian trade. Beyond this, if the East-West
trades do indeed continue to pick up, we should
see a beneficial effect on Intra-Asian volumes.
Nevertheless, growth in Intra-Asia trade remains
largely anaemic, with rates further challenged by
the ongoing introduction of cascaded vessels into
many of the Intra-Asia trade lanes.
While not dismissing the significance of gradually
improving data, we cannot afford to ignore the
risk factors that could yet affect the outlook
for the coming year. The global environment
remains very uncertain. Protectionism, trade
and geopolitical friction, and a slowdown in the
growth of globalisation could all challenge the
outlook for our industry.
The industry supply and demand balance remains
one of the largest risk factors. Expectations for
net growth in 2017 suggest improvement in the
situation, but time may be needed to absorb the
existing supply overhang.
In t hes e turbu lent t imes, wit h indust r y
consolidation occurring at a pace that few, if any,
had expected, OOCL continues to build its future
on the twin pillars of alliance membership and
the efficient operation of the most appropriate
vessels for each trade lane.
We are delighted to be forming the Ocean
A l l i an c e w it h C O S C O, C M A C G M an d
Evergreen. The Ocean Alliance will begin
operations in April 2017. Working together
with these sizeable and like-minded partners
will enable us to continue to offer the highest
standards in the most cost-effective manner.
Moreover, the Ocean Alliance enables OOCL to
grow its business in a considered and measured
way.
Our 20,000 TEU class vessels enter service
in 2017. Our investment in these vessels
demonstrates our commitment to growing our
business intelligently, and allows us to gain
economies of scale in all our major East-West
trades. At the same time, we will maintain our
focus on continuous cost improvement and
further efficiency gains. We continue to invest in
IT, as a means of improving not only our internal
processes, but also our customer interaction and
engagement.
The first phase of our Middle Harbor Redevelopment
Project in California commenced operations in
April 2016. We are pleased with the KPI achieved
thus far, and we continue to work on improving
operations as we look forward to the opening
of the second phase, towards the end of 2017.
Final completion of the project is scheduled to
occur in 2020. We are pleased to note that our
new state-of-the-art terminal will be able to
ensure the highest levels not only of operational
efficiency but of environmental friendliness and
sustainability.
OOCL Logistics continues to perform profitably
in what is a competitive sector, and we remain
committed to building up our activities in
this sphere. We were pleased to add air freight
forwarding services to our offering in 2016, and
we continue to grow OOCL Logistics further,
not least as opportunities related to e-commerce
materialise.
After this turbulent year, the benefit of a strong
balance sheet has become more obvious to and
important for not only our shareholders and
financiers, but also our customers. We are pleased
to be able to provide such robust comfort to our
stakeholders, by means of our consistent policy of
maintaining solid financial status.
While the outlook remains uncertain, we will
continue with our long-established strategy.
Excellent customer service, operational efficiency,
cost management, IT development and scale
benefit achieved through alliance membership
and careful deployment, all built on solid
financial foundations.
With this approach, and with a more consistent
track record than most of the industry, we
believe that we can continue to grow successfully,
through these challenging times, and into the
upturn to come.
C C Tung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 10th March 2017