Chairman s Letter 2016 has so far been characterised by great uncertainty.
We believe that our longstanding and consistent approach to yield and cost management will position us well to face the challenges of the coming year.
Tung Chee Chen Chairman and CEO At the start of 2015, container shipping companies enjoyed unforeseen conditions that were, almost without exception, positive. For those few months, substantially lower fuel costs and gains in momentum in the US recovery drove industry-wide results that were better than 
Unfortunately, the economic context became increasingly complicated as the year progressed.
The fall in oil prices led to a reduction in energy-related capital expenditure, and to some producers bordering on default. Trade growth was limited, and the Fed was signalling (and eventually implemented) a start to the normalisation of interest rates. The second half of the year saw retail sales stagnating further, thereby reducing imports from Asia.
By the end of the year, the worsening imbalance in supply and demand, driven by large amounts of new tonnage being introduced at a time of lacklustre volume growth in many trades and even shrinkage in others was having a dramatic effect. Capacity had started to be taken out of the market in response to slower demand growth, and having witnessed a substantial fall in rates, lines were forced to surrender all of (or more than) the benefit of lower fuel prices to their customers.
Against this unsettled background, I am pleased to report that OOIL generated a profit attributable to shareholders for 2015 of US$283.9 million (2014: US$270.5 million), with 2015 earnings per ordinary share of US45.4 cents (2014: US43.2 cents).
The Board of Directors recommends the payment of a final ordinary dividend of US1.85 cents (HK$0.145) per share to shareholders for 2015.
As for 2016, the first quarter has so far been characterised by great uncertainty. The IMF forecast for global economic growth has been reduced. The US economic recovery seems to be solid, but not spectacular, and continues to be influenced by external factors. Both Japanese and European growth levels are low, with few predicting with any confidence that the corner will be turned in 2016. Chinese growth has continued to slow, presenting challenges to emerging market and commodity economies.
A number of central banks are entering into uncharted territory by imposing negative interest rates. Even if at a lower rate than in 2015, new shipping capacity continues to be introduced.
In this environment, it is entirely conceivable that freight rates might fall even further in some trades, to a point where liner operators, facing poor market demand, and in order to reduce the magnitude of losses, have to reduce further their 
To face the challenges of the market, our consistent approach over many years has been to drive cost efficiency and to find new ways to reduce our own operating costs.
Scale will continue to be a key driver of sustainability in the industry. A key part of how OOCL achieves scale is through having the right fleet, with modern and fuel efficient vessels built to the right size and specifications, driving unit cost efficiency even at today s lower fuel prices.
As announced in April 2015 and reported at the half year, the group has ordered six 20,000 TEU class vessels from Samsung Heavy Industries to be delivered in 2017. We are delighted with the better-than-expected efficiency gains achieved through our 13,208 TEU vessels replacing smaller vessels on certain routes, and look forward to enhancing these benefits of scale further with our larger vessels, as they enter into service in 2017.
OOCL has participated in alliances, in one form or another, for decades. We continue to believe that alliance structures are an important means of achieving scale and enhancing product quality. OOCL continuously seeks to identify opportunities for additional efficiencies and savings through these arrangements.
One of the major forces behind our ability to navigate the challenging waters of container shipping is our industry-leading information technology, which enables us to drive the highest levels of cost efficiency. The group remains committed to investing in IT, and to continuing to enhance the capabilities that our systems give us in operational efficiency, yield management, customer interaction and shipment transparency.
We continue to explore new and innovative ways to improve and upgrade our systems, including using forward-looking data and predictive analytics, which should enable us to make further progress in efficiency and profitability.
We expect that our Middle Harbor Redevelopment Project in California will enter into the first phase of its operation in 2016.
While the final completion of the project is not scheduled to occur until 2020, we fully anticipate that even from 2016 we will start to reap benefits from this large capital investment. Our new terminal will be able to ensure the highest levels not only of operational efficiency but of environmental friendliness and sustainability.
OOCL Logistics continues to grow its volumes and profitability, and we remain committed to building up our activities in this sphere. Our logistics business shares the OOCL philosophy of providing excellent service to our customers, and of doing so by providing a chosen range of services in targeted markets and with specific customer bases that will together drive profitability and growth for our shareholders.
A feature of our group has for many years been a robust and conservative balance sheet. While we have appetite to invest and to grow, and thereby to enhance shareholder returns, we intend to maintain a balance sheet that enables us to withstand the volatility and cyclicality of our 
OOCL has a long track record of outperforming the market, in both up and down cycles.
Through our continued efforts in yield and cost management, as well in operational efficiency and customer focus, the Group continues to be an industry leader. Furthermore, we continue to be one of the few carriers with a history of solid financial performance as well as a robust balance 
We believe that we are well positioned to face the coming challenging year, as well as to benefit from the up cycle when it comes. We look forward to furthering our position as one of the leading carriers in the industry.

Hong Kong, 4th March 2016 