Chairman s Statement 
In 2008, due to the growing impact of the sub-prime mortgage crisis on the global economy and the severe natural disasters in China, the economic and social development of China faced rigorous tests in various aspects. In order to maintain the momentum of the steady and relatively rapid growth of the national economy, the Chinese government maintained its policy of stimulating domestic demand and launched a RMB4 trillion economic stimulus plan. For the fast- moving consumer goods industry, 2009 will be a year in which challenges outnumber opportunities and survival outweighs development. However, according to the estimation of relevant authorities of the State, China s GDP will continue to grow at 8% in 2009 and the fast-moving consumer goods industry is unlikely to enter into recession.
Despite the adverse impact brought by the deteriorating global economic environment and China s economy moving from inflation to deflation, Master Kong managed to stabilize its profitability during the economic slowdown, due mainly to the principal products of Master Kong, i.e. instant noodles and beverage, are necessities of daily life with relatively low price elasticity. As a result, the Group still maintains a strong growth momentum. In 2008, Master Kong s instant noodles and ready-to-drink ( RTD ) tea products maintained their leading market positions, a higher growth was recorded in the bakery business segment following the profitable previous year, and the disposal of the refrigeration segment will aslo help the Group to optimize resource deployment and accelerate the development of its 
2008 was a year with both opportunities and challenges for us. On one hand, prices of staple raw materials, such as palm oil and PET resin, have fallen substantially from their high level which provided more room for profits for the Group. On the other hand, we faced the pressure of intense market competition. Nevertheless, with the efforts of all our staff, the Group met the goals set at the beginning of the year and achieved a record high in turnover and profit. The Group s total turnover reached a new high of US$4,272.053 million in 2008, representing a year-on-year increase of 32.86%. Profit attributable to shareholders rose by 33.65% year-on-year to US$260.404 million, and the earnings per share was US$4.66 cents.

Owing to the Group s 2008 excellent results and considering the overall operation, capital expenditures and working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, I recommended to the Board in recognition of our shareholders support, an increase in the final dividend this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 8 June 2009 the payment of a final dividend of US2.33 cents per share (an increase of US0.71 cents per share when compared to final dividend per share in 2007 of US1.62 cents) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 8 June 2009 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 1 June 2009 should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on 3 June 2009). Total amount of final dividend for the year 2008 will be US$130.172 million, an increase of US$39.635 million when compared to 2007 of US$90.537 million).
Given the development opportunities in the PRC market, the Board proposes a future dividend distribution policy of not less than 50% of annual profits assuming there are no adverse changes to the 
3. Industry Planning Despite the slowing down of China s rapid economic growth, there are still ample opportunities in the food and beverage market but with increasingly more intense competition. In view of the growing pressure of deflation on consumers consumption structure and the continuous development of rural markets and in light of the current macroeconomic environment, the Group will manage its product mix in a timely and suitable manner to facilitate the comprehensive development of its high-end, medium-end and low-end products. We will also continue to implement the strategy of Better Access, Broader Reach to increase the market share of Master Kong 
In line with Master Kong s long-term development planning, the Group will continue to adhere to its product focus strategy to realize the professionalized and scale development of its instant noodles, beverage and bakery businesses. Meanwhile, we will be opened to any potential opportunities in domestic and overseas food and beverage markets and to enrich the Group s products in the highly competitive market offerings to meet further demands of clients, so as to better equip the Group in consolidating Master Kong s leading position in the food and beverage industry and maximize shareholders return while developing toward the goal of becoming the largest Chinese instant food and beverage group in 
4. ProductBrand Positions The position of a company s brand in the mind of customers determines its competitiveness in the market. Nowadays, business competition actually starts in the inner minds of customers. It is well known that Master Kong, as a leading player in China s food industry, has been endeavouring to gain consumers awareness and recognition with a goal of merging delicacies from all parts of China into one that will make Master Kong a kingdom of food that represents the culture of Chinese delicacies. According to the December 2008 report published by ACNielsen, based on sales, the Group holds the leading position in the market, had market shares of 50.8% and 44.3% for instant noodle and RTD tea respectively, and the market shares of its bottled water and sandwich cracker were 17.7% and 25.5%, ranking them second in the market.
In September 2008, Master Kong was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes. In November, Tingyi was selected as one of BNP Paribas s Survivors & Thrivers top picks in Asia. The report identifies the companies best positioned to not just survive crisis, but to emerge from the crisis much stronger than their competitors. In December, globally of analysts from Morgan Stanley named Tingyi as one of the 50 for 2012 highest quality companies in their sectors with business models and market positions that they would like to continue to hold to 2012. Master Kong also ranked in the top half of the top 10 international brands in Taiwan for six consecutive years. The survey was organised by Taiwan Economics Department in association with InterBrand from UK and the brand of Master Kong was valued at US$793 million. In addition, Master Kong was named the Most Valuable Brand in the Internet Celebration Evening Party held by Sina. These recognitions mean a lot in the changing 2008 and will lay a solid foundation for our future development and strengthen our confidence in overcoming 
5. Quality Assurance The melamine poisonous powdered milk scandal gave a live lesson of food safety to the Chinese people. As a result, consumers place unprecedented emphasis on food quality and regard food safety as their top priority in food consumption. The Food Safety Law of the People s Republic of China, to be effective from 1 June 2009, reminds us again that a continuous improvement in quality management is the foundation for the long-term competitive edge of a food enterprise, which justifies our consistent philosophy of recognising food safety as our lifeline.
In 2008, under its existing quality assurance system, the Group continued actively in the credit rating for food safety and purchase more advanced testing and inspection equipments to improve the testing and inspection of raw materials and eliminate potential food safety hazards at source. We believe in Master Kong constantly acting in good faith and bearing its social responsibilities and striving to enable more consumers to enjoy safe, tasty and convenient food.
6. Social Contribution Corporate social responsibility is an unavoidable mission in the globalisation process of an enterprise and is the generally accepted international ideal. While making profit and bearing responsibilities for shareholders interests, we also proactively assumed responsibilities for our consumers, staff, community and the environment. Following the Wenchuan earthquake which shocked the world in 2008, the Group not only donated immediately cash, drinking water and food etc. of RMB10 million to the stricken area, but also contributed RMB20 million to the subsequent rebuilding of two worst damaged primary schools in Dujiangyan so that in the shortest possible time giving back a solid, useful, advanced and beautiful school to the children in the stricken area.
In view of the lack of water resources and the pollution in China and other parts of the globe, the Group took the lead in bearing the responsibilities as a corporate citizen in China. We organised the Water Innovative Public Welfare Plan Competition to encourage college students and public welfare organisations to propose innovative improvement plans on social development and hopefully to find plausible practical solutions to help solve China s water 
