Chairman s Statement In 2011, the European debt crisis continued to deteriorate, resulting in the slow recovery of western economies. Due to the complexity and dynamics of the domestic and overseas environments, the People s Republic of China s ( PRC ) economy had faced challenges throughout the year. In 2011, the gross domestic product (GDP) of PRC was RMB47.1 trillion, the growth rate fell to 9.2% compared to 2010, and the consumer price index (CPI) of 5.4% was much higher than the same period last year. Following the trend of increasing inflation pressure, during the first three quarters of 2011, the People s Bank of China repeatedly raised the deposit reserve ratio and benchmark interest rates for deposits and lending, in order to maintain the stability of the general price level. Stepping into the fourth quarter, the international environment had shown that the European debt crisis was difficult to solve effectively within a short period, and thus uncertainty and instability increased. The PRC economy faced the challenges of economic growth slowdown pressure together with the co-existing pressure of price increase.
Under such economic environment, the Group introduced a flexible and target-oriented marketing strategy by effectively using its extensive sales network and its strong brand appeal to communicate with consumers, enabling the Group to achieve a new high in overall turnover, which increased by 17.74% year-on-year to US$7,867 million. Meanwhile, the Group improved its production efficiency, cost management, and properly controlled advertising and promotion costs as well as transportation cost. However, sales were affected in 2011 due to the high volatility of raw material costs and other costs, together with the global abnormal weather.
Compared to 2010, EBITDA dropped by 5.57% to US$955 million while profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 12.01% to US$420 million; and earnings per share dropped by US 1.02 cents to US7.51 cents.

Owing to the Group s 2011 results and considering the overall operation, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, the board will recommend, in recognition of our shareholders support at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 5 June 2012, the payment of a final dividend of US3.75 cents per share. Total amount of final dividend for the year 2011 will be US$209.629 million.
Solid market position Within the large and diverse Chinese food market, Master Kong maintained a leading position in the areas of instant noodle, beverage and bakery goods. Master Kong is regarded as the brand that has the greatest access to the market channels of the PRC. The products of Master Kong can be found almost everywhere in the PRC with commercial consumption activities. Building upon a reasonable product structure, extensive sales network set-up through the strategy of Better Access, Broader Reach over the years, and its relentless improvement of production cost control, these were the factors that contributed to the continuous growth of Master Kong.
According to the December 2011 report published by AC Nielson, the Group s market share (in terms of sales value) for instant noodles, RTD tea and bottled water ranked first in the PRC market, which accounted for 55.7%, 45.8% and 17.8% respectively. Diluted fruit juice and sandwich crackers ranked second, accounting for 19.3%, and 22.0% of the market share respectively.
With the strong brand name and the continuous customers support, Master Kong, for the fourth consecutive years was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes, and for the ninth consecutive years one of the top five of Taiwan s top ten international brands. The brand value of Master Kong has reached US$1,190 million. In addition, Master Kong was awarded with the best ranking among the FMCG brands, which awarded as one of the top ten of Top 50 Favourite Brands of Consumers in China 2011 by Super Brands, the world s largest independent brand research and assessment organization, as well as The Best Corporation Public Welfare Communication Case in 2011 (2011t gsOOmilQvPdHhONs) by China Spokesman Club.
Dedicated to the food production safety Master Kong always considers production safety and delicious food as the moral philosophy of a company, thus, we treat food safety risk control with the utmost importance. On the basis of the original safety control system of raw materials, focusing on five major aspects, namely technical support, specifications, resource optimization, cooperation accreditation and risk warning, forming an effective and reasonably practicable defense line of raw materials, thus building a solid and gapless barrier for food safety.
In this connection, the Group s Research and Development Centre established a Food Safety Research Division , in order to strictly control the food safety.
Master Kong consistently upholds integrity, pragmatic, innovative operation philosophy, complies with food safety law and regulations and management in practical, well-prepared for the food safety protection work, to ensure that consumers can feel free to enjoy the convenience brought by the development of food industry. Thus, Master Kong can sustainably managing its enterprise under the own brand and repaying the society at the same time. At the 9th China Food Safety Annual Conference, Master Kong was awarded for the fourth consecutive years, which gained praise from the peers and consumers as Master King continued to adhere to the professional and dedicated corporate action by virtue of the food safety production. Master Kong was awarded three awards, including Outstanding Contribution Corporation of the China Food Safety Annual Conference (-N WT[hQtgzQ{sUMO), and was designated as the exclusive drinks of the Annual Conference .
Focusing on social welfare, fulfilling social responsibility As the leader in the PRC s food industry, Master Kong not only focuses on the health of their customers by providing good quality, safe and tasty products, but also dedicates itself to social causes and taking up its social responsibility. Upholding the spirit of repaying the community and sustainable operation , the Group carries out social charity work in various areas such as environmental protection, sports, basic education, medical treatment, disability support, disaster relief, poverty alleviation and cross-strait cultural exchanges, such as fully supporting the PRC Story of the Internet, Sensation 2011 ( 0-N W}NaR2011 0 AS'Y}a}Nir) held by Xinhua News Agency. New generation with creativity and sound bite 2011 Master Kong Waseda University Creative Challenges (2011 + P e ;z 0u 'Y x[ uR e c 0b ) founded by Master Kong, was awarded as 2011 The Most Influential in the Public- Corporate Social Responsibility Event Award (gwQlQ>wq_R Omi>ygNNNNs) (uReuN). In January 2012, Master Kong by virtue of the contribution to health education, food safety, public welfare and environmental protection, was awarded as the most responsible enterprise by Health Times (ePBf1X) which set up by the People s Daily.

2012 will be a challenging year ahead as the PRC economy development is likely to be full of twists and turns, and the international economy environment was unstable. The economy growth has began to slow down following active macroeconomic regulations and controls imposed by the PRC government.
Furthermore, the PRC economy had been affected by the European debt crisis, so the PRC government will likely maintain the policy of achieving progress while ensuring stability . As the PRC economy develops, changes in the structure of income distribution and the acceleration of urbanization will increase the level of food consumption amongst low to middle income earners. There are ample opportunities in the domestic food and beverage market, thus, all major food producers had increased their investments to seize the opportunities, and competitions among industry players will become more intense.
In 2011, in line with its long-term development plan, Master Kong established a strategic alliance with the PepsiCo (China) in order to take full advantage of the opportunity for a broader development platform in the PRC beverage market . During the period, Master Kong was chosen as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Index which showed that its excellent performance, good market image and solid industry position are recognized by the authorities.
In the future, the Group will continue to adhere to its product- oriented strategy, strengthen its sales network and actively increase the market share of products at different market levels. The Group will also improve production efficiency through the integration of the production facilities, refining quality cost and strict control of the production and distribution costs. Furthermore, the Group will also endeavour to develop new products and new technologies to continuously enrich product offerings and tap into the potential business opportunities in the food and beverage industry in order to provide abundant, safety and tasty products to customers. Hence, strengthening Master Kong s leading position in the food and beverage industry and making it the largest Chinese instant food and beverage manufacturer in the world, together with maximizing 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and financial institutions who have been supporting our Group, and to the management teams and all other staff for their strenuous works and contributions to the Group s business development.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tianjin, the PRC 21 March 2012 
