COST SAVING, EFFICIENCY ENHANCING, INNOVATION In 2014, the growth of economy in China as a whole slowed down.
Competition in the market had been intense. Under the circumstances with changes in consumer behavior and sales channels, the operation of the enterprise as a whole faced more challenges and difficulties.
During the past year, other than tackling the challenges from different aspects, the Group had never ceased to prepare itself in strengthening the competitiveness in the long-term. The food business and beverage business were consolidated into an integrated business entity. For the instant noodle business, the Group was ahead of peers to upgrade the rich ingredients of bowl noodles which drove the increase in price, and had modified its marketing strategies, which led to healthy competition within the industry with profitable return. We believe that the contribution to the Group from the above strategies will be gradually demonstrated in the foreseeable future.
Moreover, we also continued to increase our investment in branding, R&D and food safety. At the same time the operation of our organization was optimized with operation efficiency enhanced. We will continue to launch more innovative products, so as to provide quality and affordable choices to consumers. In terms of operation, we also maintained a steady financial structure.
In 2014 the Group s turnover was US$10.238 billion, dropped by 6.43% year-on-year. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was US$400 million, decreased 1.97% when compared to last year, earnings per share was US7.15 cents. During the year, we continue to implement structural consolidation for beverage business, which incurred US$73.017 million integration cost. After deducting this cost, the profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 6.52% The board will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US3.57 cents per share. Total amount of final dividend for the year 2014 will be 
According to the latest report published by AC Nielsen, year-to-date December 2014, the Group s market share, in terms of sales volume for instant noodles, RTD tea, and bottled water ranked first in the PRC market, which accounted for 46.8%, 53.9% and 20.8% respectively.
The Group s juice drink gained 23.9% market share and ranked number 2 in the overall juice market. According to Canadean December 2014 data, in 2014 Pepsi s cola favor and Mirinda juice favor carbonated drinks also ranked No.1 in the favor sector, accounting for 48.3% and 38.7% of the market share respectively.
In 2014, Master Kong was being listed in the World s Most Innovative Companies published by Forbes. In March 2014, Master Kong received the Best Product Brand Award and the Best Food & Beverage Brand Award from The German Brands Association. And being recognized the honor of the Most Favorite Brand of University Student for nine consecutive years. Master Kong was awarded the honor of the 2014 Food Safety Cup Most Popular Best Ten Food Safety Enterprise . By obtaining these honors, the brand power and competitiveness of Master Kong were recognized, what s more, we are encouraged to constantly endeavor, trying to provide consumers with more varieties of delicious and safe products.
During the year, we use different ways to help the people in need, such as sponsoring education, fighting floods, relieving earthquakes, relieving poverty, environmental protection and supporting sports activities. In 2014, we continued to allocate resources to take our corporate social responsibility to enable the concurrent healthy development of the enterprise and the society. We actively supported the concept of total quality control from farm to table and strictly abided by the consumer food safety principles. While improving production efficiency, we also continuously implemented energy saving and emission reduction. We continued to initiate the world elite universities scholarship program to support outstanding students across the Strait to further their studies and held Master Kong Creative Challenges to allow more young people with an innovative quality have the opportunity to go to university to further their studies.
In 2015, there is still pressure in the growth of economy in China. It is expected that in 2015, the target for growth in GDP is 7% and the overall development will be maintained in the new state of normal mode. However the new development in urbanization will bring growth.
We are still confident in the potential of the long-term development in China and remain prudently optimistic to the prospects in 2015.
In January 2015, our operational center in Shanghai began to operate.
The Board also appointed Mr. James Wei as the Chief Executive Officer of Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. on 1 January 2015, who is responsible for the overall operation of the Group and supervising the daily businesses of the Group. The Board believes that this will further consolidate the development of the Group on the basis of the existing 
In 2015, the overall operation strategy of the Group will switch to cost saving, efficiency enhancing, and innovation as a result of the sluggish economy and the nature of the consumer market. We will maintain a steady operation, exercise sound control of capital expenditures, improve team skills, tackle enormous challenges and create synergies.
On 18 March 2015, Tingyi Holding signed agreement with US Starbucks Coffee Company to expand China s RTD coffee market. The cooperation with Starbucks will further expand Tingyi s beverage product portfolio and enables us to provide consumers with more high-quality and convenient product options and experiences.
Notwithstanding the competition and challenges we faced in 2014, the wisdom and creativity, hard work and loyalty of Master Kong s staff are the valuable asset of the Group. I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt appreciation to all fellows of the Board, the management and all staff for their efforts made and the trusts and supports from the shareholders.

