Chairman s Statement In 2010, the situation of the Chinese economy was good in general, with gross domestic product (GDP) reaching RMB39.8 trillion, up 10.3% year-on-year. Consumption maintained stable and faster growth, the fixed assets investment structure continued to improve, and foreign trade recovered rapidly. Agricultural and industrial production grew faster, residential income increased steadily, but the pressure for price increase was higher. During the year, CPI increased by 3.3% year-on-year.
Under such an economic environment, the Group introduced a flexible marketing strategy by effectively using its extensive sales network to continuously communicate with consumers, enabling the Group to achieve new height in overall turnover, which increased by 31.50% year-on-year to US$6,681 million. Meanwhile, the Group improved its production efficiency, continued to improve cost management, and properly controlled advertising and promotion costs as well as transportation cost, which enabled the Group to maintain high profit growth despite soaring raw materials and various costs. During the year, EBITDA rose 22.81% to US$1,011 million, while profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 24.42% to US$477 million and earnings per share increased by 1.67 US cents to 8.53 US cents. The Group recorded a double-digit growth in both turnover and EBITDA for six consecutive years, successfully achieving the goal set up at the beginning of the year! Owing to the Group s 2010 excellent results and considering the overall operation, capital expenditures and working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, I recommend in recognition of our shareholders support, an increase in the final dividend this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 10 June 2011 the payment of a final dividend of US4.27 cents per share (an increase of US0.84 cents per share when compared to final dividend per share in 2009 of US3.43 cents) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 10 June 2011 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 2 June 2011 should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on 7 June 2011). Total amount of final dividend for the year 2010 will be US$238.556 million, an increase of 24.49% million when compared to 2009 of US$191.627 
In the large and diverse Chinese food market, Master Kong maintained a leading position in the areas of instant noodle, beverage and bakery. So far, Master Kong can be regarded as the brand that has the greatest penetration in the market channels of China. Master Kong can be seen in every place with commercial consumption activities. Reasonable product structure, the extensive sales network set up through the strategy of Better Access, Broader Reach over the years, and the ever improving production cost control, are all the factors for the continuous growth of Master Kong. According to the December 2010 report published by ACNielson, instant noodles, RTD tea and bottled water of the Group ranked first in the China market, accounting for 55.8%, 51.9% and 20.8% respectively of the market shares in terms of sales value, accounting for 41.6%, 54.1% and 24.1% respectively of market share in terms of sales volume. Diluted fruit juice and sandwich cracker ranked second, accounting for 17.5% and 22.7% respectively of the market shares in terms of sales value and accounting for 19.7% and 23.7% in terms of volume.
In 2010, the Group for the third consecutive year was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes, and for the eighth consecutive year one of the top five of Taiwan s top ten international brands. The brand value of Master Kong has reached US$1,066 million. Furthermore, the brand of Master Kong was among the 5th Asia s 500 most Influential Brands in 2010 and was awarded the title of 2010 Best Online Reputation Company , as well as the Community Innovation Award for 10 Years by Business Times in 2010. These honours not only represented the recognition of the Master Kong brand, but also strengthened our confidence for continuous improvement. Master Kong will continue to develop its brand in the future and to become a world-class 
Master Kong always regards consumer food safety as its own responsibility. It has invested heavily in food safety technology in order to ensure the safety of the entire product production process.
Based on the total quality control concept of From farm to table , Master Kong promotes food safety from the source. Therefore, in respect of food safety management, Master Kong places great emphasis on the design of front-end management system in order to build a optimal cycle for quality safety management of the 
In addition, beginning from 2010, in conjunction with the new stages of corporate development, Master Kong further strengthened its safety management of raw materials on the basis of the original safety control system of raw materials, focusing on five major aspects, namely technical support, specifications, resource optimization, cooperation accreditation and risk warning, forming an effective and reasonably practicable defense line of raw materials, thus building a solid and gapless barrier for food safety.
In respect of food production safety, Master Kong s persistent focus on professional and focused corporate actions has earned the unanimous praise of the industry and consumers. In 2010, Master Kong won 5 awards including Top Ten Food Safety at the 8th China Food Safety Annual Conference, and was also awarded the title of National Food Quality Brand of Consumer Confidence by the China Consumer Protection Foundation.
As the leader in China s food industry, Master Kong not only provides tasty food of quality and safety to consumers and gives investment value to its investors, but also dedicates itself to social causes and taking up its social responsibility. Upholding the spirit of repaying the community and sustainable operation , the Company carries out social charity work in various areas such as sports, basic education, medical treatment, disability support, disaster relief, poverty alleviation and cross-strait cultural exchanges, such as successfully co-organized the New Human Being-New World 2010NTSO Cross- strait Youth Orchestra Concert . In the future, through the Ting Hsin (Master Kong) Culture and Education Foundation, we will continue to promote cross-strait economic, cultural and welfare exchanges. In 2010, Master Kong won the title of 2010 Socially Responsible Enterprise at the annual meeting on social responsibility of Chinese enterprises with the theme of Towards Total Social Responsibility Management .
As the Chinese economy develops, changes in the structure of income distribution and the acceleration of urbanization will increase the level of food spending among low to middle income earners. There are ample opportunities in the domestic food and beverage market. As more and more renowned international food companies increase their investment in China, competition among industry players will become more and more intense. Combining with Master Kong s long-term development plan, the Group will continue to adhere to its product-oriented strategy. By taking advantage of its existing business models, the Group will strengthen its sales network and actively increase the market share of Master Kong s products at different market levels. At the same time, the Group will increase its investment in equipment and production lines to improve production efficiency through the integration of the production faciliteis and refining quality cost. In 2011, the capex for the Group will be about US$934 million.
Furthermore, we will also endeavour to develop new products and new technologies to continuously enrich product offerings and tap into the potential business opportunities in the food and beverage industry in order to meet the diverse needs of consumers and at the same time gain a greater competitive advantage, thus consolidating Master Kong s leading position in the food and beverage industry and making Master Kong the largest Chinese instant food and beverage manufacturer in the world and maximizing shareholders 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and financial institutions who have been supporting our Group, and to the management teams and all other staff for their strenuous works and contributions to the Group s business development.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tianjin, the PRC 21 March 2011 
