Chairman’s Statement
Although China’s economy maintained steady growth in the first half
of 2016, its food and beverage industry was under a certain degree
of pressure in the second half of the year arising from increasing
costs of raw materials in both domestic and international markets and
the change in trends in domestic demand. However, the Group still
showed signs of stabilizing, and will continue, particularly in times of
such macro environment, to take a long-term view, insist on effecting
its transformation and upgrade in a steady manner and monitor any
change in the Group’s free cash flow, so as to achieve its objective of
“Consolidation, Development, Innovation and Safety”.
In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Group’s profit recorded a yearon-year
significant improvement. In 2016, the Group’s revenue was
US$8,371.9 million, profit attributable to owners of the Company was
US$176.9 million and earnings per share was US$3.16 cents. The Board
will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US$1.58 cents per
share. Total amount of final dividend for the year 2016 will be US$89
million.
Although the Group’s market share was slightly below target in 2016
due to factors like the implementation of upgrade procedure, the Group
showed signs of continual recovery in the second half of the year.
Members of the Board and I still hope that our operation team will insist
on effecting transformation and upgrade of the Group, accelerate the
process of promoting young talents, optimize channel management
model, continue to carry out the multi-price band strategy and increase
the flexibility in operation in 2017, so that the Group will be able to
respond rapidly to market development, promote the future source
of growth, lead the upgrade of the industry and satisfy the diversified
needs of customers.
All members of Master Kong will uphold integrity, pragmatism and
innovation as the corporate culture value, and be, as always, dedicated
to work to offer a wide range of healthy and high quality products to
customers. The Group will also adhere to the concept of “pursuing
sustainable development and contributing to the community”, continue
to put a strong emphasis on food safety and discharge its corporate
social responsibility in a practical manner. I wish that our consumers,
employees and shareholders will continue to give their support to
Master Kong, so that together we could move towards a more
sustainable and brighter future.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt appreciation
to all fellows of the Board, the management and all staff and customers.
Wei Ing-Chou
Chairman
Shanghai, the PRC
27 March 2017