M aster Kong will stick to the struggling spirit of diligence and practice, innovation and exceeding, making Master Kong Group become the first tier food conglomerate in the PRC.

Words for a Decade A decade of cultivation, a decade of passion. By the year of 2002, it has been 10 years since the first bowl of Master Kong embarked the Mainland market in August 1992. Sticking to the brand image of friendly, professional and trustworthy, Master Kong has been widely recognized and accepted by the people. Thanks to the continuous research and development in products and improvements in quality, Master Kong brand has become a symbol of stable and value-for-money quality assurance, which was the most precious intangible asset for us in the past 
The market of 1.3 billion people in the PRC is so attractive that no international tycoon in food industry can resist it. The mastery of scale economy and sales network is the sole assurance for our research and success in the PRC market. To achieve this advantage, Master Kong has been very careful on each step for the past 10 years and currently this advantage is the most precious tangibles for the Group.
After 10 years efforts, Master Kong is lucky to be a leading brand in the food industry. Considering the increasingly intense competition in the PRC market, however, Master Kong is never self-satisfied with its intangible and tangible assets it presently has. After the PRC s entry into WTO, the international leading food corporations will stage a comeback and the domestic enterprises will pick up their paces. Under this situation of Competitors both in front and behind , we can only continuously 
This year it is the 10th birthday of Master Kong. Very much thanks to the PRC, for giving Master Kong the fertile soil to grow up, for enabling Master Kong to become mature and stable step by step, for strengthening and enlarging both the Group and the team of employees, for accumulating the strength and fighting spirit to embrace any challenge.
We are facing new challenges and new opportunities. 10 years is only the beginning for Master Kong. We firmly believe, depending on the professional spirit, Master Kong will not only become an expert in noodles, bakery and beverage, but also has more space for future expansion. Master Kong will stick to the struggling spirit of diligence and practice, innovation and exceeding , and continuously keep pioneering enthusiasm and enhance the competition capability, making the Group continue to grow up and become one of the first-class food enterprises in the PRC.

In 2002, the PRC government s continuous policy in encouraging domestic consumption, aggressive finance policy and stable monetary policy have gained a significant effect. Domestic consumption continued to grow and the PRC economy maintained a good development.
To the Group, 2002 was a specially encouraging year. Based on the advantage from external environment, through the Group s extensive sales network, professional production techniques, effective marketing strategies as well as the successful launch of the new products, the Group achieved double digits growth in both turnover and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) in the past four consecutive years. During the fiscal year 2002, the Group s turnover and EBITDA were US$1,100.405 million and US$190.151 million, increased by 16.50% and 22.33% respectively from the previous year. Thanks for the modification of product mix and effective cost control, the profit attributable to shareholders was US$90.928 million and the earnings per share amounted to US1.63 cents. As at 31 December 2002, the Group s net assets increased to US$587.354 million and the Group had cash and bank deposits of US$99.913 million, maintained a very healthy capital structure. The Group s market capitalization exceeded US$1.4 billion at the end of 2002.
From the close of trading on 21 March 2003, the Company was added to the British s FTSE All-World Asia Pacific Ex-Japan Index.

With the consistent encouraging results, return to shareholders continued to increase, earnings per share for the year rose by 50.93% and shareholders long term return was further strengthened. The Board will therefore recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 June 2003 the payment of a final dividend of US0.93 cents per ordinary share, totalling US$51.975 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 20 June 2003. Final dividend for the last year was US0.81 cents per ordinary share, totalling US$45.268 
Through the extensive sales network and the high brand awareness for Master Kong, most of the Group s products can be distributed not only to the major metropolises but also small cities and rural areas. According to ACNielson, for the period of December 2002January 2003, based on sales value, market share for the Group s instant noodle, RTD teas and sandwich crackers were 39.6%, 53.7% and 28.6% respectively, showing the Group s leading position in the industry.

During the year, instant noodle factories in Fuzhou and Qingdao, beverage factories in Tianjin, Wuhan, Hangzhou, Xian and Qingdao obtained ISO 9002 status. At present, 26 factories under the Group have been granted ISO certificates. The Directors are proud of the Group s tradition of producing high-quality food products.

Master Kong was ten years old in 2002. The Group organized the Carnival for Master Kong s 10 years passion . The Group invited a number of 20,000 of the Group s staffs and their relatives in Tianjin, friends from the government department and media, and more than 200 representatives from weakness parties to join the event. All the contributed money made from the carnival have been donated to the poverty-stricken families through the Tianjin Charity Association.
The Group has sponsored The Chinese Orchestra Taipei performed in Tianjin as a cultural exchange activity and the Jacky Cheung Hometown 
For the establishment of Kumning factory in Yunnan, Shiheji factoy in Xinjiang and the expansion for beverage division, the Group increased its number of staff to 26,542. The staff s great effort and valuable contribution have help the Group s long term business in the PRC as well as a good return to shareholders. I would like to thank everyone for their devoted performance during the year.
I know that the task for continuous profit growth is particularly challenging on an expanded base. According to the operating experience in the PRC and advantages from the brand and sales network, the well- defined business strategies and the professional management team, the Group would be able to enhancing customers and shareholders value at home and abroad.

