Chairman s Statement In 2012, the global economy recovery remained sluggish while the European debt crisis continued. The global economy grew slightly, but continued operating at below par, and the economic recovery slowed down significantly. Against this serious international situation, PRC suffered obvious downward pressure with GDP for 2012 increased by only 7.8%, below 8% for the first time in 8 years. The corresponding CPI increased by 2.6%, compared with the last year. This increase in CPI was 2.8% lower than that of the last year.
With the economy grew slower, the consuming behavior of Chinese also changed, becoming more demanding on the price and value. In response to the demand of the market, the Company is also actively put into brand and product innovation, and for which transformation of professionalism and expertise was organized continuously. On 31 March 2012, the strategic alliance between the Company and PepsiCo in the beverage business in the PRC was established. This business combination provided a better platform for integrating innovation and R&D capabilities and capitalizing on the synergies of costs, brands and 
In 2012, the Group s turnover was increased by 17.10% year-on-year to US$9,212 million. Profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by 8.49% to US$455 million; and earnings per share increased by US0.63 cents to US8.14 cents.

Owing to the Group s 2012 results and considering the overall operation, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, the board will recommend, in recognition of our shareholders support at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 7 June 2013, the payment of a final dividend of US3.22 cents per share.
Total amount of final dividend for the year 2012 will be US$180 million.
SOLID MARKET POSITION According to the December 2012 report published by AC Nielson, the Group s market share, in terms of sales volume for instant noodles and RTD tea ranked first in the PRC market, which accounted for 43.8% and 47.5% respectively. Bottled water, diluted fruit juice, carbonated drinks and sandwich crackers ranked second, accounting for 20.6%, 27.0%,33.9% and 24.4% of the market share respectively.
In 2012, Master Kong, for the fifth consecutive years was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes, and for the tenth consecutive years one of the top five of Taiwan s top ten international brands by InterBrand UK. The brand value of Master Kong has reached US$1,308 million. During the year, Master Kong was named one of the top ten most trusted food brands by e-pals in a row in the third food industry 3.15 , and won the title of the Chinese brand leading the future by the Chinese Times. By obtaining these honors, the brand power and competitiveness of Master Kong were recognized, what s more, we are encouraged to constantly endeavor, trying to provide consumers with more varieties of delicious and safe products in return for the trust and cherish by the society and consumers.
Master Kong can sustainably managing its enterprise under the own brand and repaying the society at the same time DEDICATED TO THE FOOD PRODUCTION SAFETY Master Kong always considers production safety and delicious food as the moral philosophy of a company, thus, we treat food safety risk control with the utmost importance. We have formed an effective and reasonably practicable defense line of raw materials, thus building a solid and gapless barrier for food safety. In the tenth China Food Safety Annual Conference in 2012, Master Kong was awarded 3 awards, including Advanced Unit in Safety Building in China s Food Industrial Chain , which was the fifth time of being awarded at the annual conference in a row for the Company.
FOCUSING ON SOCIAL WELFARE, FULFILLING SOCIAL 
Master Kong adheres to the philosophy of from the people, to the people, giving back to the society, sustainable operation . Since its incorporation 20 years ago, the Company has been participating in welfare undertakings, including education, disaster relief, poverty alleviation, environmental protection, cross- strait cultural exchange.
In March 2012, the Company joined hands with Waseda University and Sohu, the biggest PRC portal website, to launch the new New generation with creativity and sound bite Master Kong Waseda University Creative Challenges 0+P e;z0u'Yx[uRec0b 0 activity again, to help the development of welfare undertakings for the Chinese youth. Master Kong hopes its efforts can encourage more young people to have concern about welfare, to realize the welfare dream with creativity and practice, to dedicate to the society and to make progress so that the welfare spirit and action can be persistently carried on. Master Kong Creative Challenges Overseas Study Welfare program won the Silver Prize of Welfare Communication at the China Best Public Relations Case Competition , meanwhile, Master Kong was awarded the Creative Prize of Healthy China 2012 Welfare 
The economy of the PRC is expected to recover modestly in 2013, and the new leadership will continue to implement moderately loose monetary policies, whose reform intention will render the market mechanism more mature. Consumption, investment and export are expected to maintain steady growth, especially consumption. As the income of urban and rural residents (especially the income of migrant workers) continues to grow rapidly, the social security system is further strengthened, and the income distribution policy has been constantly adjusted. The marginal spending power of residents will continue to be improved, and there remains huge development space for the PRC consumer goods market.
In early 2013, we completed organization reforms to divide our business into two dedicated teams, namely food and beverage divisions. These two divisions are striving for growth with assistance from each other in the vast market. The beverage division continues to reduce cost through the integration of resources from Master Kong and PepsiCo as well as the integration of production facilities and supply chains, and achieves synergies while maintaining team stability through upgrading brand marketing, strict control of production and distribution costs, product quality and production efficiency leveraging on a large international company s experience. The food division will focus on the consolidation of the instant noodle business to strengthen the development of instant food. Through the innovation of products and brands, we will deeply explore network opportunities to provide consumers with richer, safer and more delicious products. The system process of the structure after reform will be more streamlined for bring its execution capabilities into full play and more accurately and rapidly reacting to changes in the 
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and financial institutions who have been supporting our Group, and to the management teams and all other staff for their strenuous works and contributions to the Group s business development.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Tianjin, the PRC 18 March 2013 
