Chairman s Statement 
In 2013, the Chinese economy continued to see a slowdown in growth and the economic environment was full of challenges! Under such slowing economic situation, competition remained intense. Coupled with a change in the behavior of consumers, the demand was getting higher for both price and value. In response to the change in the market, we enhanced our investment in brands and product innovation over the past year. With an extensive and dense sales network, premium brands and a deep understanding of the market, we established a strong and solid operating platform to improve our operating efficiency and continuously launched new products to offer more quality and affordable choices for consumers.
In 2013, we made achievements in various aspects with the Group s turnover exceeding US$10 billion to US$10.941 billion. The sales growth of both instant noodle business and beverage business was higher than market growth, grew by 9.38% and 27.09% respectively. During the period, we also managed to achieve the target of breakeven for the operations of Pepsi beverages. In 2013, profit attributable to owners of the Company was US$409 million, decreased 10.92% when compared to last year, earnings per share was US7.30 cents. When excluding the special gain on bargain purchase in 2012, profit attributable to owners of the Company increased 12.34%.
The board will recommend the payment of a final dividend of US3.65 cents per share. Total amount of final dividend for the year 2013 will be 
According to the latest report published by AC Nielsen, year-to-date December 2013, the Group s market share, in terms of sales volume for instant noodles, RTD tea, bottled water and overall juice ranked first in the PRC market, which accounted for 44.1%, 51.8%, 23.6% and 25.9% respectively. According to Canadean December 2013 data, in 2013 Pepsi s cola favor and Mirinda juice favor carbonated drinks also ranked No.1 in the favor sector, accounting for 49.4% and 30.3% of the market share respectively.
2013, Master Kong, for the sixth consecutive years was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes, and for the eleventh consecutive years one of the top five of Taiwan s top ten international brands by InterBrand UK and ranked No.2 in the year. The brand value of Master Kong has reached US$1,498 million. In March 2014, best brands uncovered the most powerful and successful brands in China, Master Kong received the Best Product Brand Award and the Best Food & Beverage Brand Award from The German Brands Association. The ranking is aiming to promote successful and innovative brand management. By obtaining these honors, the brand power and competitiveness of Master Kong were recognized, what s more, we are encouraged to constantly endeavor, trying to provide consumers with more varieties of delicious and safe products.
Master Kong adheres to the philosophy of from the people, to the people, giving back to the society, sustainable operation . We use different ways to help the people in need, such as sponsoring education, fighting floods, relieving earthquakes, relieving poverty, environmental protection and supporting sports activities. In 2013, we continued to allocate resources to take our corporate social responsibility to enable the concurrent healthy development of the enterprise and the society.
We actively supported the concept of total quality control from farm to table and strictly abided by the consumer food safety principles. While improving production efficiency, we also continuously implemented energy saving and emission reduction. We continued to initiate the world elite universities scholarship program to support outstanding students across the Strait to further their studies and held Master Kong Creative Challenges to allow more young people with an innovative quality have the opportunity to go to university to further their studies.
We believe in China s long-term potential and take an optimistic view on its prospects. Under the policy of the Chinese government to support economic growth by driving domestic demand and proceed with urbanization, the consumer market is expected to expand further, which will create sustained growth momentum for the operations of the Group. In 2014, we will continue to consolidate our operating results, strengthen synergies through business alliances and accelerate the innovative development of the Group. In February 2014, Master Kong & PepsiCo alliance and the Shanghai Disney Resort signed a strategic alliance agreement, which marked the beginning of the active expansion of business development by the Group through a strategic alliance.
In 2014, the beverage business focuses on creativity, professionalism, synergy and mutual benefits. The food business emphasizes innovation and enhancing market competitiveness through which the Group will achieve continued growth in sales and profitability.
The results and goals achieved by us in 2013 were attributed to the dedication and hard work of all staff as well as the long-term support from consumers, business partners and shareholders. I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to all staff on behalf of the Board for efforts made by them to always do their best and for their loyalty to Master Kong.

