Chairman s Statement In 2009, the global economy was abnormally volatile under the shadow of the financial tsunami. China took the lead in recovering from the global economic crisis, with annual gross domestic product (GDP) reaching RMB33.54 trillion, up 8.7% year-on-year, and GDP in the fourth quarter further increased significantly to 10.7%. The Chinese government continued to introduce and refine its package of measures to directly drive the growth of domestic demand and effectively stimulate consumption. It is generally believed that China is still the main engine driving the global economy in 2010.
In 2009, the Group seized the opportunity to timely introduce effective marketing strategies. This, coupled with effective use of internal resources, productivity enhancement and raw materials procurement arrangements, has enabled the Group to achieve new height in performance. During the year, turnover increased 18.94% year on year to US$5,081 million, EBITDA rose 26.39% to US$824 million, profit attributable to owners of the Company rose 47.16% to US$383 million, and earnings per share amounted to US6.86 cents. It is even more encouraging that even under external environments of economic ups and downs, abnormal fluctuations of raw material prices and fierce market competition, the Group has successfully achieved its target for five consecutive years of double- digit growth in turnover and EBITDA, reflecting its effective 
Owing to the Group s 2009 excellent results and considering the overall operation, capital expenditures and working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, I recommend in recognition of our shareholders support, an increase in the final dividend this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 9 June 2010 the payment of a final dividend of US3.43 cents per share (an increase of US1.10 cents per share when compared to final dividend per share in 2008 of US2.33 cents) to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 9 June 2010 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 3 June 2010 should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on 7 June 2010). Total amount of final dividend for the year 2009 will be US$191.627 million, an increase of US$61.455 million when compared to 2008 of US$130.172 
China s huge consumer market has attracted international manufacturers to substantially increase their investment in China.
Competition within the industry has become increasing more intense. Also, with the constant changes in consumption structure and the decreasing difference between urban and rural areas, rural markets has become the main battlefields for sectorial competition.
Thus, the Group focused on the scale and specialization of its convenience food and drinks business, and successively reformed some of its production bases, increased capital investments, and appropriately expanded its production capacity. While enriching product items to create a new driving force for the rapid growth, the Group also adjusted the product structure to promote the full development of its products in high, medium and low-end markets, and continued to strengthen its sales network so as to actively increase the market shares of Master Kong products at all levels of 
As the leader in China s food industry, Master Kong has very positive consumer recognition and reputation. On the basis of a solid sales network, the Group continued to invest in its brand, increase national media and local television advertisement and strengthen the image of Master Kong as a brand of high-value instant noodles and tea expert. According to the December 2009 report published by ACNielson, in terms of sales value, instant noodles, RTD tea and bottled water of the Group ranked first in the Chinese market, accounting for 54.6%, 48.4% and 19.6% respectively of the market shares; while sandwich cracker ranked second, accounting for 25.5% of the market shares; and diluted fruit juice ranked second, accounting for 14.2% of the market 
In 2009, the Group for the second consecutive year was named one of the 50 best listed companies in Asia by Forbes, and for the seventh consecutive year one of the top five of Taiwan s top ten international brands. The brand value of Master Kong has reached US$916 million. Moreover, Master Kong was also selected as a Consumer s Favorite Green Trademark by the China Trademark Association and the Chinese Consumers News, a Benchmark Enterprises by the Chinese Marketing Leaders Annual Conference, and one of China s 100 Fastest Growth Company by the Business Weekly. Furthermore, Master Kong was also awarded the honors of 60 Most Influential Brands for 60 Years and People s Social Responsibility Award at the end of the year. These honors not only represent the recognition of the Group s overall operations, but also spur us to continue our efforts to provide consumers with reassuring, tasty and affordable products.
On 1 September 2009, the two Hope Primary Schools in Sichuan, the Dujiangyan Ting Hsin Primary School and the Mianzhu Ting Hsin Fu Hsin Second Primary School, built under the assistance of Ting Hsin International Group, a substantial shareholder of Master Kong, commenced formal operation. In October 2009, Ting Hsin International Group, Master Kong together with Japan s Waseda University announced the joint investment of 2.5 billion Japanese yen (about US$26.4 million) to provide high value scholarships for 5 years to support 425 outstanding students in China to pursue advanced studies in the World s prestigious universities. This serves to foster the internationalization of talents in the Chinese society.
In addition, to tackle China s water pollution crisis, we continued with the Water Innovative Public Welfare Plan Competition and promoted the use of biological water purification device technology to improve water quality and solve the problem of safe drinking water for residents along the Huaihe River.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and financial institutions who have been supporting our Group, and to the management teams and all other staff for their strenuous works and contributions to the Group s business development.

