Chairman s Statement 
China s economy in the year 2007 continued to be on the fast track.
Although the increasing inflation pressure remained a great concern for the economy, the growth was one of the fastest years in its recent economic history and its economic structure, efficiency and the well-being of the people were improved. Domestic consumption bloomed and accelerated. Average income level and spending power continued to get better, resulting in the enhancement of urban and rural consumption patterns.
Capitalizing on the booming economy, the Group actively innovated its products and incessantly explored and opened up new markets.
While steadfastly securing Master Kong s leading position in both instant noodle and ready-to-drink ( RTD ) tea products, we managed to leapfrog to the number one position in bottled water by market share. The results of our bakery business segment turned into profit, thanks to the new strategy. The refrigeration segment also made its strategic adjustment to cope with the changing market conditions. Thanks to the strenuous work of our various business segments, the Group s turnover achieved a new high and performed outstandingly. Hence we are confident and filled with hope that our future business will continue to thrive.
Prices of the Group main raw materials such as flour, palm oil and PET resin continued to rise, putting tremendous pressure on the Group s production costs and profitability. At the same time having to set our priorities on food safety standard and consumer satisfaction, the Group adopted a strategy that had improved its management system, refined its production management and effectively controlled its costs. Thus, our business results achieved another new high. For the year 2007, the Group s total turnover amounted to a new high of US$3,215.404 million, up 37.9% from the previous year. This results in profit attributable to equity holders of US$194.837 million, up 30.8% from that of a year ago. Earnings per share was US3.49 cent.

Owing to the Group s 2007 excellent results and considerating the overall operation, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, I recommend to the Board to provide a return to our shareholders for their support by increasing the final dividend payout this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 2 June 2008 the payment of a final dividend of US1.62 cents per share totaling US$90.537 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 2 June 2008 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 26 May 2008 should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:30 p.m. on 28 May 2008). Together with the US1.07 cents special dividend per share which was paid on 14 March 2008, total dividend per share for the year 2007 will be US2.69 cents and total amount of dividend will be US$150.336 million. Final dividend and special dividend in last year was US1.38 cents and US1.07 cents respectively.
The total amount of dividend in last year was US$136.923 million.
3. Industry Planning There are always opportunities in China s market but competitions also become keener. Consumers practices continued to adjust and the difference between the consumers in urban and rural areas has narrowed. The market in the rural areas will contribute to our profit increase. In view of this, the Group has never stopped developing its business in this very broad and spread-out market but worked intensely to increase the market shares of Master Kong s products.
By consolidating its existing resources, the Group will endeavor to leverage on its own edge to carry out its development strategies that are specially formulated for its instant noodle, beverage and bakery businesses. We will time the market with product flavors that meet market needs. Through product innovation, we enhance product vitality. While the Group will continue to expand with a rapid pace, it will at the same time actively enhance management quality and zealously develop the market. Thus, the Group will not only be expanded but also be robust. Therefore our competitive edge will become our strength. Going forward the Group will further strengthen the leading positions of Master Kong s various products in China s market. Hinging on our best competitive edge, we will grab market shares to solidify our objective of becoming the biggest Group for Chinese Instant Food and Beverage in the World .
4. ProductBrand Positions With a leading position in China s food industry, Master Kong has always endeavored to identify delicacies from all places and studied the eating and drinking habits of consumers in China. We innovate and improve our products in order to come up with the right tastes.
With its strength, Master Kong is now forging a grand blueprint that will merge delicacies from all parts of China into one that will make Master Kong a kingdom of food that represents the culture of Chinese delicacies. According to the December 2007 report published by ACNielsen based on sales, the Group had market shares of 47.0%, 51.9% and 15.4% for instant noodle products, RTD tea products and bottled water products respectively. Hence Master Kong has become the icon for instant noodles in China while its sandwich cracker products emerged to be steadfastly second and gaining 25.6% market share.
In June 2007, Master Kong was awarded The Best Brand Enterprise Award 2007 (Greater China) which was sponsored by the Hong Kong Productivity Council and co-sponsored by the China Trademark Association.
In the same year, it was awarded the fifth phase in The Taiwan Top 10 Global Brands and also honored as Rising Star in The Taiwan International Brands 2007 . The value of the Master Kong branding has hence increased from US$412 million in 2006 to US$726 million in 2007 an increase of 76%. The performance that Master Kong demonstrated in 2007 has laid a solid foundation for the betterment of our future 
5. Quality Assurance It has all along been the Group s belief that food safety is of essence to an enterprise. Hence we have incessantly pursued higher and higher standards for product quality. All manufacturing plants within the Group have been awarded ISO 9001 certification, Food Safety Management System QS certification and the C mark certification for the exempting from measurement inspection. In the meantime, we have aimed to become a big international food product manufacturer. Thus, we are building a food safety precautionary system by deploying the standards of HACCP quality assurance system in order to produce healthy food products that consumers 
2007 was the year that the Group continued to actively participate in evaluating programs that rate food safety credibility. We continued to invest in advanced testing and inspection instruments in order to enhance our standard of quality inspection. We strongly believe that food safety concerns the well being of consumers and the survival of an enterprise and commitment to food safety standards is our social 
6. Social Contribution It has been the Group s concerted will to achieve an everlasting operation and to forge a centennial enterprise . While we prosperas a well-managed and good image enterprise, we have never forgotten our social responsibility. In 2007, we continued to support athletic establishments in China and we also sponsored the Tianjin TEDA Football Club named Master Kong consecutively for 6 years which won the 6th place in the China Premier League 2007. We also actively participated in a series of activities that help children in poverty, such as the Project of Hope . In addition, we participated actively in the relief for the snow disasters victims that occurred in Southern China. All these have not only drawn us closer to our consumers but have also exhilarated the reputation of the Master Kong brand image.
7. Management Team The number of staff employed by the Group has increased to 45,990. With the robust growth of the Chinese market and its fierce competition, human resources become a major bottleneck for the development of each enterprise. To cope with this, we have formulated a plan to continue to recruit high calibre staff. The implementation of our policy to retain talents has successfully convinced our management teams to serve the Group wholeheartedly.
Also, the Group will continue to monitor critical positions and critical functions and pave ways for grooming of successors. During the year, the Group send staff of outstanding performance to Japan for training to help the Group to sustain its rapid growth in this fiercely competitive market after their return.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and financial institutions who have given their support to our Group, and to the management teams and all other staff for their strenuous works and contributions to the Group s business 
