Go from Strength to Strength for the Quest of Excellence 
In the year 2005, the acceleration of consumption structure upgrading and the high degree of urbanization were driving the PRC economy at a high speed. As a result of coping with the situation in adjusting the strategies and exploiting the markets, by catching the right opportunities, Master Kong Instant Noodles and Tea Drinks continued to occupy the leading position in the market.
Furthermore, the Group broke the record again and gained a brilliant growth in turnover. Sales performance for bakery and refrigerated products also achieved a fast growth. Although there are continuous price increases from flour, PET plastic resin and sugar, the Group s performance was encouraging by the strategic direction of placing priority on improving profit and effective control from the Group s management and marketing level. The Group s total sales for the year have reached the level of US$1,845.609 million, 25.8% higher than in previous year. For the whole year, the Group s profit attributable to shareholders amounted to US$123.529 million and earnings per share amounted to US 2.21 cents.

The Group has maintained a strong foundation in its financial structure. Coupled with the 2005 excellent results and after taking into the consideration of the Group s overall operation, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, the Board recommends to provide a return to our shareholders for their support by increasing the final dividend payout this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 12 June 2006 the payment of a final dividend of US 1.25 cents per share totaling US$69.859 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 9 June 2006 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 2 June 2006 and should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:00 p.m. on 6 June 2006).
Together with the US 1.07 cents special dividend per share which was paid on 22 February 2006, total dividend per share for the year 2005 will be US 2.32 cents, total amount of dividend will be US$129.658 million. Final dividend in last year was US 1.14 cents and the total amount of dividend was US$63.712 million.
3. Industry Layout The competition of PRC markets in the year 2005 was more fierce.
In order to gain the market and profit and keep the leading position continuously, by the strategic guiding principle of Always Abreast of Time, Profit is a Priority , the Group continued to enhance control on its management and products, solidify consumers brand loyalty and accompany with strong strategic alliances to supplement the capability which the Group did not possess at this stage. These efforts have strengthened and improved the Group s 
On 4 July 2005 the Group established a joint venture company in Tianjin with Japanese Kameda Seika Co., Ltd. ( Kameda ). With Kameda s professional support, the Group may produce different kinds of rice products by fully utilizing the Group s production facilities for rice crackers. On 11 July 2005 the Group also established another joint venture company in Hangzhou with Japanese Kagome Co., Ltd. and Itochu Corporation to produce vegetable juice, mixed vegetable and fruit juice and vegetable and lactic beverage. Through this cooperation, the Group is expected to further diversify its business into the production and distribution of 
Leveraging on deep plowing in village markets and increased consumers demands for instant noodle in rural areas, the Group continued to build low-end instant noodle production factories this year. With the advance of consumers concern for the quality of water, the Group has added mineral water factories in cities. The increase in production capacity will strengthen the Group s sales and further shorten the distance between the Group and end-users. At the same time, the Group s operation cost can be controlled effectively to enhance its competitiveness in the markets.
4. ProductBrand Status Due to providing high-quality products, strengthening brand communication and enhancing consumers trust, according to AC Nielsen s report in December 2005, based on sales value, market shares for the Group s instant noodle, RTD teas and sandwich crackers were 36.9%, 50.3% and 24.0% respectively, showing the Group s leading position in the industry. In the year 2005, the brand of Master Kong has gained the Taiwan Top 10 Global Brand award based on the research carried out by British INTERBRAND and it was the third year the Group gained the grant. In the year 2005, Master Kong also won the Hong Kong 20052006 Superbrands award. The brand of Master Kong has extensive recognition and acceptance among consumers.
5. Quality Control Quality control and food safety are the heart of food industry. The Group has tried the best to achieve the aim of ALL QC . Currently, all noodles factories under the Group have obtained ISO 9001 certification and the PRC QS certificate except for those new factories for low-end noodle. All beverage factories have gained ISO 9001 certificate, the PRC QS certificate and the HACCP certificate except for those new mineral water factories. Bakery factories of the Group obtained ISO 9001 Version 2000 certificate, the PRC QS certificate and the C certificate. The Directors are proud of the Group s management system of producing high-quality food 
6. Social Contribution The Group does not forget to provide a return to the society while we operate the business diligently.
1) Continuing to support China s sports business. 2005 was the fourth year to name the football team as Master Kong , which gained the fourth place in the China Super League, and sponsor Tianjin TEDA Football Club.
2) Continuing to unite the Group s subsidiaries in aid of disadvantaged groups. The Master Kong Family Day and Loving Care Garden Party were held continuously in Hangzhou, Shenyang, Chongqing, Guangzhou, Wuhan, Kunming, Harbin and Xinjiang. Over twenty-three thousands people took part in the above activities and all proceeds were donated to disadvantaged 
3) Supporting charity activity: The Group has been participating the Healthy Mother Express charity activity that will send the care and hope to the mothers in the western poverty-stricken areas.
The Group was awarded the title of Charity Star by Tianjin Charity Association for affirming the Group s 15 years contribution to the charity.
7. Established an American Depositary Receipt The Company has established a sponsored, unlisted American Depositary Receipt ( ADR ) facility, which has been effective on 23 January 2006. The Board of Directors of the Company believes that the ADR facility will provide the Company with a measure of exposure to the U.S. capital market, at a minimal cost financially and in terms of maintenance effort.
8. Constituent Stock of British s FTSE All-World Asia Pacific Ex-Japan Index From the close of trading on 24 March 2006, the Company was added as constituent stock of the British s FTSE All-World Asia Pacific Ex-Japan Index. This helps further building up investors confidence in the Group and reflects that the Group has gained its reputation among investors.
9. Management Team Under the condition of continuous expansion and in-depth extension, the number of the Group s staff was only 25,273 at the end of the year. The Group's work force was benefited from the production skill improvement, the management system enhancement and the extraordinary talent policy.
In order to produce a more excellent enterprise, the Group has engaged the Directors of Production, R&D, Purchase and Human Resource with professional and reputable backgrounds. The efforts not only strengthen the Group s management but also promote the Group toward internationalization.
The Board of Directors would like to say their appreciation to the management team and all staff for their contribution. Due to their efforts, the Group overcame the big challenge and reached such bountiful results for the year.
In the year 2006, the Group will go from strength to strength for the quest of excellence a greater success and create the appreciation of consumers and shareholders value continuously.

Chairman and Chief Executive Tianjin, the PRC 24 April 2006 
