In the year 2006 China s economy sustained its uninterrupted rapid growths over the past few years, echoing a burgeoning momentum that featured a faster growth rate, a more efficient economy, less inflationary pressure and therefore more appealing to the public. The synergy within the economic development was enhanced. The nation s consumption was robust and set to accelerate. And consumption of residents in the suburban area began to flourish, thanks to their escalating income levels and the nation s various consumption incentive policies.
Capitalizing on this opportunity of a thriving economy, the Group actively launched new products in the market, explored new markets, solidifying the leading positions of the Master Kong instant noodles and RTD teas. Hence, our sales achieved new highs and our business results accomplished outstanding performance. Bakery and refrigerated drinks also performed satisfactorily with new streams of products making their debuts.
Principal raw materials such as flour, palm oil, sugar and PET plastic resin all stayed at high prices, putting a lot of pressure on production costs and hence room for profit. To counter it without sacrificing consumer safety and consumer satisfaction, the Group took measures to improve its management system, develop its production management and effectively control its costs. As a result, the Group achieved yet another summit in its business results. Turnover for the year recorded a new high of US$2,331.733 million representing an increase of 26.34% comparing with a year before. Profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company increased by 20.56% to US$148.925 million, equivalent to an earnings per share of US 2.66 
Owing to the Group s 2006 excellent results and after taking into consideration the overall operation, capital expenditures, working capital requirements and cash flow of the Group, I recommend to the Board to provide a return to our shareholders for their support by increasing the final dividend payout this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 11 June 2007 the payment of a final dividend of US 1.38 cents per share totaling US$77.124 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 8 June 2007 (shareholders who bought the Company s shares on or before 1 June 2007 and should ensure that transfers are lodged with the Company s Registrar in Hong Kong for registration no later than 4:00 p.m. on 5 June 2007). Together with the US 1.07 cents special dividend per share which was paid on 14 February 2007, total dividend per share for the year 2006 will be US 2.45 cents, total amount of dividend will be US$136.923 million. Final dividend and special dividend in last year was US 1.25 cents and US 1.07 cents respectively. The total amount of dividend in last year was 
3. Industry Layout Prudence in management, optimizing product mix and richness in market experience is the cornerstone of our success.
Where there is opportunity there is competition.
China makes no exception. It has a very big market appetite to be satiated; yet competitions are getting keener and keener. Consumer structures continue to change and merge cities and villages are getting closer. The market in rural areas is an uncharted land that should worth our exploration.
In order to make our products more price-affordable to residents in towns and villages, effective control on operating costs is the key. We are making intensive penetration into towns and villages, as well as planning and constructing plants for low end instant noodles to cope with the increasing demand of our products from rural consumers.
Simultaneously, we go an extra mile further to build mineralized water plants in suburban areas of metropolitan cities as consumers craving for quality drinking water has gained momentum. Furthermore, the Group is building a natural mineral water factory in Jilin Changbaishan to prepare better quality water supply to the market, thus helping strengthen our sales in this market segment by wielding our competitive advantage to capture market shares.
4. ProductBrand Positions With our steadfast distribution channels, we continued to increase our brand investment, expand our areas of coverage and extend the promotion of localized delicacies. By upgrading our products value image, we forged Master Kong as a premier instant noodle brand. To this end, Master Kong has firmly secured its position as the leading instant noodle brand in terms of market share. According to the December 2006 report published by ACNielsen, the Group shared about 43.3% of the instant noodle market in terms of sales value.
Thus, Master Kong has become an icon for Chinese instant noodles.
The Group continued to promote its series of tea products, employing a strategy that increases the variety of aroma and provides differentiation. A tea master image is therefore in the making. A strong thrust of sales and market shares and thus the business results will solidify Master Kong series of tea products into a market leader of its kind in China. ACNielsen s December 2006 research report suggested that Master Kong dominated 53.6% share of China s RTD tea market, ranking it the first. Its mineralized drinking water launched in early 2005 also performed extraordinary well in 2006, sharing 11.0% of the market, and Sandwich crackers shared 22.2% of the market. Both ranked second in their respective leagues of contenders.
Consecutively for the past four years, Master Kong has won a position in The Taiwan Top 10 Global Brands as a result of the study carried out by INTERBRAND of Britain in 2006. The value of the brand Master Kong increased from US$317 million in 2005 to US$412 million in 2006, a surge of 30% - the highest among the top 10 brands in terms of value growth. Now, we are poised to continue to flourish with such a robust and solid foundation.
5. Quality assurance certification The Group has all along considered food safety is the essence to a food manufacturing enterprise and, hence, we ensure that all our productions are of good quality. Plants within the Group have been awarded with ISO 9001 certification, Food Safety Management System QS certification and the C mark certification on measurement examination requirements. In order to demonstrate and exemplify our devotion to social responsibilities, the Group signed a declaration, namely The Faith and Truth Declaration of the Famous Enterprises in Noodle Products Industry in China . We have strictly ensured our compliance with various standards required by the nation and produced healthy food products that consumers 
During 2006, the Group actively participated in the ranking assessment for the credibility of food safety. Tianjin Tingyi International Food Products Ltd. was assessed to have an A grade, i.e. an enterprise with excellent credibility in food safety.
In 2006 Fourth Food Safety Annual Meeting, Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. was awarded the 2006 Nation-wide Top 10 Enterprises on Food Safety . And this was the second consecutive year that the Company had been honored with the title. This is the fruition that comes with our strong belief that food safety concerns the lives of our people and therefore the survival of an enterprise like us; this is the attainment that results from our moral integrity towards consumers; this is an indispensable ingredient for building a society of harmony.
6. Social contribution We supply safe, nourishing and healthy products of good quality without forgetting to reciprocate the society and to set an example of good enterprise. We have been supporting China s athletic establishments and were named in 2006 the Master Kong soccer team, consecutively for 5 years and we also sponsored Tianjin s TEDA Football Club. Tianjin Master Kong soccer team won the 6th place in the China Premier League held by China s Football Association. We also actively participate in the activity against poverty Stand Up held by the Global Call to Action Against Poverty and the United Nations Millennium Campaign to subsidize children in poverty-stricken areas to learn about growing up.
7. Management team In 2006 we saw new plants streaming into production one after the other and the number of our staff swelled to 32,631.
Facing the very rapid development of the Chinese market and the severe competitive environment, and in order to be more professional and more devoted; in order to pursue excellence, quickly building up a pool of talents is an important task. As a result, the Group has never stopped training and nurturing our staff. This includes training up management and staff on their capacities that match with their anticipated career developments. During the year, the Group sent its staff who demonstrated excellent performance to Japan for professional training with a belief they will, after their returns, contribute to building an enterprise that lasts and an enterprise that continue to thrive in the fierce competition in the future that one can now envisage.
The Chinese saying goes: one reaps no more than what one has sown. For the extraordinary business performance we achieved in 2006, the Board would like to extend their appreciation to the strenuous work the management and the staff made in the year.
Looking ahead for 2007 the Group will endeavor to create another summit and make our dreams come true and to continue to serve consumers, with the ultimate objective of creating higher 
