Solidify the Growth Platforms and Lead the Waves of Change 
The period under review was a year marked by different adverse circumstances so that the Group s performance was below expectation.
With the forecast that the PRC beverage market would be fast growing, the Group had made huge investment in beverage facilities. Because of the outbreak of SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), cooler summer and the flood, beverage sales could not reach the Group s target.
Coupled with the price increase both from palm oil and PET plastic materials in the first quarter and flour and rice in the fourth quarter, the continuous cost increase directly affected the Group s profit. Fortunately, thanks for the strong base for the Group s core business instant noodles, during the difficult period, it made use of its production with vertical integration, flexible marketing strategies and the advantage of the Group s sales network. Instant noodle sales for the year reached US$783.441 million, an increase of 22.9% over 2002. During the traditional low season for beverage in the fourth quarter, through the strategy of New Package Line Extension and Hot Drink , beverage sales achieved a growth of 92.4% when compared with the corresponding period last year and turnover reached US$59.459 million. However, the substantial growth could not make up the sales loss caused by natural disasters during the high seasons. As a result, beverage sales for the year only grew by 6.0% to US$379.112 million. For the whole year, the Group maintained a stable sales performance of US$1,260 million, 14.6% higher than in previous year, profit attributable to shareholders amounted to US$35.816 million and earnings per share amounted to US0.64 cents.

The Group introduced quarterly results announcement during the third quarter in 2000 and released quarterly report and posted the full report in the Group s web-site on the same day during the third quarter in 2001. The quarterly reporting is to promote high standards of corporate governance and provide shareholders with timely information about the Group s performance. The quarterly, interim and final financial reports were reviewed by the Audit Committee before they were presented to the Board. The voluntary publication of the Group s results on a quarterly basis demonstrates the Group s commitment to transparency and good 
According to AC Nielsen, for the period of December 2003January 2004, based on sales value, market shares for the Group s instant noodle, RTD teas, diluted juice drinks and sandwich crackers were 43.5%, 47.2%, 22.7% and 24.4% respectively, showing the Group s leading position in the 
The Group s instant noodle has entered into Taiwan market for one year.
According to AC Nielsen, in December 2003, based on volume, Master Kong s instant noodle has gained 17% market share. In September 2003, the brand of Master Kong has gained the fourth position in the 2003 Taiwan Top 10 Global Brand based on the research carried out by British INTERBRAND and the brand value for Master Kong has been estimated to reach US$341 million, which is the most valued brand in Taiwan food industry.

Quality Control is the heart of food industry. The Group has tried the best to achieve the aim of ALL QC . During the year, out of the 13 instant noodle factories, 10 factories have obtained ISO 9002 certification. All beverage factories under the Group have been granted the PRC QS certificate. The beverage factories in Tianjin and Wuhan have also obtained the HKACCP certificate. The bakery factory in Tianjin has been granted the ISO 9001 Version 2000 and the PRC QS certificate. At present, 27 factories under the Group have been granted ISO certificates.
The Directors are proud of the Group s management system of producing high-quality food products.

For the expansion both for beverage division and instant noodle division, the Group increased its number of staff to 27,803. During the SARS outbreak and the period of severe operating conditions, all staff strictly adhered to their duties and joined hands with Master Kong to overcome the difficulty to maintain operations of the Group uninterrupted. The shareholders and I would like to thank everyone for their devoted performance during the year.

During the SARS outbreak in May, to respect the heroic performance of the frontline medical staff, the Group distributed Master Kong s products to hospitals in Tianjin, Beijin, Xian, Lanzhou, Shanghai and Chongqing.
During the year, the Group continued to organize the Carnival for Master Kong in different areas to invite a total number of 18,000 staff and their relatives, friends from government department and media, and also representatives from weak social groups to join the events. All the contributed money derived from the carnival have been donated to different charity associations. Meanwhile, to provide the support to the PRC football development, the Group has sponsored the Tianjin TEDA Football Team to participate in the PRC Football Match Group A with the name of Master Kong Football Team .
Solidifying the Growth Platforms and Leading the Waves of Change The fast growing PRC food market is the focus around the world and is so attractive that the international corporations and the domestic enterprises continue to join in the market. As a result, the PRC food market becomes more competitive. In view of the different changes in the market and the development of the rural area, to further expand the market share, the Group must accompany with strong strategic alliances to fill in the gap of the Group s diminishing capability so that the Group can achieve the everlasting leading position in the market. To enhance the ability for production and R&D by introducing international high technology, on 27 December 2003, the Group entered into the agreement in relation to the co-operation with Asahi Breweries, Ltd.
( Asahi ) and Itochu Corporation ( Itochu ) whereby the Group will transfer to AI Beverage Holding Co. Ltd. ( AI Beverage ), formerly AI Breweries, 49.995% interest of the beverage business and work together to operate the fast growing but intense competition beverage market in the PRC. To cultivate the sizable rural market, the Group also co- operates with the domestic companies. In December 2003, the Group entered into the agreement with ZhongWang Group which is mainly producing low-end instant noodle in the PRC and would establish a joint venture company called The Third Prince (Santazi) Company Limited, Hebei. The Group will invest Rmb250 million and will own 50% interest of the joint venture company. Such arrangement will strengthen the Group s competitiveness in the low-end instant noodle market which represents 65% of the total PRC instant noodle market. In addition, to further enhance the Group s logistics ability, the Group entered into an agreement on 26 March 2004 in relation to the co-operation with Itochu to form a strategic partnership in logistics business in the PRC. The Group will transfer 49.99% equity interests in Tingtong (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. ( TingTong ) to Itochu. Tingtong is the Group s wholly- owned subsidiary and engaged in logistics services. The co-operation will benefit the two groups in their operation of logistics industry in the PRC.

The Group has maintained a strong foundation in its financial structure.
As the Group continues to maintain a healthy net cash position for funding future development, I would recommend to the Board to provide a return to our shareholders for their support by way of a more generous dividend policy. The board will therefore recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 18 May 2004 the payment of a final dividend of US1.13 cents per share, totalling US$63.152 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 18 May 2004. Final dividend for the last year was US0.93 cents per share, totalling US$51.975 million.
In view of the increasingly intense competition in the PRC market, the Group believes that based on the existing advantages of Master Kong in the PRC, the struggling spirit of diligence and practice, innovation and exceeding and the establishment of strategic alliances, the Group would be able to enhance customers and shareholders value.

