Always Abreast of Time Continue to Building Value 
Year 2004 was a difficult year for food industry in the PRC. As a result of the Group s flexible marketing strategies, Master Kong Instant Noodles and Tea Drinks continued to be the market leader and the sales growth were good. Sales performance for bakery and refrigerated products also achieved a fast growth. Because of the price increase from PET plastic resin, sugar, flour and palm oil, the Group s operation cost has been increased continuously. Coupled with the severe market competition which has hindered the price increase for the Group s products, the Group s profit was affected. The Group s total sales for the year have reached the level of US$1,466.889 million, 16.4% higher than in previous year. The Group has completed two co-operation projects with strategic partners in late April and realized capital gain of US$272.955 million. For the whole year, the Group s profit attributable to shareholders amounted to US$286.429 million and earnings per share amounted to US 5.13 cents.

The Group has maintained a strong foundation in its financial structure.
Coupled with the share transfer of beverage business and logistics business, the Group realized capital gain of US$272.955 million. As the Group continues to maintain a healthy net cash position for funding future development, I would recommend to the Board to provide a return to our shareholders for their support by increasing the dividend payout this year. The Board will recommend at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 13 June 2005 the payment of a final dividend of US 1.14 cents per share, totaling US$63.712 million to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members on 13 June 2005 (shareholders who bought the Group s shares on or before 3 June 2005).
Final dividend for the last year was US 1.13 cents per share, totaling 
Always Abreast of Time, Continue to Building Value In view of the different changes in the market and the development of the rural area in the PRC, to further expand the market share, the Group must accompany with strong strategic alliances to fill in the gap of the capability which the Group does not possess so that the Group can achieve the everlasting leading position in the market. In April 2004, the Group completed: (1) transfer of 49.99% beverage business interests to AI Beverage Holding Co. Ltd. ( AI Beverage ), a joint venture company of Asahi Breweries, Ltd. ( Asahi ) and Itochu Corporation ( Itochu ) to work together to operate the fast growing but intense competition beverage market in the PRC; and (2) transfer of 49.99% interests in Tingtong (Cayman Islands) Holding Corp. to Itochu to enhance the two group s logistics ability in the PRC .
In addition, to cultivate the sizable rural market, the Group obtained the whole operation right for Yi Wan Xiang Food Co., Ltd., which is principally engaged in the production and distribution of low-end instant noodles, through an agreement with the joint venture partner, Wang Zhong-Wang. Such arrangement will strengthen the Group s competitiveness in the low-end instant noodle market which represents 65% of the total PRC instant noodle market. In May 2005, the Group will complete to transfer 49.99% equity interests in Tianjin Tingjia Machinery Co., Ltd. which is engaged in installation and maintenance of plant and machinery to New Tokyo Monki Co., Ltd. which is engaged in research and design of instant noodle production process facilities. The co- operation will enhance the Group s production skill in instant noodle machinery and further strengthen the Group s vertical integration in instant noodle business.

According to AC Nielsen, for the period of December 2004January 2005, based on sales value, market shares for the Group s instant noodle, RTD teas and sandwich crackers were 37.7%, 46.6% and 27.5% respectively, showing the Group s leading position in the industry. In September 2004, the brand of Master Kong has gained the fourth position in the 2004 Taiwan Top 10 Global Brand based on the research carried out by British INTERBRAND and it was the second year the Group gained the reward.

Quality Control is the heart of food industry. The Group has tried the best to achieve the aim of ALL QC . During the year, all the instant noodle factories have obtained ISO 9001 certification. All beverage factories under the Group have been granted both ISO 9001 certification and the PRC QS certificate. All the beverage factories have been gained the HACCAP certificate except the new factory in Fuzhou and it expected to gain the certificate in 2005.
Bakery factories in Tianjin and Guangzhou obtained both ISO9001 Version 2000 and the PRC QS certificate.
The Directors are proud of the Group s management system of producing high-quality food products.
In view of the increasingly intense competition in the PRC market, the Group believes that based on the existing advantages of Master Kong in the PRC, the struggling spirit of diligence and practice, innovation and exceeding and the establishment of strategic alliance, the Group would be able to enhance customers and 
1. Continuing to support China s sports business. 2004 was the third year to name the football team for Master Kong , which gained the sixth place in the first year of China Super League, and sponsor Tianjin TEDA Football Club. The Ten Thousand People Healthy Running campaign was held to assist Guangzhou City to bid for 2010 Asia Games.
2. Continuing to unite the Group s subsidiaries in aid of disadvantaged groups. The Master Kong Family Day and Loving Care Garden Party were held continuously in Wuhan, Qingdao, Xi an, Tianjin and Fuzhou.
Over sixteen thousands people took part in the above activities and all proceeds were donated to disadvantaged groups. In addition, the Group held the large-scale charity sale for Paying Close Attention to Needy Students Project in the western China.
3. Supporting culture and art activities. Cross-Strait Juvenile s Painting Exchange and Tianjin International Children Arts Festival were held 
4. Organizing employees in Tianjin to donate blood in order to ease the blood-shortage in the city.

Through the improvement of the production skill, the number of the Group s staff has been reduced to 25,003. During the period of severe operating conditions, all staff strictly adhered to their duties. The shareholders and I would like to thank everyone for their devoted performance during the year.

Chairman and Chief Executive Tianjin, the PRC 26 April 2005 
