Chairman s Statement CHU Lam Yiu 
For the year ended 31 March 2012, the Group s sales revenue reached approximately HKD3,311 million, representing an increase of approximately 16.1% over last year, while profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HKD1,750 million, representing an increase of approximately 9.1% over last year. The management and I are pleased with the above remarkable results achieved despite various unfavourable external and macroeconomic conditions. Meanwhile, the Company declared a final dividend of HK8.88 cents per Share, bringing the total accumulated dividends distributed by the Group since be listing of its flavour and fragrance business to over HKD2.6 billion. Through dividend payments, the Group has brought favorable returns to its Shareholders.
Persistent in the development strategy of multi- pronged, focus growth , the Company sees healthy 
After years of development, the Group has become a leading player in China s flavours and fragrances industry. Today, the Group has also made remarkable achievements in the businesses of RTL and new cigarette materials, thereby paving the way for further development of the Group. Looking back on our successful development in the past years, we can attribute such achievements to the management s persistence in the development strategy of multi-pronged, focus growth , which constantly creates greater value for our customers and users by taking the market-oriented approach, concentrating on research and development and stepping up efforts in exploration and innovation. In 2006, the Group s flavours and fragrances business was successfully listed in Hong Kong. With strong support from all Shareholders, the Group has opened a new chapter in its development. The Group has recruited a great number of overseas and domestic high-calibre talents and significantly improved its management efficiency, thus the Group was guided into the right path for healthy development.
Challenging industry and operating environment, more cautious about future outlook Currently, the domestic and international environments are not looking optimistic. Among others, the European debt crisis, the distanced US economy recovery, and the Chinese economy showing signs of slowing down. Since last year, a series of serious food safety problems once again placed the food and food additives industry into scrutiny. As a result, the food additives and flavours industry entered into a structural adjustment period. Recently, the Chinese government started to implement limitations to the government s spending on cigarette, alcohol and premium cigarette, which added uncertainties to the development of China tobacco industry. I am satisfied with the stable growth achieved by the management, though in the mean time I also became more cautious about future 
New business and new thinking, Huabao s business transformation has commenced Luckily, with a foresight, I led with the management to enter into RTL and new cigarette materials industries, Huabao has therefore entered into an area of new growth. Since 2010, the Group made substantial progress in developing the businesses of RTL through the acquisition of a RTL enterprise. The Group clearly defined its positioning in the industry and took relevant development initiatives, which further reinforced the development strategy of multi-pronged, focus growth . In addition, the Group formulated a new development concept of using the end market consumers as the pivot point, to effectively help customers to understand end users needs. To fully utilize Huabao s tobacco chemistry technology, cigarette flavouring technology, and technological advantages in RTL and new cigarette materials, the Group will capitalize on the perfect integration of its businesses of flavours and fragrances, RTL and new materials for cigarettes to develop products with strong market potential.
As a result, the Group will be able to create greater value for customers and achieve a win-win situation and mutual development.
Currently, our new businesses including RTL and new materials for cigarettes have seen strong development momentum. The Group has established joint-major laboratories with a number of large tobacco groups. The Group will then proceed to establish brand laboratories with major tobacco customers. The Group has kicked off its business transformation to develop itself from a simplistic flavours and fragrances company into one with multiple growth drivers. For this, the Group will perform streamlining and adjustment to its existing business segments and structure. I have full confidence in and remain highly optimistic about the long-term development of the Group! Responded to crisis solemnly, protecting shareholders 
Ever since last year, the Company had suffered from a series of groundless accusations and condemnations, resulting in wild fluctuation in the share price and both the Company and its Shareholders suffered severe loss. The management was in unity to rebut the relevant criticism in a prudent and detailed manner. In addition, I have notified the Company in writing, my intention to increase my shareholding as soon as practicable and in full accordance with the relevant regulatory requirements. The management and I are confident that we are able to overcome this crisis, and we strongly believe that, as long as the Company keeps on bringing returns for its Shareholders, the true value of the Company will ultimately be reflected in the market.
Further elevate corporate governance and transparency Huabao aim to further elevate its corporate governance and transparency in the future, in order to increase shareholders and investors confidence. The Company will once again appoint an independent risk assessment consultant, to closely assess the Company s internal control checkpoints. Further, as the Company s Chairman and Executive Director, I will lead the management team to step up in communication with the capital market in the future, so as to further improve the Company s transparency.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our loyal Shareholders, customers, suppliers and principal bankers, etc., for their continuous shepherd and support. I truly wish to express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and all staff members of the Group for their diligent hard-work in the past year. Together with the management and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , to strive for the best of Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all 
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 20 June 2012 