LETTER FROM CHAIRMAN 
This year is my first time addressing you as your Non-Executive Chairman. I relinquished my role as an Executive Director with effect from 30 June 2010.
Group turnover and net profit were impacted by the slow consumer environment and decreased to HK$33,734 million and HK$4,226 million, respectively. Nonetheless Esprit is focused on the future and our ambitions for our Company remain high. Despite the business environment remaining challenging for the past year, we recorded satisfactory results whilst undertaking a series of Strategic Initiatives and investments aimed at strengthening the platform of the Group for another phase of significant growth. With a view to minimising inefficiency and to focusing our efforts on locations where we can improve financial performance and customers experience, we decided to close 33 loss making stores after a comprehensive review of our directly managed stores portfolio.
One key milestone of this year is the buyback of our remaining 51% equity interest in the China joint venture. China presents great strategic value to Esprit and we are proud that Esprit is now truly globalised and moving to a more evenly balanced geographic portfolio through an increasingly strong and growing presence in Asia Pacific. The growth dynamics of the Group will forge ahead through a strategic expansion of China which will become Esprit s new growth engine. The deal was partly financed by a self arranged bank loan which was substantially oversubscribed by the banking community.
Such overwhelming support showed the banks belief in the Group s financial status. The loan also helped maintain our cash balance for other uses.
While progressing our strategic and operational priorities, we continued to enhance shareholder value. Our cash position remained very strong with cash and bank balances of HK$6.7 billion as at 30 June 2010. The Board of Directors has proposed to declare a final dividend of HK$0.67 per share (2009: HK$0.72), increasing the regular dividend payout ratio from last year s 40% to 60% going forward as a testament of our commitment to share our success with shareholders. With the introduction of the dividend reinvestment scheme, we allow shareholders the opportunity to increase their investment in Esprit without incurring administrative fees and would also allow us to maintain a stronger cash position for our future 
Bearing in mind the objective to create shareholder value, we further widen the shareholder base by capturing untapped investors with the establishment of a Level 1 sponsored American Depositary Receipt ( ADR ) programme in November 2009. The amount of outstanding ADRs has jumped substantially by over 40% in June 2010 since the launch in November 2009. We are confident that our shareholder base will continue to expand internationally, benefiting from the ADR program which facilitates trading of Esprit shares in the US financial markets.
As the Chairman of the Board, I am pleased to have a very strong board. I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Mr. Paul Cheng, our Deputy Chairman, who was awarded the Director of the Year Award in the Hang Seng Index Constituents Non-Executive Director category by the Hong Kong Institute of Directors. Our teams and people around the world remain the most important ingredient of the Company s success, which is demonstrated by the numerous awards received during the year from various parties including corporate governance, annual reports and investor relations awards. In an effort to develop, maintain and incentivise our talents, a new Share Option Scheme has been established to strengthen performance orientation. We believe stronger linking of incentives to individual s performance is required to boost the entrepreneurial spirit and will translate into more target-oriented decision making in order to achieve company 
Beyond commercial activities, as you can read from our corporate responsibility section, Esprit will not forget to give back to the community. I am proud to report that the Group is continuing to embed sustainability in the business processes and carry on its commitment through programs such as SOS Children s Villages, Community Chest and donations to the 
Looking forward, although the economic conditions are improving, the road to full recovery is still uncertain and there remains the risk of further volatility in the global economy. However, I believe that with our teams passion, adaptability and drive, the prospect of Esprit is only going one way brighter and better.
Heinz Krogner Chairman 2 September 2010 
