During the financial year of 20092010, the Group recorded excellent operational results. In the past five years, despite of global financial crisis, we maintained a rapid growth of operational result while the profit attributable to equity holders delivered a CAGR of 47.5% and the CAGR of the dividends per share also rose by 55.5%, which reflected our efforts to maximize the return for our Shareholders.
In my opinion, innovation is the key factor of the Group s continuous rapid growth. With the backdrop of the changing global environment, the only thing stays still is innovation. Only by adhering to the principle of constant innovation can we meet changes with constancy. I always believe that successful experience in the past is prone to be the cause of failure in the future because success will hinder one from progressing in tandem with times. Ever since its establishment, the Group has upheld innovation as the pillar of corporate development, which penetrates through its development 
Corporate innovation means innovation in every aspects. The awareness of innovation among the management, particularly middle to high level management, and their leading role in pursuing innovation is the key to mobilize employees enthusiasm for creativity because during the course of innovation, we will not only face with difficulties but also frustrations, and the support from the management is crucial to preserve innovators initiative. At the same time, due to the imperfect nature of novelties, the management should pay more attention and tolerance to foster innovations.
Therefore, management at all levels should not only pioneer in the pursuit of innovation by themselves, but also guide and encourage the whole team in the proper direction.
I m gratified to find out that the Group is incorporated with a strong sense of innovation, reflected by the fact that management at all levels excels in promoting the concept of corporate innovation which from my perception is the momentum of the Group s continuous development. I m assured that the Group will continue to reinforce the idea of innovation and maintain the dynamics to surpass other competitors in the Group s future development.
I would like to express my gratitude to the marvelous work contributed by our management team and all staff members. I would also like to express my gratitude to all of our Shareholders for their 
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2010 