Dear Shareholders, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to present to all Shareholders that, for the year ended 31 March 2014, the Group s sales revenue reached approximately HKD4,237 million, representing an increase of approximately 16.2% over last financial year; profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HKD1,977 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.2% over last financial year. In view of the solid financial position and abundant cash flow of the Group that had been maintained, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of HK10.49 cents per Share, together with a special final dividend of HK7.00 cents per Share, bringing the total dividends for this financial year to HK29.05 cents per Share and representing a significant increase of approximately 31% over last financial year.
Dividend payout ratio for the year reached approximately 46%, representing an increase of approximately 5 percentage points as compared with 41% for last financial year. Since listing of the flavours and fragrances business, the Group s diluted EPS grew at a CAGR of 19.2%; meanwhile, the Group has declared dividends of more than HKD4.2 billion, which has achieved its development target of high growth, high payout .
Operating environment review In 2013, global industrial output and global trade remained weak, while global economic growth continued to show a small decline. In January 2014, the International Monetary Fund estimated the global economic growth for 2013 to be 3.0%, which was 0.1 percentage point lower than it was in 2012, and being the lowest level since the post-financial crisis era. Of which, developed economies enjoyed faster economic growth than emerging economies, with U.S.
gained solid pace of recovery, Eurozone economy has shown signs of bottomed-out and the financial market eventually stabilized, while Japan s economic stimulus package had proved effective to a certain degree and successfully boost confidence. On the other hand, emerging economies experienced a notable slowdown in growth following a rapid growth after the global financial crisis, overall economic performance of developing countries showed a slowdown trend. The overall business environment was made more difficult as China s Gross Domestic Product growth fell to 7.7% in 2013, after falling to a level below 8% in 2012. As to the industry, China s tobacco industry maintained a stable yet slower growth, with cigarette sales grew by approximately 1.2% for the whole year, which had further slowed down from 2012. In general, the global economy was still undergoing an in-depth adjustment and general growth remained slow. Given the weak fundamentals, the lack of momentum for growth and uneven pace of development, the road to recovery remained uncertain. The management and I are pleased with the all-around speedy growth that the Group had managed despite the increasingly complex and challenging business environment.
Review of operating results For the year ended 31 March 2014, sales revenue of the Group increased by approximately 16.2% year-on-year to approximately HKD4,237 million. Gross profit margin reached approximately 70.8%, representing an increase of 1.7 percentage points over last financial year. EBIT margin reached approximately 56.1%, representing an increase of 0.6 percentage point over last financial year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HKD1,977 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.2% over last financial year. Basic EPS was HK63.76 cents, representing an increase of approximately 16.9% over last financial year.
In terms of flavours business, sales revenue of the segment reached approximately HKD3,083 million, representing an increase of approximately 2.8% from last financial year. Operating profit of the segment reached approximately HKD1,967 million, representing an increase of approximately 4.2% from last financial year. The growth of the PRC tobacco industry continued to maintain a slow pace of growth in the past year. In particular, the first half of 2013 had shown a negative growth in terms of production output in the industry. In view of a slowed sales growth and increased cost control pressure in the whole tobacco industry, the Group achieved relatively optimistic growth through persistent adhering to the Big Customers, Big Brands development strategy and the development of comprehensive solutions for customers. Evidently, operating profit margin of the segment further increased from 63.0% of last financial year to 63.8%.
In terms of RTL business, benefiting from continuous enhancement of utilization rate of the second phase of Guangdong Jinye production line and gradual elevation of average selling price of the products, sales revenue of the RTL segment continued to maintain a rapid growth momentum. Sales revenue of the RTL segment broke through HKD1,000 million for the current financial year, which is more than a double of HKD483 million of last financial year. Profitability further improved, with operating profit significantly increased by approximately 177.1% over last financial year to approximately HKD423 million. Segment operating profit margin also significantly elevated by 7.9 percentage points to approximately 39.5%. The Group currently has a total production capacity of RTL of 30,000-ton per annum, representing a considerable market share in the domestic industry. In March 2014, the production line became the first one that being certified by the STMA and achieved landmark-status in paper-making RTL production. Its production workmanship has been recognized by the STMA to have reached the highest technology level within domestic paper-making RTL production, while its major technical indicators also reached advanced international levels. After only three years that the Group had ventured into the RTL industry, the Group was able to secure an industry-leading position in terms of technology level resulting from continuous input in R&D and technology innovations. With the Group s position further solidified, so is its optimistic growth momentum.

For the year ended 31 March 2014, the Group s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately HKD1,825 million, representing an increase of approximately 13.0% as compared with last financial year. Net cash amounted to approximately HKD2,652 million, representing a significant increase of approximately 42.7% as compared with last financial year. The Group has proactively allocated its internal resources in recent years to optimize its financial position and create higher investment value for its shareholders. Among which, share repurchases of over 58 million shares of the Company s with more than HKD200 million since August 2012 and proactive repayment of its short-term bank loan had further lowered the gearing ratio to approximately 6.1% for this financial year. Meanwhile, the Group had declared special dividends in addition to basic dividends to its shareholders according to its cash flow and future development needs. The total dividend declared for this financial year reached approximately HKD901 million, which marked the largest amount of dividend since 2006.
Since listing of the flavours and fragrances business, the Group has declared dividends of over HKD4.2 billion to its Shareholders.
The aforementioned has demonstrated the Group s determination in continuously and proactively safeguarding the Company s and 
Updates on new business development By adhering to the development strategy of Multi-pronged, Focused Growth , the Group has been steadily developing the flavours business while expanding the RTL business into one that accounted for over 25% of the total revenue after three years of investment and operation. The Group will then further emphasize developments in the fields of new cigarette materials and new workmanships and innovative tobacco products: 1. Updates on new cigarette materials and new 
In recent years, China s tobacco industry has been continuously promoting for cigarette s tar and harmful content reduction scheme, where the Group had strived to capture the opportunities and increased its R&D input. As R&D continues to bear fruitful results, the Group had thereby successfully applied these results to applications and stepped up the pace of production, so as to seize related opportunities.
According to the STMA, domestic sales volume of low tar cigarette (8 mg or below per stick) in 2013 increased by approximately 7.1% over the corresponding period of last year, which was significantly higher than that of the industry average. Meanwhile, growth of domestic sales volume of low tar cigarettes with 6 mg or below per stick was approximately 180% over the corresponding period last year. Despite the sluggish sales growth of cigarette in the domestic market, low tar cigarettes stand out from the others with a remarkable growth rate leading the industry. In terms of an increase in the number of new products, the cigarette industry developed 82 new products in 2012. Among them, 44 being low tar cigarettes, 15 were cigarettes with 6 mg of tar or below per stick. It is obvious that low tar cigarette products have been strongly promoted by cigarette manufacturers. On the other hand, the current production output and sales volume of cigarettes with 6 mg of tar or below per stick of 0.7 million cases in absolute terms remains low and is far from meeting the target ( the output of cigarettes with 5 mg of tar or below per stick shall exceed 2 million cases by 2015 ) under the plan of Cigarette Industry Improvement proposed by the STMA and needs to be significantly enhanced. In addition, the tar content in each cigarette in China must not exceed 10 mg from 1 January 2015 as clearly required by the STMA. To this end, the STMA issued internal notices in April 2014 in relation to speeding up promotion and application of results in tar and harmful content reduction among cigarette manufacturers and continued to consider the results of tar reduction as a key factor in the assessment of manufacturers, with an aim to significantly bring down the tar content and hazard index of cigarettes in 2014 from that of 2013.
The Group completed the acquisition of Guangdong Jinye in late 2010 in anticipation of the shift towards reduction in tar content several years ahead. Only three years following the completion of the acquisition, the Group had developed the RTL business from scratch and now has become a business segment with revenue of more than HKD1,000 million for the year, which well exemplified the vision and implementation ability of the management. In the past year, the Group set up three platforms in relation to new cigarette materials, which include the cigarette smoke transmission technology platform, the specialized RTL technology platform and the new tobacco stem processing technology platform. Trial production lines had been established and through preliminary promotion, favourable responses had been received from major customers.
The Group will then continue to adhere to improving production technology as a base and fully boost cooperation with major customers in the abovementioned fields to realize commercial production in the near future.
2. Updates on innovative tobacco products including 
Innovative tobacco products experienced rapid growth in recent years, especially those represented by e-cigarette, which has become a new booming business. In the past three years, global sales volume of e-cigarette grew at a CAGR of 40%.
Furthermore, research institutions estimate that the global sales revenue of e-cigarette may reach USD4.7 billion by 2015 and even USD25 billion by 2023. Therefore, the management believes that such industry has a huge potential for growth.
Although regulations for e-cigarette in all parts of the world remain unclear, the rapid growth of the industry in recent years has clearly demonstrated a huge potential market in the future.
With clear competitiveness in tobacco flavours and fragrances, tobacco chemistry and analysis, etc., the management believes that the Group will achieve cost-effective results in the development of e-cigarette business. In fact, the Group s preparatory work in such field has long been underway. In February 2013, the Group has started to establish a R&D centre in North Carolina of the U.S. in order to acquire the latest technology, human resources and current trend that enable it to comply with international standards. In March 2014, the Group established a working committee focusing on innovative tobacco products which I am directly involved. The Group is expected to face the world with China as its stronghold to further develop related products and launch its own e-cigarette brands on the basis of increasing R&D input in e-cigarette.
Meanwhile, the Group also intends to provide e-cigarette manufacturers with tobacco oil products for e-cigarette production. The Group s e-cigarette related products and other innovative cigarette products are expected to be launched in the second half of 2014.
Future development plans The National Bureau of Statistics and the Ministry of Commerce at the beginning of 2014 anticipated that the developed economies and the emerging economies will continue to grow at different paces, while the growth momentum of developing countries outside Asia and Europe are still far from satisfactory. Although the global economy is expected to grow slightly, risks remain. Among all, the U.S. s decision to taper its Quantitative Easing is one of the biggest uncertainties for the global economy. As the global economy may be volatile, China will face a complicated external economic environment in the coming year.
In respect of the PRC tobacco industry, it is expected that the growth in sales volume of cigarettes in China will slow down further as China has been tightening on smoking control. However, the increasingly obvious changes in the industry during the past years have also presented the Group with opportunities and further room for development. Firstly, the increasing pressure of tar and harmful content reduction, quality enhancement being faced by the PRC tobacco industry will help boost the demand for new cigarette materials from the manufacturers. Meanwhile, the Group s leading position in R&D and application in terms of new cigarette materials and new workmanships will be instrumental in enhancing the technology and product cooperation between the Group and its customers. Moreover, the STMA also heightened its concern over the shrinking market of traditional cigarette and suggested that cigarette manufacturers should closely follow the development trend in the international tobacco markets, in particular the shift towards R&D of e-cigarette, snus and non-burning cigarette and other innovative cigarette products. These innovative cigarette products, and in particular the e-cigarette, could be the key factor of the long-term sustainable growth for the industry. The Group is well positioned in this respect and is ready to proactively participate in the rapid growth of the market and face up to ensuing challenges and opportunities. In addition, the STMA has clearly stated the target to achieve overseas sales of cigarette of more than 8 million cases by 2020, catching up with the top three global tobacco companies in the world. It is believed that the PRC tobacco industry will keep exploring and looking into the possibility of expanding into overseas markets. Meanwhile, the Group will contribute its leading technology and internationalized management experiences forged over the years in support of the internationalization of the PRC tobacco industry. Apart from the above businesses, the Group will continue to adhere to the development strategy of Multi-pronged, Focused Growth and proactively explore business opportunities arise from in association with its principal businesses such as finance leasing.
Based on the above, although the PRC tobacco industry has temporarily halted from its rapid growth era, the Group is of the view that these aforementioned development directions will continue to be the windows for sustainable growth for the enterprises in the industry. The Group will continue in adhering to its core development strategy of Multi-pronged, Focused Growth , persistent in using consumers taste preferences and trends as direction, along with driven by technology innovation, in order to create the right products for the customers and to provide them with comprehensive solutions. Looking forward, the Group will continue to pursue steady development of its flavours business while vigorously promoting the development of new cigarette materials, new workmanships and innovative cigarette products. The Group will remain persisten in combining the ways of organic development and merger and acquisitions, and to probe for multi-channels of financing. The Group will continue operating its business in China, while boosting the development of global business in the process of internationalization of the PRC tobacco industry. The Group is of the view that, as the Group has gained a leading position in terms of R&D capabilities, together with its long-term and stable cooperation relationship with customers, it will help to capture opportunities that arise alongside with the adjustments to and changes in both the PRC and the global tobacco industries in future, so as to maintain a consistent 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our loyal Shareholders, customers, suppliers and principal bankers, etc., for their continuous shepherd and support. I truly wish to express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and all staff members of the Group for their diligent hard-work in the past year. Together with the management and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , to strive for the best of Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all 
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2014 