Letter from Chairman 
Esprit has achieved good progress both strategically and financially over the past financial year. The advances made reflect the benefits of our strategic plan, which is proving effective to enhance the competitiveness of our products and channels. We are gratified to see that these operational improvements are also contributing to improvements in financial metrics.
This reaffirms the potential of Esprit and lays the foundation for our road to recovery.
Review of FY1516 
Overall market conditions have remained challenging. On the one hand, our industry is going through significant changes fueled by the development of the online channels and increasingly aggressive price competition. On the other hand, the macroeconomic picture was uncertain in Europe and turned especially weak in our Asian markets, with the economic slowdown in China and the devaluation of Renminbi combining to significantly dampen consumer sentiment. The weakness of the Euro currency against our reporting currency, the Hong Kong dollar, also placed considerable pressure on the Group s financial results.
Nonetheless, i am pleased to report that the Group recorded a net profit of +HK$21 million for FY1516, driven by strong performance of our retail channels (offline and online), reduced cost of the operations and a favorable net tax balance. The Group also obtained a material exceptional gain from the sale of office space in Hong Kong but this was offset by exceptional expenses resulting from the acceleration of cost restructuring measures (e.g.
social plans in Europe).
Regarding the positive development of the retail channels, we see how the Vertical Omnichannel Model implemented in FY1415 is improving the attractiveness of our products and the sales effectiveness of our retail stores and e-shop. As a result, we have achieved a gain in retail space productivity for the first time in nine years, and this trend has been consistent throughout the year. This growth was the result of a highly positive development in Europe, while the eroded consumer confidence in Asia took a toll on our sales performance in the region. Unfortunately, revenue of the Group s wholesale channel declined due to the reduction of controlled space. Overall, the Group s revenue was HK$17,788 million, virtually unchanged year-on-year with a slight decline of -1.1% in 
Regarding profitability, our gross profit margin slightly improved and the operating expenses (OPEX), excluding exceptional non-recurring items, were reduced by -1.9% year-on- year in local currency terms, despite our decision to significantly increase marketing and advertising expenses. As a result, the loss from underlying operations, excluding exceptional items, was reduced to a LBiT of -HK$572 million. As mentioned, a positive net tax balance complemented our bottom line to reach a positive net profit of HK$21 million in the financial year under review.

Preserving a strong financial position through prudent cash management continued to be a top priority during the year. As a consequence, the Group maintained a healthy net cash position of HK$5,341 million as at 30 June 2016. As explained in my previous letter to you, the Board has decided to deploy some of our cash reserve into business initiatives (e.g.
marketing efforts and Omnichannel initiatives) that can support the improvement of product performance. in view of the positive development in the financial year under review, we will continue with the same approach next year.
As the net profit for the financial year was very small, the Board does not recommend the payment of a dividend at this time.
Key Decisions by the Board during the Year 
During the year, the Board has been actively monitoring the progress of the Strategic Plan.
in view of the positive trend of sales performance, the Board is encouraging measures to facilitate faster recovery of the Group s overall profitability: achieving excellence in the execution of the new Vertical Omnichannel Model, tackling the challenges in the wholesale channel and the Asia Pacific region, and continuing the reduction of structural costs by closing unprofitable stores and streamlining every operating expense down to a minimum level. These combined measures will bring improvement of the Group s results in the coming years and, once the company stabilizes its profitability, we shall shift gears to 
We recognize that a successful turnaround of the business is closely tied to the commitment and efforts of our management team. Correspondingly, the Board has always embraced a pay-for-performance approach in the organization, using a combination of short and long-term incentives linked to key performance metrics. This year, the Board has approved the adoption of the Employees Share Award Scheme to provide additional flexibility to incentivize and retain selected senior managers. The Board strongly believes that this scheme helps ensure a better alignment of executive compensation with 
Operating our business responsibly for all stakeholders has always been an integral part of the Esprit culture. This year, we have continued our focus on social and environmental sustainability, adopting more proactive measures to use sustainable materials and minimize water pollution across our whole supply chain. Amongst other initiatives, we have established a program, which ensures that the wood used to make our viscose fabric does not come from ancient or endangered forests. We have also joined the Better Cotton initiative, to help reduce our environmental impact in respect to cotton usage. Behaving sustainably is a core belief of Esprit and a fundamental element for our long-term success.

As part of our ongoing investor Relations efforts, we maintain regular and ongoing conversations with our shareholders to keep closely apprised of their expectations, and to ensure that we exercise judgment in the best interest of the company as well as that of our stakeholders. This year, in response to feedback from our shareholders and investors, the Company has significantly enhanced the quality of financial disclosure by revamping the segmental reporting method of this annual report. Given the increasing importance of e-commerce, its performance is now reported separately as a standalone operating segment. We believe this will enable investors to better understand and assess the financial performance of the Group.

Looking ahead to FY1617, we anticipate the shifting market dynamics as described at the beginning of this letter will continue to exert pressure on every player in the industry. The Board is of the view that companies best poised to navigate these challenges are those with the agility to quickly react to product trends, and the ability to serve consumers seamlessly across different channels. To this end, the Board remains confident that the Strategic Plan stands us in good stead, and we remain fully committed to adhering to it as the best way forward to deliver long-term value to our shareholders.
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, i would like to thank our shareholders for their continued confidence; our consumers for their loyalty; and our over 8,300 employees worldwide, whose passion and commitment have enabled us to achieve the positive developments of the financial year under review. While the road to recovery is still full of challenges, the progress we have made gives us much confidence that we are on the right path towards restoring the long-term competitiveness of the Group.
Dr Raymond OR Ching Faiindependent Non-executive Chairman 20 September 2016 
