CEO s Statement The financial year 2011 is a meaningful one for Huabao, marking its fifth anniversary of the listing of its flavours and fragrances business and accomplishing the Group s three-year business development objectives. On behalf of the management, I am pleased to announce to all shareholders that, the sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately HKD2,852 million for the year ended 31 March 2011, representing an increase of 20.5% and doubled over that of the year ended 31 March 2008. The profit attributable to equity holders amounted to approximately HKD1,604 million, representing an increase of 19.7% to that of last year. Our three-year business development objectives have been accomplished, which further enhanced the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group.
Operating environment review In the year of 2010, China maintained rapid growth, with its Gross Domestic Product growth exceeding 10%, becoming the world s second largest economy. The China domestic consumer goods market has also maintained rapid growth momentum, while the pressure of price rises is high, a series of downstream food safety incidents has once again cast a shadow on China s food and beverage industry and food additives industry. A new round of industry adjustment and consolidation is set to begin. Such industry integration and negative opinions will impose adverse effect on related industries in the short and middle run. These industry adjustments, however, are viewed as positive and beneficial in the long run. And, as a leading domestic player in the flavours and fragrances industry, the Group will surely benefit from the integration in the PRC food and beverage industry.
Looking back to the operating environment in 2010, both challenges and opportunities were found. The management and I adopted effective countermeasures in a decisive manner, including increasing the stock of certain raw materials which were to be affected by inflation. Meanwhile, thanks to the increasing efforts in vertical integration as well as heavy development in the natural aromatic raw materials business, the influence on gross profit margin of the Group by inflation of raw materials was kept to a limited level and its gross profit margin remained stable as a whole. Moreover, thanks to our years of persistence on the strict quality control requirements and a strict system established in raw material procurement, production, and finished products, Huabao has again managed to cope with the food safety crisis accordingly and has obtained high recognition from the industry. Secondly, the Group adhered to the core strategies of multi-pronged, focus growth and constantly boosted the construction of an integrated core value chain, and achieved encouraging results. During the year, the Group completed the acquisition of Guangdong Jinye Group and actively promoted the construction of Guangdong Jinye s second phase project along with other RTL projects; and also the acquisition of Yunnan Huaxiangyuan and the formation of Yongzhou Shanxiang to heavily develop the premium and special upstream aromatic raw materials business, these have returned rapid growth.
Persistent in promoting the development of multi- pronged, focus growth , constructing an integrated core value production line, and achieving 
For the year ended 31 March 2011, sales revenue of the Group increased by approximately 20.5% to approximately HKD2,852 million, out-performing the expected growth target. Gross profit margin reached approximately 74.3%, and EBIT margin reached approximately 65.6% which further elevated from approximately 64.1% last year. Profit attributable to equity holders was approximately HKD1,604 million, representing an increase of approximately 19.7% year-on-year; and basic earnings per share was HK51.01 cents, representing an increase of about 18.2% year-on- year. All of these represent excellent operating results. These figures are not only representative of the successful completion of this three-year business development plan, but also proved correct the accurate development strategies of multi-pronged, focus growth and boosting the construction of an integrated core value chain insisted on by the Group for years. In terms of core strategies of multi-pronged, focus growth , the Group acquired Xiamen Amber in 2008 to enter into the fragrances field, and recorded revenue beyond HKD160 million for the current year, representing an increase of nearly three times over HKD55 million recorded at the time of acquisition; last year, the Group decisively acquired Guangdong Jinye Group after years of preparation, and strategically entered the reconstituted tobacco leaves industry. Integration work has begun since the acquisition was completed and is progressing accordingly; the second phase of the expansion project is being implemented proactively, as well as cooperative projects such as technical cooperation with China Tobacco Anhui and Huangguoshu Jinye are also in development. For the five months ended 31 March 2011, the sales revenue of Guangdong Jinye Group amounted to approximately HKD86.76 million, with EBITDA margin of approximately 33.5%, which is in line with management s expectations. In terms of construction of an integrated core value chain, with the completion of Wuxi production bases in 2007, acquiring the Botswana F&G base in 2009, acquiring Qingdao Qingda and Yunnan Huaxiangyuan in 2010 and establishing Yongzhou Shanxiang in 2011, the Group has created a new development strategy with a combination of advantageous natural aromatic raw materials plus flavours products and with a mode of resources complementing the market, and has been building its integrated value chain step by step along the industrial chain of flavours and fragrances. The Group s overall capability in countering risks has been further elevated, so has its 
Rewarding shareholders, continuously in creating value for shareholders For the year ended 31 March 2011, the Group s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately HKD1,406 million, which was relatively stable growth compared with last year.
Net cash amounted to approximately HKD936 million, helping the Group to maintain a very healthy financial position. After taking into account the excellent operating results and strong cash flows, to reward our Shareholders, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend for the year of HK7.98 cents (2010: HK6.78 cents) per share, or HK15.18 cents per share for the full year, with dividend payout ratio at approximately 30%. Since the listing of the business, the Group has been continuously rewarding shareholders by ways of dividends and special dividends. In the past five years, the accumulated dividend reached approximately HKD2 billion declared by the Group.
FUTURE DEVELOPMENT PLANS The global economy is in the midst of a long recovery period, and the future growth of China s economy will be slowed as well. Against such macro environments, the Group must always adhere to the multi-pronged, focus growth development strategy, constructing an integrated core value chain, continuously identifying new business growth points, enhancing the Group s capability in countering risks, actively construct a more natural, greener, and healthier production chain, and achieving long-term sustainable growth.
Firstly, with flavours and fragrances as its core, the Group will diversify into the business of new materials for cigarettes, which is represented by the RTL business, and further develop the upstream natural aromatic raw materials area. In tobacco related fields, the Group will use the Twelfth Five-Year Plan and its development targets of 532 and 461 as an opportunity to further improve its industry position in the tobacco flavours market. Meanwhile, the Group will spare no efforts in the development of its RTL business; at this time the Group will pursue the growing market of reduced tar content and harm. The long term strategy of the Group, i.e. pursue the strategy of Big customers, Big brands , remains unchanged. We expect growth momentum in our existing flavours and fragrances business will be sustained. On the RTL side, the implementation of the second phase of the expansion project of Guangdong Jinye and startups of other RTL related projects will see rapid growth in 
In the food and beverage field, the Group fully integrated the advantages of upstream natural aromatic raw materials, adhered to the development of natural, healthy and tasty local products, and provided product quality and taste solutions for local major customers; moreover, it continued to implement an overall strategy by fully leveraging its strengths in having a nationwide network for the heavy development of local small- and medium-sized customers and helping them to constantly improve product quality. Certainly, the management expected that the recent food safety disturbance and the new industry standards would still have certain negative impact on relevant industries. As one of the largest local flavours and fragrances enterprises in the PRC, the management and I are confident in addressing these challenges and will seize the opportunities brought from further industrial adjustment.
In the aromatic raw materials sector, Huabao has continued with its commitment to the strategic development of the upstream aromatic raw materials business to create an integrated core value chain and enhance its overall competitiveness. The establishment of the bases of Wuxi Huahai and Botswana s F&G and the successful acquisitions of Qingdao Qingda and Yunnan Huaxiangyuan as well as the establishment of Yongzhou Shanxiang, have greatly elevated the Group s status in the integrated core value chain, as well as its capability in countering risks. Furthermore, by utilizing premium upstream raw materials as a platform and combining it with the Group s advantages in flavours and fragrances business, products quality and competitive advantages will be further elevated. The Group s core business in flavours and fragrances is further improved.
Furthermore, these upstream raw material bases also enabled the Group to obtain significant market share of certain important upstream natural aromatic raw materials. In the next step, the group will continue to accelerate the development of the aromatic raw materials segment, further elevating the Group s overall competitive advantages and pushing for the formation of an integrated core 
The Chinese consumer products market is advancing to a higher level, consumers will demand for higher product taste and quality, with a tendency towards more natural products. This trend will inevitably lead to a significant increase in the value of per capita consumption of flavours and fragrances. From a long-term perspective, the global flavours and fragrances business will gradually shift its focus to Asia; the integrated core value chain will enable Huabao to possess a more natural, greener and healthier product system, thereby firmly capturing the opportunities of industrial upgrade to achieve greater development. The use of RTL will reduce the harm of cigarette products, and tobacco waste is the major raw material used in production of RTL; food and beverage products will be more natural and healthier with the development of upstream natural aromatic raw materials by the Group. I believe, the Group s future growth will be greener and healthier.
In regards to capital markets, in recent years, the financing platform for China domestic capital market has drawn increasing attentions.
In order to broaden its financing platform and increase Huabao s brand awareness, the Group, in line with its domestic business development, is now seeking advice with professional parties to carry out operation plans on platforms for China domestic capital markets. Up to date, the Group has not formulated any final opinion or concrete plans. However, it will consider both the interest of its shareholders and the development of its business and will make public the related progress, if appropriate.
In respect of M&A, the Group will continue to focus on the strategy of multi-pronged, focus growth , building a new business development platform through M&A and accelerate the development of existing core businesses. In the past several years, the Group has successfully carried out several M&As differing in size and has set up a team with strong M&A implementation, effective integration measures and strict internal control. In the future, the Group will remain focused on domestic targets and proactively pay attention to M&A opportunities overseas to further enhance its own technological strength and product development capabilities. The Group will achieve faster development by fully leveraging its financial strength and relying on the Chinese market.
Lastly, I would like to reiterate the Group s development strategy. The Group will continue to implement the multi-pronged, focus-growth development strategy. In line with its prudent corporate management approach, the Group will also develop its businesses by way of combining organic growth and M&As so as to create an integrated core value chain and fully capitalize on the upcoming enormous business opportunities arising from the Chinese consumer products market as a result of the next round of China s continuous growth.
Through organic and M&A development, the Group will rapidly grow into a globally leading player in the flavours and fragrances industry and tasty life! The management and I are confident in the future of Huabao, and will work together diligently to create optimal value and return for our Shareholders.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our Shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continuous shepherd and support. I truly wish to express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and all staff members of the Group for their loyalty, diligence and hard-work in the past year. Together with the Directors and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , to strive for the best of Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all Shareholders! LAU Chi Tak 
Hong Kong, 17 June 2011 