Chairman s Statement Dear Shareholders, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I present to all Shareholders that, for the year ended 31 March 2013, the Group s sales revenue reached approximately HKD3,646 million, representing an increase of approximately 10.1% over last financial year; profit attributable to Shareholders was approximately HKD1,716 million, representing a decrease of approximately 1.9% over last financial year. The Company proposed to declare a final dividend of HK9.40 cents per Share, together with a special dividend of HK2.80 cents per Share, bringing the total dividends for this financial year to HK22.16 cents per Share, with a total dividend payout ratio of approximately 41%.
Since listing, Huabao has declared accumulated dividends of about HKD3.3 billion to its Shareholders. Since obtaining approval from the AGM in August last year, Huabao has devoted a total of over HKD200 million on proactive repurchases of over 58 million Shares of the Company s in 39 trading days. On one hand, the Company has overcome numerous challenges and achieved stable growth; on the other, the Company has maintained its dividend payout policy of basic dividend supplemented by special dividend and proactively implemented its share repurchase plan. Indeed, Huabao has strived to reward its Shareholders and safeguarding value of Shareholders.
Operating environment review In 2012, as economic growth remained in the doldrums, and the European debt crisis repeatedly escalated, the international financial market saw serious volatility and the global economic recovery slowed down noticeably. Against the grim international situation, China witnessed evidently increasing downward pressure on the economy. In 2012, with Gross Domestic Product grew by 7.8%, lower than 8% for the first time, while the operating environment remained challenging. At the same time, as people s living standards improve, consumer behaviors have also been changing, from focusing on the number of consumer products to gradually focusing on pursuit of quality, safety and nutrition of consumer products. On the other hand, as the Chinese tobacco market is maturing, and effects brought forth by policies such as restriction on government spending on business accounts, the growth of China s tobacco industry has further slowed down while industry political risks has gradually shown. The consumer products market has entered into a new stage, consumers shifted towards expecting more from upgrading of product quality instead of fast and extensive volume growth as in the past. Overall, in 2012, the business environment was full of challenges. The domestic market was generally strong, but has seen structural changes and slowdown. The management and I are satisfied that stable growth of core business and rapid development of new businesses have been achieved in such a complicated and 
Adhering to development of multi-pronged, focus growth , achieving rapid growth of RTL, and adjusting and optimizing certain food and beverage and fragrances businesses For the year ended 31 March 2013, sales revenue of the Group increased by approximately 10.1% year-on-year to approximately HKD3,646 million. Gross profit margin reached approximately 69.1%, which was improved compared with approximately 68.1% in the first half of the year. EBIT margin reached approximately 55.5%, representing an increase of approximately 2.2 percentage points from approximately 53.3% in the first half of the year. The amount of Exchange Gain of this financial year was HKD8.316 million and was HKD62.777 million for the last financial year. If the amount of Exchange Gain were excluded, operating profit reached approximately HKD2,016 million and HKD2,001 million for the current financial year and last financial year respectively, representing an increase of approximately 0.8% year-on-year. Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was approximately HKD1,716 million, representing a decrease of approximately 1.9% over the last financial year. If the amounts of Exchange Gain were excluded, profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for this financial year and the last financial year reached approximately HKD1,708 million and HKD1,688 million respectively, representing an increase of approximately 1.2% year-on-year. Basic EPS was HK54.53 cents, representing a decrease of approximately 1.7% over the last financial 
In terms of flavours business, sales revenue of the segment reached HKD2,997 million, representing an increase of approximately 4.1% from the last financial year. Operating profit reached HKD1,888 million, representing a decrease of approximately 4.7% from the last financial year. In terms of tobacco business, as the Chinese tobacco industry has stepped into a mature and stable stage, sales growth of cigarette has further slowed down. In addition, as previously mentioned by the management, consumption of the overall tobacco industry in the future will be further affected by certain controls of the Chinese government on the tobacco industry, such as a series of smoking control measures and policies introduced to limit government spending on business accounts. By adhering to the development strategy of Big customers, Big brands over years, the Group was able to maintain a stable growth yet again in the 
In terms of food and beverage business, as the food additives and flavours and fragrances industries suffered negative factors such as food safety problems and entered into a stage of structural adjustment. Some small and medium food enterprises gradually exited from the market, thus the demand for consumption of flavours and fragrances was directly affected. Over the past few years, some food additives and flavours enterprises went through agressive expansion in pursuit of rapid growth, as a result, over-capacity gradually emerged in some market segments, with competition increasingly intensified. Faced with complicated operating environments, the management adopted different strategies in response to the subsidiaries respective markets, adjusted their customer structure and enhanced profitability. Meanwhile, the Group strengthened supervision and management in respect of quality control, with product quality maintaining compliance with industrial safety standards, such that reputation was further increased.
In terms of fragrances business, competition in the fragrances market became more and more intensified due to macro-economic factors.
Certain fragrances enterprises suffered over-capacities and fierce price wars occurred in low-end and middle markets. Xiamen Amber took advantage of its strong competitive position in the aromatic, sanitizing and pesticide products segment, achieved growth of sales revenue generated from its major customers, and further consolidated its market share in such field. At the same time, due to optimization of the raw material procurement system, both gross profit margin and profitability improved. Yunnan Huaxiangyuan saw its profitability drop as it was impacted by volatility of raw material prices starting from last year. Although Yunnan Huaxiangyuan had limited contribution in terms of sale revenue and profit in the past, to control potential risks, the Group timely adjusted the management structure and business of Yunnan Huaxiangyuan. The management is of the view that such adjustment will not present negative effect on the Group s overall profitability.
In terms of RTL business, benefiting from continuous enhancement of the average selling price of products of Guangdong Jinke production line and commencement of operation of the second phase of Guangdong Jinye production line in November 2012, sales revenue of the RTL business achieved rapid growth during the financial year. Currently, product quality of the second phase of Guangdong Jinye production line has reached domestic leading level and has penetrated big customers core brands, with product quality well received by its customers. With respect to external RTL projects, the Group will continuously strive for Huangguoshu Jinye s production workmanship s design and implementation stage, as well as actively participate in China Tobacco Anhui RTL production line s trial operation. The Group has entered into an overall development phase of RTL business.
With solid financial position, proactively devoting internal resources to safeguard Company s and 
For the year ended 31 March 2013, the Group s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to approximately HKD1,616 million, representing an increase of approximately 4.9% as compared with last year. Net cash amounted to approximately HKD1,858 million, representing an increase of approximately 36.7% as compared with last year, reflecting a sound financial position maintained by the Group. The Group has proactively allocated its internal resources during the financial year, included the repayment of HKD540 million of bank loan and share repurchases of over 58 million Shares of the Company s with more than HKD200 million since August last year; meanwhile, it has once again declare a special dividend to its shareholders in accordance with its cash flow and future development plans. Since listing, the Group has declared total dividends of about HKD3.3 billion. All the above has demonstrated that the Group s determination in safeguarding Company s and 
Continuingly increasing R&D input to establish an analysis and inspection centre to enhance R&D 
For the year ended 31 March 2013, the Group s R&D cost amounted to HKD213 million, representing approximately 5.9% of sales revenue and further elevated from approximately 5.6% of the last financial year. The Group continued to strengthen establishment of the R&D team, and increased input on R&D hardware. A number of joint laboratories set up with major customers achieved a series of progressive results during the financial year.
In February 2013, the Group started to set up an U.S.-based R&D centre. Such centre is to develop alternatives to tobacco products (such as smokeless products) as key development direction, it is a new attempt in providing the Group and its customers with a technology platform that offers overall solutions to high-standard products. The establishment of U.S. R&D centre is with an aim to further improve the Group s international vision and level of R&D to render strong support to the development of system integration.
During the year, the Group has achieved fruitful results by applied and granted over 20 patent technologies. Furthermore, the Group commenced preparation for establishment of an Analysis and Inspection centre in May 2013. This could enable it to capture the potential business opportunities from the increased threshold of quality control in the industry and to be well positioned to explore the development opportunities in the inspection and verification 
Future development plans The global economic conditions are uncertain, while China s economic structural adjustment continues. The macro-economic environment is presented with a potential downside risk. Food and beverage and additives industries have entered into a stage of adjustment in consumption structures, while the tobacco industry has entered into a mature and stable stage, policy adjustment and restrictions may impose uncertainties on sales growth and upgrading of structure of consumption. All of the above may affect the Group s future development. However, the management and I remain confident that, by adhering to the development strategy of multi-pronged, focus growth , to insist on innovation, to precisely using the end market as a pivotal point, to utilize technology systemic integration, to develop innovative products and production workmanship, and to provide customers with solutions on products profile and comprehensive services, then the Group will be able to overcome challenges and to further solidify its market share in the flavours and fragrances industry; it will fully boost development of RTL and new cigarette materials businesses; meanwhile, when the Group realizes continuous growth, it will also focus on investment return and to create higher value for its shareholders.
In respect of tobacco business, the Group will continue to adhere to take big customers as a business base and fully boost a new business model, namely utilizing the end-market as a pivotal point, to design and create competitive products for its customers from flavours, RTL, new cigarette materials and other different perspectives in order to achieve mutual development.
In respect of food ingredients and flavours businesses, the Group will adopt corresponding development strategies against the operating characteristics of all market segments and highlighted our competitive advantages in terms of branding, product quality and safety. It will proactively adjust its product structure, and continue to enhance its profitability while focusing on investment return to strive to achieve stable growth.
In respect of fragrances, due to intense competition in the industry, the Group will concentrate on development of Xiamen Amber s competitive advantages in aromatic, sanitizing and pesticide businesses, optimize the raw material purchasing system, strictly control product quality and expand healthy and natural new products. The Group will put efforts on expanding overseas markets while maintaining well servicing to domestic major customers.
In respect of RTL, the Group will utilize end market consumers as the pivot point, to fully integrate the Group's overall competitiveness in tobacco chemistry technology, RTL coating base technology and new cigarette materials; to utilize systemic technology integration, to promote product and production workmanship innovation, in order to provide customers with solutions on products' taste profiles and comprehensive services; by ways of organic development and acquisition, to gradually develop into the Group's long-term growth engines. In addition, the Group will also keep exploring and researching on the possibility and feasibility of multi-channels of 
As regards the use of cash, the Group has always insisted on its principal in using its ample cash flow generated from operation prudently. After taking into consideration of its business expansion, the Group has timely paid off its bank loan, and has continuingly rewarded Shareholders through share repurchases, basic dividends and special dividends. These measures have indicated that the management is proactively taking actions to improve cash management to further optimize return on equity. With respect to business development, the Group will continue to invest in the RTL and new cigarette materials fields in the future and the capital expenditure for next year is planned to be approximately HKD500 million. With respect to corporate governance, it is proposed to invite two independent directors into the Board at the AGM to be held in August with an aim to increasing the governance level of the Group.
Meanwhile, the Group is from time to time identifying appropriate candidates for the next chief executive officer for the purpose of realizing division of work of chairman and chief executive officer in a long term, but it shall be cautious in selecting candidates and the Group shall update the market timely should there be further 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our loyal Shareholders, customers, suppliers and principal bankers, etc., for their continuous shepherd and support. I truly wish to express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and all staff members of the Group for their diligent hard-work in the past year. Together with the management and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , to strive for the best of Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all 
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2013 