letter from ChaIrman 
This is my first report to you as Chairman of the Company. Since I was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director in May 2008, I have witnessed and accompanied the development of the Company and I am honoured having been asked to take over the responsibility to lead the board of the Company forward in these difficult times.
During FY1011, esprit continued to be impacted by a weak consumer spending environment, coupled with costs inflation, some impact of internal lack of competitiveness and intensifying competition.
Such conditions challenged both the board of Directors and the executive management team. The Group reported turnover of HK$33,767 million with a 0.5% growth in local currency. Profitability was impacted by this challenging environment and the board made a strategic decision to divest the non-profitable United States of America and Canada, to exit our retail operations in Sweden, Spain and Denmark, and to close down certain non-profitable stores worldwide. The aforementioned has resulted one-off restructuring costs lowering net earnings of the Group to HK$79 million. Our net cash position remains strong at approximately HK$2,714 million as at 30 June 2011. The board of Directors adhered to the Company s dividend policy for the interim dividend, but no final dividend is proposed as the interim dividend which had already been paid exceeds the 60% regular payout ratio.
The combination of the challenging macro environment and the unique situation of the Company presented a particularly complex restructuring case for the management. On the one hand, in keeping with the perceived opportunities and ambitions of both the management and the board, the commitment to listen to customer needs and invest in the promising vitality of the esprit brand and products is being intensified. resources are being directed to strengthening our presence in core markets and accelerating growth in China as we deeply believe in the future strength of the eSPrIT brand. On the other hand, goals are set with respect to streamlining measures, including exiting markets and closing stores that were not performing, optimising costs on both sourcing and operational levels, aligning the sales structure to a channel-based one for higher efficiency and further stepping up on employees incentive programs to retain and attract the key talent of our Company. We are of the view that only those strategies that consistently adapt to a dynamic environment and needs of customers will prove successful in the long run and lead to sustainable growth.
We believe these measures are not only necessary but also rich in perspective to recharge the potential and reignite the momentum of the Company. We see the journey to successfully reinvigorating the esprit brand to be long and challenging, but absolutely rewarding. The board is fully aligned and fully support the transformation strategies and initiatives adopted by the management to make all the bold and necessary rectifications so that when the transformation process is completed, esprit will be a brand again which possesses a clear identity, which demonstrates sustainable growth and profitability.
In the meantime, I request for your support to sail with us through these difficult times as we execute and implement these strategic initiatives with the firm intent to reap the harvest in the medium term.
Last but not least, I want to extend my appreciation to Mr Heinz Krogner, who resigned as Chairman in February 2011. Our thanks also go to you as our shareholders and everyone at esprit for their teamwork and efforts throughout the year. Looking forward, I remain confident that esprit possesses the brand, strategy, resources and team to paint a new picture that will emerge once the transformation 
Dr. Hans-Joachim KRbER Independent Non-executive Chairman 15 September 2011 
