CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Last year, leveraging on the effective leadership of the management, the Group achieved an approximately 36.6% increase in revenue and a continuous, robust growth in profit attributable to equity holders of 29.3%. Meanwhile, the Group achieved a 38.3% CAGR in revenue and an approximately 40.2% CAGR in profit attributable to equity holders over the last three years, outperforming the three-year development goal set by the management. In addition to the Group s robust growth in results over the last three years, I am also gratified by the rapid growth in dividend by an approximately 57.0% CAGR in dividend per Share over the last three years, which made most efforts to bring best returns to all Shareholders.
Our hard-won results in the previous year were achieved amid global economic crisis as well as major food safety incidents of the Chinese food industry. The outstanding results are attributable to our insistence on maintaining a close connection to the fast growing Chinese consumer products market, on the development strategy of Multi- pronged, focus growth with tobacco flavour as the core business, on the operating strategy of Big Customers, Big Brands and on the operation philosophy of creating value for clients; they fully reflect our management s capabilities to meet changes, to execute strategies and to control risks.
In the meantime, it also shows the stability and specific risk prevention capability of the Group s business development in market turbulence.
The Group has achieved the operation goal for the last three years and established a new development plan for the future development.
We will maintain a heavy reliance on the most dynamic Chinese economy and Chinese consumer market with enormous growth potential, insisting on a development trend combining organic growth and M&A, on the development strategy of Multi- pronged, focus growth to maintain steady yet robust growth. Though the haze of the global economic crisis is yet to be cleared, there is no doubt that the Chinese economy will experience the quickest recovery and continue to be the most dynamic region of the global economy. As we achieved outstanding results amid the sharp decline of the global economy in the previous year, therefore we are confident in achieving the future development goals of the Group.
I would like to express my gratitude to the marvelous work contributed by our management team as the Group s future development relies on its wisdom and diligence. I would like to express my appreciation to all staff members for their hard work and wish that they will continue to uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , adhere to the enterprise operation concept of market driven and client first to achieve mutual growth for the enterprise and themselves. I would also like to express my gratitude to the Shareholders for their continuous supports to the Board and me.
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2009 