2016 is a year dually meaningful to Huabao. It s the 20th anniversary of Huabao s establishment and the 10th anniversary of the food flavours business listing in Hong Kong; it s also a new starting point for the Group s second venture and restructuring and further development. As early as a few years ago, I started to work on the research of a diversified strategic development objective by an important tool of investment holding. In the meantime, I ve had a series of discussions, argumentations and attempts with several renowned experts and institutions.
During the past three years, China s economy experienced dramatic changes and has been going through a structural adjustment in which the rapid growth pattern has been changed to moderately high growth pattern. The economic structure also underwent significant adjustment. The rapid economic development and fast growing income contributed to the general trend of consumption upgrades in China. Against such a background, Huabao has to consider how to grasp the historic opportunities at a level of investment holding. As the original development pattern would be an obstacle to the Group s development, after rounds of in-depth reviews and argumentations, the management considers that it is an inevitable course for Huabao s strategic upgrading and second venture to focus on the consumption goods industry benefited from consumption upgrades, and to take high-tech innovation as its endogenous development momentum, and build capital platform through financial investment, which will be the only way for Huabao s strategy upgrade and second venture.
To promote the second venture and strategic transformation, the Group, starting from the high-tech innovation and by investing overseas high-tech venture capital fund and domestic angel fund, stood fast in the front of the high-tech development through the flexible fund structure, assessed with big data analysis and reviewed from a crossover perspective. On the other hand, the Group actively promoted direct investment in China s fast moving consumer goods industry, and captured several valuable and strategic segment markets as well as new channels and micro customers to adapt to the long-tail phenomenon of the fast moving consumer goods market. Moreover, through a series of capital operations and the building of a hierarchal structure, the Group strives to develop itself into a well-established investment holding group.
In respect of capital operation, the Group conducted a comprehensive business segment restructuring and streamlining during the reporting period, and its businesses are currently divided into the following segments: flavours, fragrances, RTL, aroma raw materials, new materials and investment & finance segment (in progress). The Group also actively promotes to build multi-levels investment platforms.
The Group believes that it is very important for the Group to build multiple capital platforms to develop into an investment holding Group, and it will continue to carry forward the relevant projects in the future to meet with its business development.
Restructuring of segments will bring a reallocation of the Company s assets, labor force, technology, management and other elements, and will develop a new production pattern, release enterprise vitality, and improve the management and work efficiency of the Group. As a creator of economies of scale , the Group will provide service support for all segments, in a differential control model, and establish incentive and constraint mechanisms adapted to the market. The Board believes that, after the strategic investment and upgrading, operating efficiency of the Group will be effectively improved, which would bring the Group with sustainable performance growth and create benefits for shareholders.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend sincere gratitude to all shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their continuing support, and also to members of the Board, the management, and employees who have been dedicating to the development of Huabao, for their invaluable contributions.
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 22 June 2016 