Chairwoman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
In 2016, the global economy was recovering moderately and
developing steadily. China’s economic growth was slowing down
but still strong. With the deepening of the supply-side structural
reform internally and the steady progress of RMB internationalization
externally, China’s annual GDP growth rate maintained at around
6.7%, continuing to lead the world’s economic growth. As a result,
doubts about China’s economy encountering a “hard landing” were
dispelled and the financial market was gradually stepping out of the
rock bottom. In domestic market, due to the pulling effect of strong
domestic demands, the consumer goods market continued to grow
and the consumption of urban and rural residents also increased
steadily. The emerging industries, such as online retailing, have been
developing rapidly and highlighted a series of new concepts, such
as quality consumption, green consumption, fashion consumption,
etc. The structure of the consumer goods market has been further
optimized and the trend of the consumption upgrade has become
increasingly clear.
During the reporting period, the Group proactively grasped the trend
of the consumption upgrade, gained an insight into customer needs,
established a platform based on customer needs and innovation
capabilities and formed five business segments comprising flavours
and fragrances, tobacco raw materials, aroma raw materials,
innovative tobacco products as well as other businesses, which built
a good foundation for the sustainable development of the Group.
In terms of production efficiency, the Group will comprehensively
implement a new performance assessment system, enhance its
industry benchmarking, optimize its management structure as well
as improve its management efficiency. Meanwhile, the Group will
further push forward its internal reorganization, lean production, cost
control and efficiency enhancement to make sure that the overall
strategic development target is comprehensively implemented.
In terms of capital market operations, during the reporting period,
the Group made efforts to push forward the Proposed Spin-off
and separate listing of Huabao Flavour by way of the Proposed A
Share Listing on the Growth Enterprise Market in Shenzhen Stock
Exchange. The proposal was approved by Hong Kong Stock Exchange
and the related resolutions have been passed at the extraordinary
general meeting with a high passing rate, but it is still subject to the
approval from relevant PRC regulators (including CSRC) and has to
satisfy other conditions. In addition, The Group is actively considering
establishing an industry fund, through a combined funding method
of the company-owned funds, bank leverage and the merger and
acquisition industry fund, to make mergers and acquisitions in the
industry chain, to integrate industry resources, and to try its utmost to
realize the rapid growth of its business and promote the development
of its core businesses segments.
In terms of the construction of corporate culture and human
resources, in order to coordinate with the Group’s development and
strategic upgrade, the management has made drastic improvements.
The Group will gradually establish a performance-oriented corporate
management culture, which will cover the entire corporate
management and routine work. Through the management structure
adjustment, the Group will gradually build a new core team with
young and promising members, daring to struggle and daring to
innovate, which will really benefit the Group’s transformation and
development.
I am strongly optimistic about the Group’s new development
layout and future prospect. I also deeply realize that Huabao
should firmly seize the opportunity of the consumption upgrade,
establish consumer insights, focus on the consumer goods industries
benefiting from the consumption upgrade, and integrate industry
resources through mergers and acquisitions in the industry chain.
Meanwhile, we will strengthen the integration and penetration of
channel resources, combine our industry expertise and integrating
capability with social capital, through multiple capital platforms,
multiple cooperation channels and multiple investment cooperation
models, and make efforts to achieve new growth and create greater
value.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend sincere
gratitude to all Shareholders, customers, suppliers and business
partners for their continuing support. My gratitude also goes to
the Directors, executives and employees who have been dedicating
to the development of Huabao. I am grateful for your invaluable
contributions. I am confident that I will be able to lead the Group’s
management team, upholding the spirit of Huabao “innovative,
pragmatic, loyal and cooperative”, to build Huabao into a great
investment holding group based on the consumer goods market.
CHU Lam Yiu
Chairwoman & Chief Executive Officer
Hongkong, 16 June 2017