Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2008.
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2007, the economy of China continued its rapid growth while China consumer market also kept its fast growing momentum. Having overcome certain unfavourable factors, the Group achieved outstanding results in all areas of businesses.
Revenue and profit attributable to shareholders increased by more than 40% and 50%, respectively. For M&As, the acquisition of Win New Group in the first half of the Year realized significant success, exceed the earnings target than that originally set for the period. On capital market side, Huabao, with the rising of its reputation and influence, becomes more attractive to world-renowned institutional investors. With further improved ranking in market capitalization, the Group is now one of the world s leading listed companies in the flavour and fragrance industry.
In respect of development strategy, Huabao is targeting at becoming the leading flavour and fragrance company in the world, therefore, the Group has put strong emphasis on the management team structure. Since its listing in Hong Kong, the Group has hired some global top talents, including our CEO, Mr. Lau Chi Tak and some world-renowned flavourists, who help to enhance the management and technology standard of Huabao, and proactively develop an international, professional and specialized management style, to meet with international standard.
PROMISING FINANCIAL RESULTS The Group achieved a sales revenue of HKD1,419,137,000 for the year ended 31 March 2008, an increase of 40.1%, which exceeded the expected growth target as set by the management. Gross profit margin reached about 74.9%, continuing to mount steadily. Profit attributable to the equity holders increased by about 52.0% to HKD862,145,000.
Basic EPS increased by 41.3% to about HK28.13 cents. With such strong operating results, the Group s net cash generated from operating activities were HKD871,964,000, representing an increase of 37.1% and the financial position is very healthy. To reward all shareholders, the Board recommended a final dividend for the year of HK6.0 cents per share.

The achievement of the aforesaid excellent operating results of the Group was attributable to the operation and development strategies that the Group has been carrying out consistently for a long time. For tobacco flavour, the combination of the development strategy of Big Customers, Big Brands insisted for a long time and the strong customer resource through the acquisition of Win New Group made the Group continue to benefit from China tobacco industry consolidation and the development of high-end quality products. Tobacco flavours sales revenues for the Year recorded a strong growth of 37.7% which further strengthened our dominant position in the industry.
For food flavour, the sales increased by about 69.5% as a result of strong organic growth and our ability to integrate the acquisition, which far exceeded the growth target. On products mix, through the newly established savoury flavour centre to further diversify the product categories; the Group is able to provide more specialized and localized tastes to core direct 
For raw materials, the Group has been actively developing the key and advanced technology for flavours and fragrances industry by leveraging the overseas research centre in Germany and the R&D centre in Shanghai, which is the only State- recognized technical centre. The Group achieved a significant breakthrough in the partition and purification technology of natural flavours. The establishment of Wuxi Huahai provided the Group with a new raw material platform, which significantly enhanced the competitiveness of the products, led the direction of the R&D of the flavour and fragrance industry in China, and made a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group.
For R&D, on the one hand the Group actively established sound R&D cooperation with key customers by fully utilizing its domestic leading position in the industry; on the other hand, together with the overseas R&D centre in Germany, the Group will proactively for fundamental research, seize advanced core technologies of flavour and fragrance industry and achieve fruitful results. The Group applied for 10 patents for invention and obtained two National 863 projects in 2007.
The strong R&D ability and advanced raw material technology enabled the Group to further improve the competitiveness of the products and the gross profit margin increased from about 69.5% of last year to about 74.9% of the current year.

The promising operating result achieved by the Group was fundamentally attributable to an outstanding management team. In addition to their great ambition to make Huabao a world leading company based in China, they also share the common value of Client first and the spirit of Huabao Innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative . The Group has established a team of experienced professional management of world-class standard and employees that adapts to future development, the Group will continue to pursue Huabao s human resources standard of Moral, Integrity, Capability and Execution . The Group will also continue to devote itself to cultivate and bring in excellent professionals and to create good environment for the employees. These help to assure to keep Huabao s business progressing and growing.

We will continue to make use of the prime opportunity where China s economy will continue its robust growth and the flavour and fragrance industry is at sun-rising stage and still relatively scattered. These favourable external factors provide Huabao with a strategic development opportunity. In the coming years, we anticipate that the consolidation of the tobacco industry in China will further accelerate, Chinese style cigarettes will move towards high-end quality and take a healthier direction and the consumer goods market will maintain promising growth, demanding more and greater varieties of products. We must grasp these great market opportunities, insist on maintaining the tobacco flavour as the core business, accelerate the pace of growth for food flavour business and actively develop fragrances business. For fragrances aspect, through several year endeavours, the Group has gained experiences in the market and products development. In May 2008, the Company acquired 51% equity interests of Amber which signified a strategic step of fragrances segment of Huabao. In the future, the Group will set Amber as the platform for fragrances development and leverage the strong R&D capability and brand advantage of the Group to boost the growth of fragrances business. Meanwhile, the Group will keep on actively enhancing its upstream raw material business and forming an integrated value chain. The Group will continue to adhere to the development path combining organic growth and M&A. We will maintain close relationship with the flavour and fragrance industry in China and overseas, and look for good opportunities for acquisition. We will explore building up strategic partnership with world leading players in the flavour and fragrance industry to expand the food flavour and daily chemical market in the PRC. While market is the driving force, technology is the key. The Group will further and continue to perfectly meet the domestic demand with internationally the most advanced technology and to try best to provide customers with comprehensive and more professional services, in order to solidify our competitive edge in the market. We believe that, Huabao will continue to enjoy rapid development in the coming years.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continuous concern and support. I truly express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and the staff of the Group for their loyalty, diligence and hard work in the past year. Together with the Directors and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative , to strive for the best for Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all the Shareholders.
CHU Lam Yiu 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2008 