I am confident that we are on the right track to restore Esprit back to its full potential.
01.1 Letter from Chairman
Dear Shareholders,
As I complete my first full year serving as Chairman, I am pleased to report that Esprit has
continued its journey of substantial transformation. Over the course of the financial year,
we announced the realignment of our strategic priorities along with new initiatives to regain
market competitiveness and build a stronger foundation for our future. I am confident that
we are on the right track to restore Esprit back to its full potential, and that the steps we are
taking, including the hard work that goes behind them, will translate into sustainable growth
and profitability, thereby creating value for all stakeholders.
Having had the privilege of being associated with the Group for many years, I have seen
first hand the evolution of the apparel industry as well as the many ups and downs in the
global economies. Recently, factors such as the challenging economic conditions in the Euro
zone and the intensifying competition in the apparel industry have indeed placed much
pressure on the Group’s operating performance. As a consequence, the Group’s turnover
decreased to HK$25,902 million in FY12/13, representing a year-on-year decline of 11.5%
in local currency. The corresponding operating loss was HK$4,170 million including the
non-recurring provisions and impairments of HK$2,722 million (as highlighted in the
profit warning announcement in May 2013), as well as higher than expected special items
(provisions on doubtful debt, provisions on inventory, and impairments of fixed assets for
loss-making stores) totalling HK$855 million. As the Group recorded a loss for the financial
year, the Board has not recommended the payment of a dividend.
The Group is currently in the midst of undergoing major changes to address this situation
and adapt to the rapidly evolving market and competitive environment. The significant
efforts made by the management team in this regard have not yet been reflected in our
financial performance. However, since taking over the responsibility to lead the Board
in June 2012, I am delighted to report that the Board and the management team have
successfully accomplished three important and critical tasks during FY12/13.
Firstly, in August 2012, we announced the appointment of Jose Manuel Martínez Gutiérrez
as our new Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director. Mr Martínez has worked
with the management team to promptly put in place the strategic measures to (i) stabilize
the business by radically reducing costs and stabilizing the operations in the short term; (ii)
reignite growth by installing a high performance product engine in the medium term; and
(iii) develop a platform for future growth which includes, among other initiatives, further
development of our business in China and expanding the edc brand in the long term.
The Board is encouraged to see the initial results from the short term cost savings plan, the
most noteworthy being a significant reduction of the Group’s cash utilization, as evidenced
by a cash consumption of only HK$42 million, net of dividend payment of HK$281 million, in
the second half of FY12/13. This represents a considerable reduction when compared with
cash consumption of HK$1,552 million in the first half of the financial year.
Secondly, in October 2012, we were fortunate to find a window of opportunity to raise
approximately HK$5.1 billion under a successful rights issue. This has strengthened the
Group’s cash position, providing required funding for the execution of our transformation.
Indeed, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our shareholders for
their strong support on this rights issue.
Thirdly, as I mentioned in my last letter to you, the Board strives to expand its membership
to achieve a well-balanced mix of executive and non-executive directors who bring further
skills, insight and value to Esprit. I am delighted to inform you that Mr Norbert Adolf Platt
and Mrs Eva Cheng Li Kam Fun were appointed on 6 December 2012 and Mr Carmelo Lee
Ka Sze was appointed on 25 July 2013 as Independent Non-executive Directors of the
Company. With their wealth of experience and expertise in the consumer retail industry, the
China market, and the best practices in corporate governance, I am sure that they will bring
invaluable insights and contributions to the Group.
Looking ahead, the road to recovery is still full of challenges. However, the Board fully
supports the strategic priorities laid down by the management. With the continued
dedication, commitment and hard work of our executive management team and our
employees, I remain confident that we are on the right path to restore the Group’s
sustainable profitability, to build the foundation for our future growth, and to achieve our
goal of re-establishing Esprit as a leading international fashion brand.
Raymond OR Ching Fai Independent Non-executive Chairman
10 September 2013
 