LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERS 
Writing to you as Chairman of the Board for the first time, I am delighted to report another outstanding year for Esprit with many accomplishments.
The Group s turnover increased by 26.9% to HK$29.6 billion while basic earnings per share grew by 36.6% to HK$4.22. The net profit margin improved by 1.5% points to 17.5%. Return to shareholder is further enhanced by increasing the total dividend per share, including the amount paid at interim and the proposed final and special dividend, for the year by 37.7% to HK$3.18 totaling HK$3.9 billion.
Our performance in FY20062007 has strengthened the Group s foundation to sustain its success in the long-term. We continued in expanding into new markets, widening our distribution network, and broadening our brand and product portfolio in order to extend our geographical and demographical reach.
While we continue to place priorities in Germany, Benelux and France where the Esprit brand is already strong, considerable effort has been put in developing high potential markets, such as Spain, Italy, the Middle East and India, where we are gaining market recognition rapidly. Encouraged by the strong performance in these countries, the Group will continue to commit resources to unlock their full potential. Asia Pacific, on the other hand, has undergone significant recovery with much improved profitability. We will speed up the expansion in this region in the new financial year.
We are excited about the progress we have made in the retail operation. The strong retail sales growth and margin expansion this year provides reassurance to our ongoing retail expansion initiative. With an enhanced merchandising strategy, retail operating margins are expected to further improve along with the right assortments and enhanced operational efficiencies.
Another important milestone of the year was our initiatives in diversifying our brand portfolio. We believe giving edc its own identity will add a whole new dimension to the Group s future. Over time, edc has the potential to expand into new product categories and to grow internationally. Brand management is our core competence; therefore in addition to building our own brands, the group will maintain an open attitude to explore acquisition opportunities in the future.
Our commitment to act responsibly is vital to our success. Not only are we passionate about providing support to worthy causes and giving back to our communities, the Group also places a great deal of emphasis on ethical sourcing practices and continual efforts are made in enforcing this belief with our suppliers and 
Looking ahead, the new financial year marks the 40 th anniversary of the Esprit brand. I would like to firstly say thank you to my predecessor, Mr. Michael Ying for having established a solid foundation and for his continued support on the Board as a non-executive director. I would also like to thank my colleagues and staff for all their hard work and dedication which forms the backbone of our growth story. I truly believe Esprit is in the early chapters of an enduring success story. I am confident that we will build on our past achievements and make further important strides towards future growth.
Heinz Jrgen KROGNER-KORNALIK Chairman & Group CEO August 29, 2007 
