Letter from Chairman 
esprit s strategic plan for turnaround is articulated along three distinctive phases: stabilization, transformation and Growth.
the financial year ended 30 June 2014 ( Fy1314 ) has been a year of good progress for esprit as we successfully completed the first phase of our turnaround strategy to stabilize our business and return to profitability. Meanwhile, as of July 2014, we fully embarked on our second phase of transformation with the activation of our new vertically integrated business model which is a major step towards recovering esprit s competitiveness. While the positive results of the new processes we are implementing will take some time to be fully reflected in our financial results, we remain confident that we are on the right track to transforming our business in the necessary way to position the Group for the third phase of our turnaround strategy to pursue long-term sustainable growth.
Fy1314 generally saw improving consumer confidence in some regions around the world, although overall market conditions remained challenging. Parts of europe, the Group s largest market, showed steady economic improvement, while in asia, various geo-political events in some markets, along with a slowdown in China s economy, have broadly impacted consumer spending in the region.
Despite this mixed and challenging environment, the Group achieved an important operational target by achieving a positive eBIt of hK$361 million (as opposed to an eBIt loss of hK$4,170 million last year) and a net profit of hK$210 million (2013: net loss of hK$4,388 million). this improvement in profitability was primarily the result of our targeted cost reduction initiatives which have reduced our cost base significantly and which will provide a leaner platform that we can leverage in the future as we complete our transformation phase and embark on our strategy for growth.
the Group reported a decline in turnover of -9.9% in local currency for Fy1314, which was within our expectations and largely in line with the -10.7% reduction in selling space that resulted from the closures of unprofitable retail stores and the rationalization of our wholesale customer base. In europe, our business continued to stabilize with rates of turnover decline in local currency that were lower than the corresponding decline in net sales area. In asia Pacific, soft consumer spending impacted turnover, with performance in China particularly lagging due to necessary initiatives that we implemented during the year to strengthen our distribution network ahead of the expansion strategy that we intend to implement in that market in the coming years.
Meanwhile, the Group s balance sheet continued to strengthen as we generated net cash from operating activities of hK$1,418 million (2013: net cash outflow of hK$757 million), which increased the Group s net cash position to approximately hK$5.77 billion (30 June 2013: hK$4.65 billion) as at 30 June 2014, the highest level since the end of Fy0708.
In view of the Group s positive eBIt and strong net cash position, the Board has recommended a final dividend of hK$0.04 per share (2013: nil per share). aggregating the interim dividend of hK$0.03 per share paid (2013: nil per share), the total regular dividend per share for the year is hK$0.07. this represents 64.8% of the basic earnings per share of hK$0.11, in line with the dividend payout policy of 60% of the basic earnings per share.
During the year, the Board continued to devote much of its time to working with esprit s executive management team to monitor the progress of the strategic initiatives that we believe will successfully turn around the Group s business performance. I am impressed with the extraordinary passion and commitment demonstrated by our management team, as well as with the hard work and dedication of all of our employees around the world. I believe that it is the efforts of our esprit team that will be the true driving force behind our successful transformation, and I would like to thank our colleagues for their valued contribution, which has made a considerable positive impact on various fronts across our entire operations. We intend to build on this momentum to deliver further positive results so that the benefits of the changes that we are implementing become increasingly visible for all of our stakeholders.
I would also like to thank our shareholders for their support along our transformation journey. In Fy1314, the Board endeavoured to further enhance the Group s transparency by encouraging and supporting management s efforts to engage more closely with our shareholders through ongoing and proactive communications. our Investor relations Day, with updates on the Group s progress, has always been well-received. as a complement to this, from september this year we will be holding our first ever analysts Day, which is intended to be another annual feature of our Ir calendar.
Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to Mrs. eva Cheng, who stepped down from the Board on 30 June 2014, for her valuable service to esprit.
In the coming financial year, esprit will continue its process of transformation under the new, vertically integrated, business model. It is clear that the final stages of recovery will take time and that our initiatives to turn around the business may not have a visible impact on our top line performance for another year. however, equally clear is that esprit is a company with immense potential. We have a powerful brand with a proven track record, backed by an extensive global distribution network and a team that is determined to succeed in reviving the Group s competitiveness. Importantly, the Group addresses its ambitious plans from the sound platform provided by a strong balance sheet. although the operating environment remains challenging, as does the road to esprit s recovery, I am confident that we have the appropriate elements in place from which to build an outstanding business model for 
