TO our shareholders
We are now stronger, healthier
 and better-poised to seize
growth opportunities.
01.1 Letter from Chairman
Dear Shareholders,
it is my pleasure to present to you the esprit Group’s annual results for the financial year
ended 30 June 2017 (“FY16/17”). FY16/17 has been a year of good progress and marks
the completion of the Strategic Plan that was announced in 2013. Looking back, the changes
introduced during these years have empowered the Group with the ability to produce better
products and to operate our channels more effectively. ultimately, these improvements
have proven instrumental to driving a steady recovery of the Group’s profitability. more
importantly, they have created a more solid platform for esprit’s future.
From the beginning, we knew that turning around our business would not be easy, but we
were convinced that transforming our Group was the right way to regain competitiveness in
a market that is also being deeply transformed. While we are still working towards this goal,
we are now healthier and better-poised to seize growth opportunities.
Review of FY16/17
Our industry is undergoing very significant changes fueled by the proliferation of ecommerce
and the intensification of price competition driven by both pure digital players and fully
vertical retailers. in a moment when apparel consumption is lackluster in most markets
around the world, the rapid growth of digital and vertical retailers implies a relevant loss of
market share for other channels and for many other companies.
Raymond OR Ching Fai
9
Annual Report FY 16/17
01 To our shareholders
As a result, operating conditions remain difficult in the industry, especially for brick &
mortar stores. esprit is no exception to this dynamic and has continued to reduce its total
controlled space (-8.5% year-on-year (“yoy”)) and, correspondingly, its topline (-8.7%
yoy in local currency). but, beyond the necessary rationalization of our store network, we
have taken successful measures to achieve a financial result better than last year’s. these
measures focused on profitability and included decisive action to improve gross profit
margins as well as strict discipline to decrease our costs. together, they resulted in a net
profit of the Group to hK$67 million. Considering the relatively small net profit for the
financial year, the board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend at this time.
Although this net profit amount is modest in absolute terms, it is important to highlight that
the main factor contributing to the better results this year was the significant improvement
in the performance of the Group’s underlying operations, i.e. +hK$386 million ebit
excluding all exceptional items.
Finally, thanks to prudent cash management, our cash development has remained stable in
FY16/17. the Group ended the year with a net cash balance of hK$5.2 billion, with zero
debt. We are proud to see that the Strategic Plan has been completed without significant
consumption of cash these years, leaving us with adequate funds to invest in sales growth
and further cost restructuring initiatives.
Moving forward
the board of esprit systematically reviews the best options to utilize our cash reserves to
create long-term value for our shareholders. For the last few years, cash reserves have been
preserved to guarantee the successful execution of our Strategic Plan. moving forward, it
is still our top priority to secure that the Group will have the necessary funds to finalize
its turnaround process. esprit must still reach a state of sustained growth and attractive
operating margins before we can consider that the Group is fully on track again.
in this sense, we remain fully focused on rejuvenating our brand, elevating our products
and improving our distribution network, while, at the same time, pushing more ambitious
initiatives to build a leaner organization.
nevertheless, with improved bottom line and cash flow development from operations, the
board found it appropriate to return some of the Group’s cash reserves back to shareholders.
As such, the Company commenced a share repurchase exercise on 9 August 2017, and
may continue to do so from time to time, based on prevailing market conditions and other
relevant considerations. the share repurchase exercise reflects the Group’s confidence in its
long-term business prospects, which ultimately benefit and create value for shareholders.
Sustainability
For us, sustainability is primarily about doing what is right for the people and right for the
planet; but not just that. it is also about the future of our industry and our business. We
view sustainable products and sustainable operations as a true must and, eventually, as a
key competitive advantage in the mid-term and long-term because only those companies
that can operate in a way that preserves the environment will be viable in the near future. in
this respect, it is our goal to be a leading brand in the different areas of sustainability and we
work hard to reduce our carbon footprint, increase our energy efficiency, reduce our water
consumption, and reuse and recycle our materials.
in FY16/17, we decided to incorporate the united nations Sustainable Development Goals
(“SDGs”) into our sustainability strategy. the SDGs are an internationally recognized
framework that aims to address the three elements of economic growth, social inclusion
and environmental protection as part of a broader endeavor to eradicate poverty and
advance peace and freedom. businesses, alongside governments, are encouraged to
implement actions in support of these goals in order to achieve the framework’s ambitious
goals by 2030. We at esprit have decided to take on this challenge. We have translated
these principles into concrete sustainability commitments that are integrated into our
daily practices. to learn more about our initiatives, we encourage you to read our updated
Sustainability report.
10
Annual Report FY 16/17
01 To our shareholders
Closing
the strength of the Group is built on the hard work and dedication of our over 7,300
employees, whose passion and commitment have also been the driving force behind its
transformation during the past years. i would like to sincerely thank them all for their
contributions. As we move forward, i remain confident in our future, just as i am grateful to
you, our shareholders, for your unwavering confidence; and to our customers and consumers
worldwide for their unfaltering support.
Although trading conditions in the year ahead will continue to be challenging, i trust that by
focusing on our core priorities and our core strengths, we will see esprit emerge stronger
than before.
Dr raymond Or Ching Fai//independent non-executive Chairman
20 September 2017