LEttEr from CHairman 
It is my pleasure to present to you the Esprit Group s annual results for the financial year ended 30 June 2012.
For the financial year FY1112, our operating environment remained challenging amid the Eurozone debt crisis and the slowing economies in our core markets globally which weighed on consumer sentiment and spending. Despite the difficult environment, the Group made good progress on a number of fronts. While turnover declined 10.5% year-on-year in local currency to HK$30,165 million, net profit increased to HK$873 million (2011: HK$79 million) and the Group s net profit margin was 2.9% (2011: 0.2%). Our financial position remained healthy with a net cash position of HK$1,489 million after making investments of over HK$1.4 billion in capital expenditure and incurred expenses of around HK$1.3 billion primarily in relation to brand marketing and wholesale support measures under the Transformation Plan initiatives. Investment in these initiatives is an important foundation for future growth. In line with our commitment to delivering consistent returns to our shareholders, the Board has recommended a final dividend payment of HK$0.15 per share. Aggregating the interim dividend of HK$0.26 per share paid, the total dividend per share for the year is HK$0.41, representing 60% of basic earnings per share.
FY1112 was exceptional in many ways. For the Group, it marked the beginning of a four-year transformation journey to revitalise the Esprit brand and establish the Group as a leading player in the global retail industry. Under our strong and experienced management team, the Transformation Plan has maintained its course and we are beginning to see some good progress in some areas, such as a new brand direction, more inspiring stores, fresh, stylish and feminine collections and the elimination of unprofitable distribution channels. We are generally on track today, and the results are showing that we are laying the foundations for growth to continue in future years. These positive results have not been achieved single-handedly. This momentum has been driven by the collective efforts and strong commitment of a highly experienced management team and our employees worldwide. Despite the recent resignations of some members of our senior management team, the Board has confidence in the strength and leadership of the management team and will continue to provide its full support to ensuring that the transformation will be executed successfully to improve the Group s profitability. Some fine-tuning may be required to adapt to changes in the market environment.
The Board very much regretted that our Group Chief Executive Officer, Mr van der Vis, resigned for personal and family reasons in June 2012. However, we respected his decision, and I would like to take this opportunity to thank him for his valuable contribution and dedication during his tenure as CEO of the Group. To ensure a smooth transition, Mr van der Vis has also agreed to make himself available and provide assistance to the Company until the end of December this year; his kind gesture is much appreciated by the Board.
I am delighted to report to you that one of my first important tasks as Chairman was successfully accomplished in August 2012 when we announced the appointment of Jose Manuel Martnez Gutirrez as our new Group Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director. Mr Martnez, a member of Esprit s Board as of the date of this letter, is a veteran in the apparel industry who has built up over many years a deep understanding of the sector and the markets in which we operate. I believe that with his rich professional experience, his outstanding track record of leadership and his international perspective, he will bring enormous value to Esprit as we continue on our journey to drive growth over the coming years.
We are also happy to see a wealth of new talent join the Esprit family during the year. I would like to welcome Melody Harris-Jensbach, Chief Product and Design Officer; Holly Li, China CEO; Armin Broger, Brand President edc; and Thomas Tang, Group Chief Financial Officer and Executive Director who joined us during the year. They all possess talent and expertise in their own respective fields and I look forward to their respective contributions in moving the company forward.
Having served on the Board of Esprit for more than 15 years, I have a deep understanding of the Group s business and its development over the past years. It has indeed been my privilege to chair a Board of such diverse, capable and highly experienced professionals, and to help steer the Group through the challenges of a dynamic industry and an uncertain economic environment.
In accordance with corporate governance best practice, the Board endeavours to support the expansion of our Board membership by identifying appropriate candidates who will bring further skills, insights and value to the business so that we have a well-balanced composition of executive and non-executive directors.
Looking ahead, the operating environment is likely to remain challenging in the new financial year with the unresolved European debt crisis and the slowdown in China s economic growth. Vigorous efforts will continue to ensure that the new initiatives produce results at a faster pace, with measures initiated to sharpen the brand image, create an inspiring shopping experience for our customers, and launch stylish and feminine collections to improve sales per square metre productivity.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my gratitude and appreciation to Dr. Krber who resigned in June 2012.
I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their valuable contribution and wise counsel. As Chairman of the Group, I will be making every effort to ensure that our employees are encouraged to share the same vision for Esprit and work closely as a team to deliver the successes and returns that will come from implementation of the Transformation Plan. With the right strategy and the collective energy, passion, integrity and innovation of our employees worldwide, I have full confidence that we, together as a team, will take the Esprit brand and business to even greater heights. Finally, I like to thank all of our stakeholders for their 
