leTTeR TO shaRehOlDeRs I have always belIeveD IN The sTReNGTh Of esPRIT 
I have always believed in the strength of esprit. despite a very challenging year, we have achieved a net profit of hK$4,745 million and the board has decided to recommend the payment of a final dividend of hK$0.72 per share and a special dividend of hK$1.33 per share, together with interim dividends paid, representing a 75% total dividend payout ratio for the year. this year, the robustness of our company was put to the ultimate stress test. on many fronts, I am proud to see that the evidence of the resilience of our business model is abundant and I am convinced that esprit will emerge as a bigger and stronger company.
As I always say, the strength of our business model comes from the multi-distribution network, where the wholesale and retail businesses complement one another. Although the wholesale business is presently facing strong headwinds, we are able to maintain our turnover base as the retail business has delivered comparatively better performance. within the wholesale channel, we have started a few years ago to place more emphasis on the franchise store concept whilst keeping all three channels of wholesale distribution. we are happy to see that this strategy is already bearing fruit and this year, the performance of franchise stores has helped offset the decline in turnover of the department stores and multi-label 
Nevertheless, I see difficult times as a wake-up call and I have taken this opportunity to strengthen and consolidate the operating platform, all in preparation for future growth as the global economy recovers.
We have, in the past, expanded globally using a diffused strategy. However, to continue expanding our global footprint, we have presently decided not to open in new marketscountries but to focus our resources on a select few markets, such as core markets where we can increase market share and loss making countries where we can maximise and strengthen our retail store portfolio.
For instance, in France, one of our core markets, our market share is still less than 1%. At the same time, we are diverting resources that would have been spent on entering new markets to focus on turning around selected existing underperforming markets, including Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom. In the United States in particular, we will adopt a multi-pronged strategy, which includes penetrating into outlet malls, partnering with department stores, building the ecommerce channel and very selectively expanding the retail store network in selected cities on the east and west coasts. We will continue to build the brand s relevance and visibility, thereby increasing customer awareness, of our brand through opening stores in prominent shopping locations in these markets.
A comprehensive review of our product divisions has been done and we have noticed that overtime, the 12 product divisions have blended somewhat and became less differentiated. We are working on differentiating the divisions so that they are targeted at each distinct customer group thereby fully maximising our market potential.
Certain inefficiencies and discretionary spending habits have proliferated in the organisation during the period of growth.
During this period of consolidation, we need to become stronger and leaner. We have implemented cost savings initiatives and asked every department to trim costs. We have launched a worldwide revamp of our IT systems, which will optimise and unify workflows within and enhance communication between different departments around the world. Years of experience, knowledge and know-how will be captured within the system and the automated systems will raise efficiency significantly.
To fuel customer demand, we must deliver quality products that are desired by customers and to this end, collectively as an organisation we will need to think with a retail mind. Delivering the right products at the perfect price the perfect price- value correlation to our customers is and will always be the top priority of this organisation. Regardless of the wholesale or retail channel, the whole organisation must operate with a retail-minded vision that is focused on satisfying customers needs. I cannot stress enough the importance of having Ronald Van der Vis as the new CEO to lead the Company on this journey of becoming a more consumer driven company. Having vast retail experience under his belt, he will be able to lead the Company to ensure our customer needs are put in the forefront of everything we do.
Quality products must be accompanied by a strong brand in order to drive consumer demand. For the past 40 years, we have quietly built up our brand to becoming the fourth most valuable apparel brand worldwide, based on a recent study conducted by the consulting group Millward Brown Optimor. My goal is to ensure that the brand is being continuously upheld and improved so I have appointed a Global Marketing Director to ensure we keep charging forward. Subsequent to the year end, to allow management more time to focus on enhancing the Esprit brand, the Company divested the non-core red earth brand related operations.
One of my goals in the past few years is to put in place a succession plan. This year, I am happy to report that the new management team is in place with many top talents who have impressive track records joining the Esprit family. This team will take Esprit onto the next phase of growth. I am already excited with some of the new visions they have brought to me since coming on board.
As the Chairman of the Board, I am delighted to welcome several valuable additions to the Board. Ronald Van der Vis and Chew Fook Aun have joined the Board as Executive Directors and CEO and CFO, respectively. Francesco Trapani, who joined as an Independent Non-Executive Director, brings a wealth of expertise and knowledge from his role as the CEO of Bulgari for more than 20 years. Independent Directors now represent over 50% of the Board. I would also like to thank John Poon, Jerome Griffith and Thomas Grote who left the Board during the year for their contributions to this Company over the years. With the separation of the roles of the Chairman and the CEO as Ronald takes over the role of CEO of the Company in November 2009, this will be yet another step to strengthening corporate governance within the Company.
After a period of uncertainty, there is now clarity. Performance is the only way to measure this and it is my intention that we 
