Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 March 2007.
2006 was a year with milestone development in the history of the Group, which realized historical transition and development. Through acquiring a leading flavours and fragrances company in China, the Group became the leader in the flavours and fragrances industry in China with a leap, in which the market capitalization of the company ranked No 1 in Asia Pacific and top 10 in the global in the industry we served. Meanwhile, the Group delivered promising results of operation, further enhancement in the level of the management and competitiveness of the Group, rapidly increased publicity and widely gained awareness from the international capital market.
PROMISING FINANCIAL RESULTS The Group achieved a sales revenue of HKD1,013,229,000 for the year ended 31 March 2007, an increase of over 30%, achieving the expected growth target; realized a profit attributable to shareholders of HKD595,250,000 before accounting for the share options compensation expenses, a growth of 110.3%; and after accounting for the share options compensation expenses, the profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HKD567,051,000, an increase of 100.3%; basic earnings per share increased by 73.6% to HK19.91 cents, attaining excellent results of operations. Meanwhile, the Group s net cash generated from operating activities amounted to HKD658,380,000 and the financial position is very healthy. To remunerate all Shareholders, the Board proposed to declare a final dividend of HK3.80 cents per share.

The achievement of the aforesaid excellent operating results of the Group was benefited from the operation and development strategies that the Group has been carrying out for a long time. The Group insisted the development strategy of Big Customers, Big Brands for tobacco flavours for a long period. The Group will benefit from the consolidation process of the China tobacco industry in long term. Therefore, the sales revenue of tobacco flavours for the current year recorded a strong growth of 31.8%. In respect of food flavours, the Group realized a growth of 30.9% by secured existing distribution networks and at the same time, placed emphasis on direct sales customers in the year. The Group further enhanced the efforts in R&D while it set up a foreign R&D centre in Germany, introduced a number of foreign technicians among them were internationally well-known tobacco flavourist, which achieved to directly catch with international advanced level and further up-rose the research level of the Group. The Group gained a large number of research achievements in the current year, with more than two hundred new products being developed. Meanwhile, as the raw material structure of many of the continuous developing products were being optimized as well as the capacity of relevant production accessories increased, the gross margin rose from 47.3% of last year to 69.5%, which further improved the operating results.
STRONG MANAGEMENT TEAM The promising operating result achieved by the Group was mainly relied on the strong management team. The common value of Client first that they bore and the spirit of Huabao Innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative was the most valuable wealth of the Group. The devotion to train and bring in excellent professionals and to create good growing environment for the staff is our unremitting mission. The Group has now set up a team of experienced professional managers and a crew of future-oriented employees, who will give Huabao greater momentum for development in the 
The sustainable and high economic growth of China, together with relatively scattered state of the flavours and fragrances industry, provides a rare opportunity for Huabao. For 2007, we estimate that the consolidation of the tobacco industry in China will further accelerate, in which the consumer goods market will maintain prosperous growth. We will grasp these great market opportunities, insist on maintaing the tobacco flavours as the core business, accelerate the development pace of food flavours business and actively develop fine fragrances business. Meanwhile, the Group will actively look for opportunity to expand upstream and determine to form an integrated value chain. The Group will continue to adhere to the development path combining organic growth and external acquisition. We will maintain a close relationship with the flavours and fragrances industries in and out of China and actively looking for opportunities for acquisition. The Group will further and continue to up-rise the research level of products, to combine the local demand from China with the latest international technology and to try hard to tailor make high quality products for the customers. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to fully develop the relationship with customers in all directions and solidify the edge of market competence. We believe, Huabao will continue to have stable and rapid development in the coming year.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their continuous concern and support. I truly express my appreciation to the Directors, the management and the staff of the Group for their loyalty, diligence and hard work in the past year. Together with the Directors and the staff, we will uphold the spirit of Huabao: innovative, pragmatic, loyal and cooperative, to strive for the best for Huabao and to deliver more prosperous returns for all the Shareholders.
CHU LAM YIU 
Hong Kong, 18 June 2007 