A comfortable working environment is always with us Chairman s STATEMENT This year we celebrated the 70th anniversary of the Vitasoy Group.
In these 70 years, we have grown from a humble local Hong Kong company into a global operation that straddles the Eastern and Western hemispheres. We have consistently lived up to our commitment to add value for shareholders, customers and employees, and we are now entering the eighth decade by growing from strength to strength.
I am pleased to report that our business and earnings continued to grow in the past year. The Group s net sales revenue for the twelve months to 31st March, 2010 was HK$3,012 million, up 7% year-on-year. Gross profit was HK$1,498 million, up 15% from HK$1,305 million for the preceding year. Profit attributable to shareholders of the Company increased by 20% to HK$260 million. Earnings per share were HK25.6 cents. The Group s EBITDA was HK$483 million, up 19%, while EBITDA margin to net sales was 16%.
The Board of Directors of the Company is recommending a final dividend of HK13.4 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 31st August, 2010. This, coupled with the interim dividend of HK3.2 cents per ordinary share, means that the Group s total dividend for fiscal year of 20092010 will be HK16.6 cents per ordinary share (20082009 total dividend: HK11.8 cents per ordinary share). The Board is recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per ordinary share (20082009 special dividend: HK10.0 cents per ordinary share), which makes this the eighth consecutive year that a special dividend will be paid.

The business environment improved in the past year to some extent as the global economy in general was recovering from the trauma of the global financial turmoil in 2008. As the drastic measures taken by the governments of the leading economies began to take effect, the financial markets were gradually stabilising and investment confidence was restored. The improvement of the labour market helped fuel the revival of the retail market in general by lifting consumers confidence and spending power. For the non-alcoholic beverage sector, in addition to the more positive market sentiments, there was also the added benefit of certain savings in raw material and shipment costs, especially in the first half of the year when the prices of oil and commodities stayed low. However, commodity prices were rising again in the second half of the year and retail competition in all major markets remained fierce throughout the year.
In the past year, we pursued a dynamic growth strategy in all our major markets. The building and reinforcement of our brands remained a major strategic focus for us. In terms of sales revenue, we saw robust growth in both Mainland China and AustraliaNew Zealand while the performances of both our Hong Kong and Macau and Singapore operations were also satisfactory. In North America, although overall sales dropped subsequent to our exit from the declining mainstream soymilk market in early 2009, sales in our core profitable categories showed impressive growth, which enabled us to record profitability in the North American market for the first time in a decade.
Hong Kong and Macau During the year under review, the Hong Kong economy continued to recover from the economic downturn caused by the financial crisis. For the non-alcoholic beverage sector, competition remained very intense and costs increased with the return of inflation, partly led by the increase in wages and partly due to the rise of raw material prices after the first two quarters on the back of the worldwide economic recovery.
The local retail market, however, did not see a major rebound in consumer spending. In general, consumers are still very cautious in their household buying and are heavily driven by promotional activities. We also noticed a shift of buying habit from convenience stores (on-the-go) back to the conventional channels of super- markets (in-home consumption).
Against this backdrop, we have revitalised two of our flagship products during the year, namely VITA Lemon Tea and VITASOY Soymilk. We have invested in the long term brand building in thematic advertising and packaging revamping. These campaigns were successful as they were widely accepted by the young consumers with whom we have once again re-established a strong emotional connection. The Stand by Me campaign for VITASOY Soymilk was particularly successful. It has generated a wave of very positive response and interaction among the youngsters on the social media in the internet. The Stand by Me television commercial has won the most popular TVC in the food and beverage category and the most popular theme song across all categories in the 2010 TVB Commercial Awards.
While the two product campaigns were targeting the younger generation, the 70th anniversary campaigns were for the wider consumer group of all ages. Through various promotional activities, such as the special limited edition aseptic pack designs, the VITASOY brand had once again caught the attention of people of Hong Kong and captured their hearts as one of the most trusted beverage brands that had literally grown up with them over the 
The school tuck shop business of Vitaland Services Limited ( Vitaland ) was a victim of the swine flu pandemic in 2009.
Substantial revenue was lost in those few months from May to July when primary and secondary schools were shut down under the directives of the Hong Kong Government. Moreover, there is a new initiative that involves on-site meal portioning which could have a cost impact to the operation. Having said that, Vitaland still maintained its market leadership position in terms of sales and school numbers. On the other hand, the catering arm Hong Kong Gourmet Limited ( Hong Kong Gourmet ), was able to mitigate some of the revenue loss from the pandemic by participating the 2009 East Asian Games and Hong Kong Rugby Sevens Tournament held in the second half of the financial year as one of the official venue caterers. The East Asian Games experience also gave us valuable exposure and credentials in serving large scale public events.

The Mainland China milk market was on its way to healing from the melamine-related crisis in 2008 as the Central Government and dairy operators were active in rebuilding the public s confidence in dairy products. The soymilk market continued to experience solid growth as the soy benefit message became more widely accepted. The main challenge in this market was fast- inflating raw material and labour costs.
Through our persistent effort in brand building, product innovation, distribution channel expansion, consumer education and marketing, we maintained our market leadership in the soymilk market, particularly in Southern China. In the midst of aggressive price cuts and promotional spending of the dairy counterparts, we grew our net sales revenue by a strong 29% to HK$729 million.
Our operating profit in this market grew by 33% to HK$104 million.
This rise in profit was partly offset by the increase in tax charge as a result of the government s profits tax unification policy, which in turn had an impact on the Group s overall net profit.
Last year was a significant milestone for us in Shanghai, as we launched heavy ice-breaking campaigns for the VITASOY brand to drive sales towards achieving critical mass. This has enlarged our investments in Shanghai but we saw it as a necessary pain as we have learnt from the South. The results were encouraging while we would continue with our co-packing activities to contribute towards overheads recovery.
As regards product performance, our newly-launched VITASOY Black Bean Soymilk was gaining a stronger presence in our existing market as well as extending it to the eastern provinces.
Last year we also launched a brand new high-end VITASOY High- Fibre Slim Pack series. We were also actively exploring the market potential of provinces like Hunan, Fujian and Guangxi in order to pave the way for further expansion in the Mainland China market.
The rapid business growth is now putting pressure on our production capacity in Mainland China and we have embarked on building a new plant in Nanhai, Foshan which is scheduled to be in commercial production in fiscal year of 20112012. At full swing, the new plant, which is our third in Mainland China, will eventually double our existing production capacity in Southern China.
Australia and New Zealand The Australian soymilk and rice milk markets rebounded and experienced the best growth in years. Vitasoy Australia Products Pty. Ltd. ( Vitasoy Australia ) was the main growth driver in the respective categories. The New Zealand market also witnessed 
We recorded a very robust 22% increase in our net sales revenue which came to HK$347 million, partly thanks to the positive currency movement during the year. The operating profit was HK$56 million, up 8% from the preceding year. This year we saw the full year impact of the increase in royalty and management fees payable to the respective joint venture partners that was initiated in the middle of prior year.
We owed our strong performance in the AustraliaNew Zealand market to our premium brand equity, product quality, selling system reach and product development capability. During the year we expanded our distribution network into a leading dairy manufacturer and also our presence in the convenience and grocery channels. To cope with the business growth in the forthcoming years, the board has decided to go forward with an expansion plan to increase the production capacity by 50% by fiscal year of 20112012. The last time the plant had an expansion upgrade was in 2006.

I am very pleased to report that Vitasoy USA exceeded its financial targets and recorded a profit for the first time in over a decade.
While sales revenue dropped by 9% after our exit from the domestic mainstream soymilk category, we posted an operating profit of HK$8 million.
Our strategic focus was on the core profitable categories Tofu and Refrigerated Asian Pasta where we grew significantly while the market is basically flat hence improving our market leadership position. We are restructuring our distribution system in the Asian beverage segment to enhance the efficiency of trade spend and 
Apart from the strong performance of core products, our success in making a profit last year was also due to the improvement in production efficiency, favourable material pricing, effective control of overheads as well as significant savings in freight-related costs coordinated by a strong management team.

Singapore came out of recession in the latter half of 2009. The consumption of tofu continued to grow but at a slower pace after an exceptionally strong 2008.
Unicurd Food Co. (Private) Limited ( Unicurd ), the Group s wholly-owned subsidiary in Singapore, maintained its leading position by being the main driver for the growth in tofu sales in the domestic market. Unicurd s total sales revenue increased steadily by 3% to HK$63 million while operating profit grew by a strong 10% to HK$9 million.
To increase operational efficiency the management is currently looking for relocating the warehouse and truck logistics to an offsite 
Outlook and Strategy Going forward, it seems likely that the economies of our major markets would continue to recover in the coming year and that the retail trade could benefit from the increase in jobs, wages and consumer spending. At the same time, we are alert to the challenges that could persist or emerge, including the further rise in raw material prices and other overheads as well as intensifying competition in these markets. We are also cautious of the instability that brought forward by the uncertain economic conditions in Europe and the consequential fluctuations in the associated 
Our strategic focus this year is to leverage on our brand equity and product innovation capability to accelerate business growth and fortify our market position. We are also planning ahead and investing for growth. We will ensure that our production facilities worldwide will have enough capacity for meeting the increase in demand and capturing new business opportunities.
The Hong Kong market is expected to remain very competitive.
We will further enhance our production capability by increasing our capacity and technical competence. Our main focus will be on our core VITASOY range, VITA Lemon Tea range, VITA Packaged Water as well as the SAN SUI range of Tofu, Desserts and Soy Drinks. We expect our export business to yield satisfactory results, especially from the Macau market. As regards Vitaland, we have been coping well with the impact of the school reforms and the guidelines on Green Lunch . This year we will strive to maintain our market lead and drive profitable growth by concentrating on targeted accounts and improving our school contract bidding process to achieve better pricing.
The Mainland China retail market is forecast to see another strong year but perhaps at a slower pace due to the consolidation in the property and stock markets. While the soymilk market should maintain its growth momentum, we are also aware that the costs of raw materials and labour are dramatically increasing. The market is becoming more sophisticated and the emergence of new players would lead to more intense competition. We will carry on our aggressive marketing effort initiated last year in Eastern China to reach critical mass. As the market leader, we will continue to play a prominent role in consumer education as regards the health benefits of soy. From an operational point of view, the local management will strive to maximise production output from their existing plants in Shenzhen and Shanghai to meet market demand before the new plant in Nanhai could come into production in fiscal year of 20112012.
The Australian economy has rebounded strongly from the global financial crisis. The soymilk and rice milk markets as a whole are expected to see steady growth in the current year. Competition, especially in the pricing of products, remains fierce. The emergence of private label operators might also add to the intensity of the competition for market share. As we approach market leadership, our role in growing the category becomes more necessary. As regards product development, we will further expand the SOY MILKY range and introduce new items to grow the category and our market share.
The US economy is showing signs of slow recovery with certain increase in business investment and jobs. Given our strong core products, dominant market position, well-established distribution channels and efficient cost management, we aim to further improve our sales and profit. We will focus on our core domestic products under the NASOYA and AZUMAYA brands as well as our Asian imported beverages. We will seek to expand our customer base by enhancing our communication with different consumer groups through effective channels, and product reach through improved sales systems.
The Singaporean economy is forecast to see further improvement this year. Having maintained our growth in the past year, we will continue to drive our business by revamping our packaging design, stepping up our marketing effort and increasing our presence in certain product segments where we are still not in the dominant 
While we celebrated the 70th Anniversary, I am pleased that we have concluded the seventh decade of our operation on a high note. I would like to thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel. I wish to thank our shareholders, customers and business partners for their trust and support. Last but not least, I must thank each and every one of my colleagues from all over the world who have always given their very best to enable the Group s success through the years.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
8th June, 2010 