The Board of Directors would like to report that, for the year ended 31 st March, 2003, the Group registered a consolidated turnover of HK$2,228 million, an increase of 1.6% over the previous year.
Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$139 million, compared to HK$87 million last year.
Earnings per share were HK14.3 cents (2002: HK8.9 cents per share).

The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK5.7 cents per share (2002 final dividend: HK5.1 cents per share) at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per share (2002 interim dividend: HK2.8 cents per share), will make a total dividend of HK8.5 cents per share for the whole year (2002 total dividend: HK7.9 cents per share). On top of that, in view of our strong balance sheet, the Board of Directors is also recommending a special dividend of HK5.0 cents per share.

We achieve strong profit growth of 60%.

Product development and brand strengthening drive continuous growth.

I am pleased to report that the Group's overall results for fiscal 20022003 were a significant improvement over the previous year, especially in terms of profitability, notwithstanding economic uncertainties at home and in most of our overseas markets.
Basically, the Group's business strategies in all major markets around the world continued to focus on brand strengthening and product development. Sales increased steadily in all our major markets, including Hong Kong, the Mainland, and Australia and New Zealand, with the only exception being North America where the focus of the year was consolidation and cost reduction. In terms of profitability, however, improvement was witnessed in all these markets without exception. On the whole, sales growth was more pronounced in the first half of the year in all these markets, slowing down in the second half. Strategy-wise, our focus on market diversification and product development continued to yield very satisfactory results. New product launches and re-launches in Hong Kong were highly successful, which reflects the effectiveness of that strategy in boosting sales and ensuring our market leadership in this market. Production-wise, our Mainland plants have been making good progress in terms of utilisation and our new Australian plant has also been functioning smoothly, generating segment profit for the Group already in its first full year of operation. Vitasoy USA Inc. now operates under one roof and the potential savings in operating costs should give rise to a continuing reduction in losses.

In Hong Kong, we continued to grow our sales and profit steadily, notwithstanding a still sluggish retail market coupled with severe price competition brought about by the prevailing economic downturn, deflation and unemployment. We were fully aware that consumers would invariably look for value for money under such economic climate. We were, therefore, focused on launching new products that could bring better value to consumers. At the same time, we continued to support our product launches and re-launches with innovative and effective marketing and promotion programmes. For example, VITA Fresh Green Tea, CHAT DIN Iced Tea, CHAT DIN Iced Green Tea, VITASOY Premium Organic Soya Drink of different flavours, and VITA Juice Drinks and Jelly Drinks with Juice of various flavours, among others, were launched with very good response from the market 
during the year.The Group's tuck shop business operated under Vitaland Services Limited continued to expand in market share. The business of our kitchen facility under Hong Kong Gourmet Limited for supplying healthy and hygienic lunch boxes to schools was also growing steadily. Our export markets continued to grow, especially Singapore and Macau.
The year 20022003 was basically a transitional period for our North American Operation. Our goal was to consolidate our various businesses in the US under one roof in order to reduce operating expenses on the one hand and pave the way for stronger future growth on the other. That goal has been achieved as shown by the significant reduction of operating loss for the year. In terms of sales, while Aseptic Soymilk and Tofu were still on the decline, the Refrigerated Soymilk segment grew by a healthy percentage.

In the Mainland, we were able to improve our overall performance during the year. This resulted mainly from improved utilisation of our plants, a refined product mix and effective subcontracting arrangements with third parties. Our product launches such as ready-to-drinkTea and Sports Drinks in PET plastic bottle and Aseptic Soymilk with new flavours met with encouraging success. In terms of sales, we continued to experience growth in southern China. Sales declined in the eastern and northern regions because we were focused on consolidating our sales and distribution channels in Greater Shanghai and diversifying into second-tier cities in the neighbouring provinces, including Fujian and Hunan.

In Australia, our new joint-venture production plant in Wodonga, Victoria has been making excellent progress since its commissioning in mid-2001. Strong sales growth was reported in our LUSH Fruit-flavoured Soymilk launch in October 2002 and the plant has already started to bring in segment profit for the Group. Following a year of general decline, the soymilk market in Australia was growing again in 2002.

We were able to capture this growth with our production capacity in Wodonga and at present we account for some 13% of the market share. The New Zealand market was also growing last year and we account for over one-third of that market share.
In August 2002, we sold our equity interest in our associated company, Sodexho (Hong Kong) Limited, for a consideration of HK$14 million, resulting in a gain on disposal of HK$2.5 million.

The impact of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) was felt towards the end of the financial year. Management, in anticipation of the potential impact of SARS on the Group s business, set up a special taskforce at the early stage of the outbreak to implement a comprehensive business continuity plan. The taskforce closely monitored the situation, evaluated the impact and imposed stringent measures to minimise the risk of SARS on our staff. As a result, our operations in Hong Kong and the Mainland were largely unaffected. However, our business in Hong Kong was affected to some degree, whereas the impact we experienced in other markets was minimal.

In Hong Kong, it seems that the economic downturn and deflation we are experiencing would persist in the near future, so a quick rebound of the retail sector would be quite unlikely. The SARS crisis would only serve to prolong and aggravate the ailing economy and affect consumer spending. In view of the suspension of classes in schools and the reduction in outdoor and group activities, sales declined by around 20% year-on-year in April 2003. We are pleased to see that overall sales have been steadily recovering since May. For beverages, consumer sentiment has been improving and outdoor and group activities are back to normal. However, intense competition in price and increased need for advertising would have impact on our profit margin in the first half of the year. Our tuck shop business would also be affected by the fact that most schools have switched to half-day schooling for the remainder of the current school year and that there would only be one to two weeks extension to cover some of the time lost due to the suspension of classes. We are now focusing our resources on securing more contracts in the coming school term so as to regain some of the lost ground. In the meantime, we have implemented a series of cost-cutting measures to contain the losses in the first quarter of the current fiscal year.
Notwithstanding the unexpected onslaught of SARS on the economy, we will continue with our strategy of developing new products and new tastes that can bring higher value to customers. Aggressive marketing and promotion will continue to support sales and further increase our market share. We have been conscious of the need of ensuring cost-effectiveness throughout our operation. In face of the uncertainties ahead, the Group's management has been taking practical steps to contain costs and conserve working capital.

While developing and marketing our products, we have also been taking all the precautionary measures necessary to ensure that these products are safe, healthy and hygienic for consumers in general, and school children in particular. Our production process complies strictly with the principles of Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Point (HACCP). GMP focuses on hygienic control whereas HACCP is an internationally recognised food safety management system. Our production plant and machinery operate in an enclosed and automated environment and under high temperature. All our production-line workers and front-line staff at school tuck shops wear uniforms, caps and masks at work, and the workplace is regularly cleaned and sanitised in accordance with the guidelines set by the Department of Health.

In North America, uncertainties are still hovering over the economy after the incidents of September 2001 and the recent war in Iraq. Consumers would therefore be more careful and selective with their spending. To ensure growth in this market, we will continue to develop more convenient and better-tasting new products that provide consumers with the soy protein they are looking for in their diets. In the current financial year, we are going to increase our investment in advertising and promotion as well as trade spending in order to drive market share growth in the North American market. Our marketing team in the US has been strengthened and is working closely with the research and development team to come up with innovative products in the coming months. In terms of distribution, apart from mainstream channels, we will also focus on alternate channels, including food service (such as hotels, restaurants, canteens, etc.), club stores, and industrial customers. This, we expect, will necessitate the development of new products and also drive sales growth.
The North American soyfoods category is expected to keep on evolving and consolidating throughout 2003. To succeed in this category, Vitasoy USA Inc. needs a more efficient go-to-market strategy that covers, among other things, capabilities for expanded regional production and distribution. In January 2003, HP Hood Inc. began producing VITASOY Refrigerated Soymilk. We believe HP Hood Inc.'s expertise in the dairy business and distribution, as well as national presence, will help enhance the VITASOY brand. At this stage, we are open to any options that would enhance the long-term development of the North American business.

In terms of cost management, improved procurement practices will further reduce packaging and raw material costs. Better inventory and distribution management can also result in savings.

Upon the completion of the consolidation exercise last year, we are optimistic that our North American Operation is able to achieve healthy sales growth and a continuing reduction in losses in the current fiscal year.

We believe the business environment in the Mainland will continue to improve following her entry into the World Trade Organisation. With the robust growth of the retail sector and steady rise in consumer spending, we are confident that there will be many business opportunities in the coming years.
In the Mainland, our strategy is to carry on solidifying and building our leadership in the soymilk market. At the same time, we are also diversifying into fast-growing and profitable ready-to-drink products such as Tea, Juice and Sports Drinks.
To capture a bigger share of the Mainland's beverage market, we will continue to introduce more value-added and trendy new products while executing strategic sales and distribution initiatives in new channels and markets. We also have plans to expand into other key markets in the Mainland. We are confident that southern China will continue to grow as a market for our products, and Sichuan and Guangxi provinces will be our next targets. In the east, we shall go on capitalising on the growth potential of the provinces in the neighbourhood of Shanghai, notably Zhejiang, Jiangsu and Anhui. We are also actively seeking new business opportunities that can further improve the utilisation of the Shanghai plant.
Barring unforeseen circumstances, we are hopeful that the Mainland s beverage market will witness good growth in the coming years and the Group is well poised to benefit from it.
AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND 
In Australia and New Zealand, sales trends at the close of fiscal 20022003 were very encouraging. The sales team has been bringing good results to all areas of our business. Our focus in the current financial year is to regain lost share in the Aseptic Soymilk market while maximising the growth in the Refrigerated Soymilk segment. In terms of volume, we expect strong growth in the following months. While we will continue with product development to ensure a larger market share in the growth categories, major improvements in volume are expected from existing products through the development and execution of a successful pricing and promotional strategy.
In terms of operation, we will continue to improve in production efficiency and supply chain management. A logistics manager has been added to the management team for coordinating various operations.
Despite a very severe drought in Australia, the supply of organically grown beans remains stable for us as a result of our forward commitments. Our Operation will not be adversely affected and the unit manufacturing cost is expected to decrease.

The Group s financial position remains very healthy. We are in an even stronger cash position than a year earlier and we maintain a very low gearing ratio. That means we are very well equipped to face up to unexpected challenges in the foreseeable future and to take up any investment and expansion opportunities that may arise.

The Company was awarded the logo of the "Caring Company" by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service that recognised its efforts in providing a caring environment for staff, donating to the community and demonstrating corporate citizenship. Vitaland Services Limited was granted the Employees Gold Star Award by the Employees Retraining Board of the HKSAR to mark its active participation in employee training programmes for helping the unemployed prepare for entering the retail sector. During the year, over 10,000 Yahoo! (Hong Kong) on-line users elected the VITASOY brand as a winner ofthe "Award ForThe Brand Yahoo HK! Users Are Most Loyal To".

Vote of Thanks 
I wish to thank the Board of Directors for their professional advice and guidance. I also wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued support and trust. I must of course thank our staff teams all over the world for their commitment and hard work, and I know I can count on their good work for sustaining the Group's success.

Winston Yau-lai LO 
we are one of the leading global producers and distributors of soy beverages and foods 