WITH THE CONCERTED EFFORT OF OUR VARIOUS OPERATIONS, WE MANAGED TO INCREASE OUR TURNOVER AND GROSS PROFIT AND TO REGAIN OUR OVERALL GROWTH MOMENTUM ESPECIALLY IN THE SECOND HALF DESPITE THE CHALLENGING OPERATING ENVIRONMENT IN HONG KONG AND AROUND THE WORLD.

No doubt 2003 will be remembered as an exceedingly challenging year for the Group on account of the volatile market conditions at home and around the world, especially in the first half of the year. However, through the concerted effort of our various operations, we managed to increase our sales and profit again and regain our overall growth momentum in the second half.

The Group s total turnover for the year ended 31st March, 2004 reached HK$2,269 million, representing an increase of 1.8% over the previous year. Gross profit for the year was HK$1,288 million, up 3.5%. To ensure that business in Hong Kong was back on track immediately after Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and to strengthen our brands in major markets, the Group incurred an additional HK$41 million in marketing and promotional campaigns. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$116 million, representing a drop of 16.5%.

The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK5.7 cents per share (20022003 final dividend HK5.7 cents per share) at the Annual General Meeting on 9th September, 2004. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per share, will make a total dividend of HK8.5 cents per share for fiscal 20032004 (20022003 total dividend HK8.5 cents per share). On top of that, in view of our strong cash position, the Board of Directors is also recommending a special dividend of HK5.0 cents per share (20022003 special dividend HK5.0 cents per share).

OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY 
In Hong Kong, there are signs that the economy is gradually improving. However, at this stage it is still too early to predict a full rebound as deflation persists and the unemployment rate remains high. As a result, price competition is likely to continue.

To maintain our growth momentum and profit margin, we will continue to innovate and develop new products with higher value. We will also focus on cost management to ensure even more efficient deployment of resources and higher cost-efficiency and productivity.

We have started launching new products and new marketing campaigns for the summer season, and we expect to see steady increase in sales. We have already established an effective model for developing our tuck shop and lunch box businesses in Hong Kong, which is based on hygiene, safety, wholesome ingredients and quality, and we expect to see continued growth in the coming year.

The demand for soy food products in North America has been increasing steadily but most brands are similarly positioned, and so competition is mainly on the basis of price and shelf space. To achieve any breakthrough, we find it necessary to delve deeper into consumers preference, with a view to developing products with unique values which appeal to them and justify premium pricing. We are doing exactly just that in the coming months. In addition, we are exploring ways to protect the success of our new products by including proprietary technology. In terms of operation, we would focus on ways to improve production efficiency and profitability.

In the medium term, Vitasoy China will pursue a strategy that focuses on our core business, core brands and core competency. This, we believe, will help us capture the evident consumer trend where choice is increasingly influenced by heightened health consciousness, deeper knowledge of the nutritional value of soy and better packaging.

We are implementing this growth strategy in the following ways. We will continue to make sensible investment in our core brand VITASOY. We will improve our outlet management and distribution. We are developing and launching new products that target the family consumption market, which is well established. We are actively pursuing an outsourcing arrangement for our products in order to minimise risks associated with fixed assets. Internally, we will continue to make improvement on our operational efficiency.

Australia & New Zealand 
Australia and New Zealand is a growing market with good potential. Its performance so far has convinced us that there is still much room for further development as the consumer market is receptive to new products.

We expect to see steady growth in both sales and profitability in this market in the coming year. In particular we expect to gain market share after refocusing our marketing and promotion strategy in both Australia and New Zealand.

Our strategy will focus on the launching of new products in the value soy beverage area flavour innovation as well as growing our sales in petrol stations and convenience stores. A strong volume and brand base is paramount to achieving future profitability in these markets.

The Group s financial position remains very strong and we are in an even stronger cash position than a year earlier. Higher prices of raw materials would be a key factor affecting our production cost in fiscal 20042005. However with our continuing efforts in cost management and productivity improvement we are confident that our margins could be maintained.

Looking ahead we believe the coming year would still be full of challenges but we are well equipped to manage those challenges and sustain our growth momentum.

We are pleased to report that the Group was the winner of a number of awards last year.

The VITASOY brand was elected one of the Top 10 Supermarket Brands in a Most Favourite Brand Competition held by one of the leading supermarket chains in Hong Kong.

The VITA brand was elected by over 15,000 on-line users as one of the winners of the Yahoo! Emotive Brand Award .

China Enterprise Research and Development Centre (Beijing) recognised Vitasoy as an Enterprise Operating by Principles of Quality Integrity and Rules and Regulations .

I wish to extend my sincere gratitude to the Board of Directors for their valuable guidance and advice in the past year. I also wish to thank our shareholders customers and business partners for their relentless support and understanding. I must of course thank every member of our staff for their continued commitment and industriousness and for maintaining a high working spirit throughout this trying period.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
Executive Chairman 14th July 2004 