Chairman s Statement FY20122013 was a year in which Vitasoy embarked on a new phase of sustainable growth following the completion of several capacity expansion projects. Although we experienced very challenging operating environments in most of the markets, we continued to grow our business, deliver the expected top and bottom line results. This drive for organic growth has been in line with our long term planning strategy.
Sustainable Business Growth We recorded solid growth in both sales revenue and profit.
For the year ended 31st March, 2013, the Group s total net sales revenue grew 9% to HK$4,051 million, versus HK$3,717 million in FY20112012. The growth was broad based across all operating markets and categories in value and volume.
We grew our leadership position, strengthened our core brands and distribution networks, and led the category growth in the markets where we operate.
Despite rising labor and production costs, as well as continuous investment in brand equity and distribution reach, we registered profitable bottom-line growth. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased 8% year-on- year to HK$303 million. We were also successful in sustaining our gross margin at 48%, similar to last year s level, through operating efficiencies, that is a significant achievement within the categories in which we operate.
Hong Kong remained our core market. During the year, we successfully commissioned our new PET (Polyethylene terephthalate) plastic bottle line and drove volume growth in this segment. Mainland China has been our growth engine, registering an impressive 16% increase in sales revenue and 37% improvement in profit during the year. The increased production capacity from our new Foshan plant allowed our China team to implement the Go Deep Go Wide strategy more effectively and expand our territorial coverage.
In Australia and New Zealand, we continued to lead the category growth in the alternate milk segment and enhance our distribution in New Zealand. In the US, in spite of the continuation of manufacturing breakdowns, we maintained our leadership position in the packaged tofu market and drove category growth. In Singapore, we expanded our business through an improved sales and channel mix.
The financial position of the Company is healthy and the Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK16.6 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 5th September, 2013. Together with the interim dividend of HK$3.2 cents per ordinary share, this brings the Company s total dividend for FY20122013 to HK19.8 cents per ordinary share (FY20112012 total dividend: HK18.3 cents per ordinary 
Brand Leadership with Stronger 
To fortify our market leadership position, we continued to optimise our product portfolio and invest in advertising and promotion to build brand equity. We invested in our sales force and expanded our market share in the past year. Our efforts in these areas have driven category expansion and overall 
We have completed our investments in production facilities, following the inauguration of our new Foshan plant in Mainland China, the installation of a fast-speed PET line at our Tuen Mun plant in Hong Kong in FY20112012 and the completion of the expansion program at our Wodonga plant in Australia this year. We are now well-positioned to capture new business opportunities going forward and will continue to invest in organic growth.
Commitment to Environment and People While we are committed to being financially sustainable, we are also doing our part to protect the environment by adopting energy efficiency programs. We have enhanced our operation processes and production facilities to conserve energy while achieving overall efficiency. We endeavor to integrate our business activities to contribute to the society through supporting local community events and staff involvement.
We continued to run the corporate wellness program to promote a healthy work-life balance culture. Our Talent Management Program has been expanded to Mainland China and our career development plan for employees continues to groom high-calibre managers for future business needs.
The Year Ahead Our strategy is to maintain sustainable business growth and build shareholder value over the long term. FY20132014 is expected to contribute towards achieving these objectives.
We will build through our commitment to product quality, marketing innovation, the expanded infrastructures and a dedicated workforce being the four cornerstones to take on these challenges in the coming year.
Notes of Appreciation I wish to thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel as well as our shareholders, customers, and business partners for their unfailing support and trust in the past year.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Mr. Laurence P. EISENTRAGER, our Executive Director and Group Chief Executive Officer, who will retire on 31st July, 2013, for his dedication and valuable contribution during his tenure of over 10 years in Vitasoy, and wish him all the best in his well- 
Mr. Roberto GUIDETTI joined Vitasoy as Group Chief Executive Officer since 1st April, 2013. He has 26 years of fast moving consumer goods experience in food and beverage field.
We believe that Vitasoy will continue to prosper under his 
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend our sincere thanks to all Vitasoy employees across the world for their dedication and hard work, which contributes to the Company s continuing success.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
27th June, 2013 We achieved a solid 
FY20122013 as a result of our persistent focus on quality standards, product innovation, brand investment, and customer and consumer services.
