CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that we once again delivered growth in sales revenue and profi t in the last fi scal year.
For the year ended 31st March, 2008, the Group s profi t attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$211 million, representing an increase of 21% year-on-year. Total net sales revenue increased by 15% to HK$2,416 million, versus HK$2,109 million in Fiscal 20062007. The Group s gross profi t increased to HK$1,131 million, up 16% from the previous year. Earnings per share were HK20.9 cents. The Group s EBITDA stood at HK$391 million, up 14%, while EBITDA margin to net sales was maintained at 16%.
The Board of Directors of the Company is recommending a final dividend of HK8.7 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 28th August, 2008. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per ordinary share, will mean that the Group s total dividend for Fiscal 20072008 will be HK11.5 cents per ordinary share (20062007 total dividend: HK9.5 cents per ordinary share). In addition, the Board is recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per ordinary share (20062007 special dividend: HK10.0 cents per ordinary share). This is the sixth consecutive year that special dividend is paid. This decision of the Board speaks for our healthy financial status and is in line with the Company s dividend policy which duly reflects our commitment to generate higher value for 
The Group s encouraging sales performance last year is an apt reflection of our effective business strategy, the implementation of which was aided by the prevalence of a largely favourable operating environment in nearly all our major markets.
In accordance with our strategies announced at this time last year, we forged ahead with product innovation by developing and launching a wide variety of new and trendy products with higher added value, growing our market presence through brand building, deepening our market penetration through channel development, and re-focusing on core competencies where necessary to maximise gain. Naturally all these efforts have been supported by our innovative marketing and sales effort that unfailingly delivers superior results and breaks new ground for us. As a result, we achieved strong sales growth and expanded our market presence in Mainland China, Australia and New Zealand and Hong Kong. At the same time, having re-adjusted our business focus in North America, we attained a single-digit sales growth and achieved the primary goal of narrowing operating loss 
I would like to report here that in early April 2008, we have acquired the entire equity of Unicurd Food Co. (Private) Limited ( Unicurd ), which is a leading soyfood manufacturer and marketer in Singapore.
This acquisition represents a major step taken by the Group in enhancing its market presence in Singapore. I will elaborate on this initiative in a separate part of this Statement.
To stay in line with industry practice, we started to show the turnover figures on net sales basis by deducting rebates and discounts from gross sales revenue beginning Fiscal 20072008. We believe that this brings our financial statements to international standard and makes benchmarking more easily. Prior year numbers have been adjusted accordingly in the interest of consistency.

In Hong Kong, the growth momentum of the economy remained vigorous in the past year. Economic growth was driven by active investment in business, stock and property, exports of merchandise and services as well as inbound tourism. The retail sector flourished on the back of greater consumer confidence which was boosted by improved employment and higher labour income. Benefiting from such an operating environment, Hong Kong s non-carbonated beverage market grew in both volume and value terms. Amid strong internal demand, inflationary pressure was also increasing. While adding to operating cost, however, this also helped to some extent in justifying the increase of retail beverage prices.
I am pleased to announce that we continued to maintain our market leadership position by growing our net sales revenue by 5%. Under an aggressive product development programme, we rolled out a record number of new products and flavours to drive demand growth. As a result, our core products like Ready-To-Drink Tea, Soymilk and Distilled Water continued to perform strongly. At the same time, we developed and launched several new products to ride on the current trend of healthy dieting and succeeded in significantly reinforcing our market position in this area. On top of that, we also made considerable headway in expanding into the dessert and cooking ingredient segment by launching the organic VITASOY SAN SUI Tofu range of products and VITASOY Soya Bean Hot Pot Soup during the year, the former of which in particular has attracted very keen response from the market since its launch in May 2007.
The Group s tuck shop business in Hong Kong conducted through its subsidiary, Vitaland Services Limited ( Vitaland ), grew in sales but recorded a drop in profit because of higher operating costs. We will work closely with our business partners to protect our profit margin while keeping quality service level. The catering business of Hong Kong Gourmet Limited ( Hong Kong Gourmet ) showed a slight decline while its profit was also eroded by the soaring cost of food ingredients.
The Group s exports from Hong Kong improved further, growing by 18% in value 
The Chinese economy as a whole remained robust in 2007. The increasing awareness of the importance of healthy dieting, especially among higher-income urban consumers, continued to create higher demand for nutritional beverages such as soymilk in Mainland China.
This benign operating environment has been conducive to the continued execution of our core business, core brand and core city strategy in Mainland China. Net sales surged by a strong 59% year- on-year as we have been in a good position to harvest from our persistent and systematic investment in brand building and promoting soy benefits. The expansion of the Group s distribution channels in Mainland China has also allowed us to expand and deepen our market presence, particularly in Southern China. Meanwhile, we continued to profit from Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) by bringing in from Hong Kong a broader range of products that have been in keen demand in the major cities. In terms of channel development, we have already succeeded in entering the school retail segment.
Australia and New Zealand The Australian and New Zealand markets as a whole remained a high-growth market for the Group although the soymilk and rice milk markets in Australia experienced a slight decline in the early part of fiscal year while that in New Zealand had shown only modest growth 
Net sales revenue generated in Australia and New Zealand taken together increased by a strong 28%. Backed by our joint-venture facility in Wodonga whose production capacity has been substantially expanded since end-2006, we have been pursuing a more aggressive business expansion programme to profit from our brand equity and product innovation capabilities. The large array of new products launched in Fiscal 20072008 has been highly successful in driving the growth of sales and market share in this important market.

I am pleased to report that, notwithstanding the prevailing economic downturn, Vitasoy USA achieved very encouraging results last year.
While reversing the negative growth trend since Fiscal 20022003 by growing net sales in North America by 8%, we also achieved the main goal of substantially narrowing our operating loss by 53% versus 
By adjusting our business strategy to re-focus on core competencies, we have been able to drive the sales of most core products, including tofu, SAN SUI soymilk, pasta and imported beverages. We have also extended our presence to alternate distribution channels such as food service and club store as well as ethnic markets. Meanwhile, effective financial management and the trimming down of operating costs allowed us to drastically reduce our operating loss.

Through our subsidiary, Vitasoy Investment (Singapore) Pte. Limited, we have acquired Unicurd for a total consideration of S$14 million (HK$78.6 million), which was funded entirely from the Group s internal cash resources. Upon the completion of this transaction on 2nd April, 2008, Unicurd has become one of the Group s wholly- owned subsidiaries. Unicurd is the market leader of packaged tofu in Singapore with an estimated market share of 60%. Besides tofu, it also specialises in soy desserts, soymilk, tofu puffs, noodles and pickles. Aside from domestic sales, it also exports to markets in Europe, Asia, New Zealand, South Africa and Dubai.
We consider this acquisition an important strategic move in a business segment that we know thoroughly well. It also speaks for our commitment to growing the Group s business in areas that are complimentary to and compatible with our core competencies. In the days ahead, we will maintain Unicurd s excellent manufacturing and service standards that form a key part of its corporate culture. It goes without saying that we will actively facilitate its further development with the Group s extensive global resources.
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY Looking ahead, we are cautiously optimistic that the retail environment of the majority of our major markets, including Hong Kong, Mainland China and Australia and New Zealand, is likely to remain stable as their economies stay on their respective growth track.
On the other hand, operating cost will be an increasingly thorny issue in view of the escalation of raw material cost, which would likely be aggravated by fluctuations in supply. Furthermore, the rise of wages and other operating expenses will accentuate the challenge of cost management while the profitability of businesses could possibly be subject to depletion in a volatile foreign exchange market.
In Hong Kong, our key business emphasis in the current year will be to engage in active product innovation and aggressive marketing to drive business growth, although sales growth might be at a relatively slower pace after a buoyant 2007.
In June 2008, we have revamped the VITASOY logo and product package in Hong Kong and Macau to refresh and rejuvenate the VITASOY brand. The new package gives a more modern look by combining the brand s Chinese and English trademarks and embracing the bilingual culture of Hong Kong. The colours and graphics are meant to appeal to the consuming public at large, particularly the younger generation. In the months ahead, we are launching a series of marketing and advertising activities to support the revamping programme and to reinforce the market position of the VITASOY brand. I will elaborate on this programme in the extended part of this 
Regarding our tuck shop business in Hong Kong under Vitaland, we will take a more selective approach in business development by focusing on the quality instead of quantity of business partners to ensure better profitability. Steps have been taken to streamline operation by automating the ordering process to speed up transactions. Needless to say, we will also strive to manage costs pragmatically, for example, by adopting a more effective procurement 
Mainland China is expected to remain a high-growth market for us in the foreseeable future. Robust domestic consumption is expected to drive GDP growth and enliven the prospects for the sale of consumer products. However, rising inflation and thus higher operating cost in this market should be regarded as a major challenge. Besides, the promulgation of new labour protection legislation will no doubt have extra cost implications for business operators.
With rising affluence especially in the major cities and consumers increasing health awareness, our systematic effort in brand building and soy benefit education should continue to pay off in terms of sales growth, brand loyalty and market penetration in Mainland China. In the coming year, we will deepen the execution of our core business, core brand and core city to drive the growth of sales and market share by expanding our distribution channels and introducing a broader range of products.
We believe the operating environment in Australia and New Zealand will be positive in the coming year as their respective economy continues to grow, although rising costs and intense competition on price will remain major issues. To spur sales growth, our strategic focus will be on product innovation and revamping product packaging. For instance, a new one-litre refrigerated product, VITASOY Rice Milk, will be launched together with other new one- litre aseptic varieties. Notwithstanding severe competition, we will maintain our premium retail shelf price to defend our brand s premium market position while adhering to our current promotion strategy to drive both volume consumption and consumer trial. At the same time, we will fortify our market position by maintaining superior product and service quality.
In the North American market, we will drive the sales of existing products, including tofu and pasta, in traditional business channels, expand our private-label tofu business, focus on alternate channels such as food service, club store and so on, and continue to develop the supermarket and natural businesses. New product growth will be driven by the launch of single-serve Aseptic Soymilk and the development of innovative seasonal and specialty soymilk products.
With a view to further improving our bottom line, we will focus on cost management by enhancing trade spending efficiency. In view of the rise in raw material costs, we might consider to raise the price of our products where possible during the year.
Globally, the development of the supply situation in the commodity market over the last twelve months has been challenging. The prices of oil and key agricultural products such as soyabean, wheat and corn have seen significant surges and have become volatile, thus making materials procurement and business planning more important.
Such uncertainty has been caused by a multitude of factors, including erratic climates (droughts, floods, extreme cold, etc.), bio-fuel development, increasing demand of food from emerging economies and, last but not least, speculative activities in the worldwide 
It is therefore imperative for us to ensure a high degree of flexibility in our pricing policy. We will also step up our effort in materials procurement in order to mitigate the adverse impact of raw material 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS On reaching the retirement age, Mr. John Shek-hung LAU resigned from the Board as Executive Director and from the Group as Senior Director Finance and Administration with effect from 1st December, 2007. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Mr. Lau for his loyalty and valuable contribution in an illustrious tenure of 19 years and to wish him all the best.
Mr. Ambrose Kam-shing CHAN resigned as Executive Director of the Board and Chief Executive, Asia with effect from 25th July, 2007. We thank him for his past contribution to the Company and wish him 
Mr. Laurence P. EISENTRAGER was appointed an Executive Director of the Board with effect from 20th July, 2007. On 1st August, 2007, Mr.
Eisentrager was promoted from his former position of Chief Executive, Hong Kong to the newly created position of Group Chief Executive Officer to take up most of the executive responsibilities for the Group s major markets and operating units. This is a major step taken by the Group to be in line with one of the best practices in corporate governance by separating the roles of the board chairman and chief executive officer to ensure more effective checks and balances.

In concluding, I wish to thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel and guidance. I also wish to thank our shareholders, customers and business partners for their continued support. Last but not least, I must extend my heartfelt appreciation to all my colleagues whose devotion, ingenuity and hard work have been and will remain crucial to the Company s good performance.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
3rd July, 2008 VITASOY REVAMP IN HONG KONG MARKET Growing up with Hong Kong people, VITASOY has always shared a sense of friendliness and warmth with us. People be they children, teenagers or adults always feel warm when they see the brand, to such an extent a strong emotional relationship has been gradually built up between VITASOY and its consumers. Over the years, VITASOY has walked hand-in-hand with Hong Kong people and has become a widely-known brand, a brand that Hong Kong people are truly proud of.
Upholding the Vitasoy Spirit , VITASOY always encourages Hong Kong people to pursue continuous progression and improvement. For this reason, VITASOY is staging a major campaign in Fiscal 20082009 including a new TV commercial, a new packaging design and various new products to meet consumers diverse needs. This VITASOY campaign seeks to motivate Hong Kong people in a positive way and encourages everyone to go for improvement and better things in life.
ALL-NEW VITASOY PACKAGING The new VITASOY packaging not only provides a whole new refreshing look, it also serves to preserve VITASOY's strong connection with Hong Kong people.
" The designer has skillfully combined VITASOY s Chinese and English trademarks, making the design look more contemporary and in line with the bilingual culture of Hong Kong.
" The new packaging highlights the VITASOY brand emphasizing VITASOY as a successful local brand with a leading position in the 
" Original packaging colours of Regular and Malted flavour of VITASOY are retained to preserve the familiar feeling with 
" Soymilk is a natural and healthy drink. The designer has brought out this characteristic by using a pure-white colour background for flavour range of VITASOY. The special ingredients and colours for each flavour illustrate the enjoyment of a variety of tastes.
" Targeted at teenage consumers, the new VITASOY packaging design uses vivid graphics of the ingredients to feature each flavour, in turn portraying a sense of youthfulness and vitality.

