WINSTONYAU-LAI LO EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
I am pleased to report that for the year ended 31st March, 2005, the Group's total turnover was HK$2,380 million, up 4.9%. Gross profit was HK$1,368 million, up 6.2%. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$124 million, representing an increase of 6.9%. Earnings per share stood at HK$0.125, compared to HK$0.118 a year ago.

The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK5.7 cents per share at the upcoming Annual General Meeting on 5th September, 2005. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per share, will make a total dividend of HK8.5 cents per share for the full year (20032004 total dividend: HK8.5 cents per share). On top of that, in view of our strong cash position, the Board of Directors is also recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per share (20032004 special dividend: HK5.0 cents per share).

The year under review witnessed an apparent improvement of market sentiments and a better operating environment for businesses in general. Despite these favourable developments, challenges for the non-alcoholic beverage industry still abounded as competition in both the domestic and overseas markets intensified. However, with its brand superiority, market leadership, product innovation capabilities and marketing strengths, the Group was able to implement with success its customer-focused and market-focused business strategies that delivered stable growth in both revenue and profit attributable to shareholders.

In Hong Kong, the economy rebounded strongly from the impact of SARS in 2003. Individual sectors were able to benefit from the influx of the Mainland China tourists under the Individual Visit Scheme and the positive effects of the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangements (CEPA). However, for the non-alcoholic beverage industry, competition in this market remained intense and the industry's performance did not really reflect the improvement of the economy and fell by 2% in value instead. Notwithstanding this environment, the Group continued to focus on brand building, Qualitv of life VITASOY MAINTAINS CONTINUED SALES AND PROFIT GROWTH BY SUCCESSFUL IMPLEMENTATION OF FOCUSED BUSINESS STRATEGY 
product development and innovative marketing, resulting in healthy sales growth and higher profitability. Our tuck shop business also grew in terms of both income and market share as our tuck shop network continued to expand in Hong Kong. Exports from Hong Kong grew strongly as we continued to launch new products and penetrate new markets.

For Vitasoy USA Inc., the year under review was a period of change. A new management team is now in place. During the year, the Group implemented a number of initiatives to reduce operating loss and achieve business growth. These included the consolidation of Tofu manufacturing in the plant in Ayer, Massachusetts, the exit from the unprofitable Refrigerated Soymilk business, the engagement of a new co-packer for Aseptic Soymilk, and major improvements made in supply chain operations. The purpose of these initiatives was to ensure a sharper business focus in the US, to keep abreast of market needs, to enhance our competitiveness and to maximise the utilisation of the production capacity of the Ayer plant. Today Vitasoy USA Inc. has transformed into a more market-oriented company with higher productivity and operational efficiency. We have achieved the original target of narrowing our operating loss in the US. Profitability should improve as annual savings of more than HK$10 million are expected after the consolidation. During the year, we also introduced a robust product development process to allow our marketing team and research and development team to work closely together to anticipate and meet market demands.

In Mainland China, we started implementing a new strategy of "core business, core brand and core competencyH. Investment was made to reinforce our core brand for Soymilk and to enhance our core competency in order to build our market leadership. The results have been very satisfactory. With a sharper focus only on products with higher profit margins, sales fell in the first half of the year as expected but started to rebound in the second half. More importantly, we achieved our goal of raising our profitability in this market, despite the rise in material costs, power shortage and higher transportation costs. Our Shenzhen plant continued to be profitable whereas our Shanghai plant also improved in capacity utilisation and cash flow.

The Group's performance in Australia and New Zealand was very encouraging in the past year as demands in these markets continued to grow. Sales and profit grew strongly, driven primarily by a successful product innovation programme and effective marketing and promotion. In addition to growing our sales and profit, we also secured larger market shares and made much headway in building our brand in these two markets.

OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY 
Looking ahead, we believe that in the foreseeable future the world economy is still subject to some uncertainties caused by rising US interest rates, oil prices and commodity prices. For the non-alcoholic beverage market in particular, price competition and consumers' changing preferences are likely to remain key challenges.

The Group is committed to maximising shareholder value and being the preferred supplier for customers. With our strong capabilities and track record, we will continue to enhance our competitiveness by pursuing a market-oriented and customer-oriented business strategy that focuses on brand building, product innovation and aggressive marketing in all the markets where we chose to develop. One of our priorities is to further enhance the vitality of our brands by invest in promotion initiatives. This is crucial for boosting our share and leadership position in our major markets. While we will strive to lower the costs of materials through supply chain management and expanding our sourcing network, we will also continueto enhance our manufacturing and distribution processes to ensure higher efficiency and possibly savings as well.

In Hong Kong, as the economy revives and consumer confidence returns, deflationary pressure on the beverage sector would probably subside and overall growth seems more likely in the coming year after a prolonged period of contraction. However, as mentioned above, price competition will remain a key challenge.

To sustain the growth of sales and profit in Hong Kong, we consider it a priority to continue developing new products while adding new elements and values to existing products. We are determined to make further investment in the healthy Soymilk category to take advantage of the current trend of healthy dieting. At the same time, we will also be focused on further boosting the sales of Tea and Juice Drinks that have already garnered wide support from customers. For example, in April 2005 we have launched CALCI-PLUS Oat Soymilk that carries the health benefits of both soy and oat, and have also added a new member to the existing VITA TSING SUM ZHAN range, namely, Grapefruit Lemon Drink.

Our consumer-oriented product innovation programme will help ensure that our products can meet customers' precise needs and drive the growth of sales. We will also continue to invest in brand building and capitalise on our brand portfolio to expand our market share. Meanwhile, with the market's growing recognition of the quality of our products and service, our school tuck shop business is expected to further expand and capture a larger market share in the coming year.

It appears that the market environment in the US will remain tough in the coming year. However, with the drastic changes we have made to our operation and business structure as well as the measures we have taken to increase competitiveness, our US operation now enjoys a higher degree of flexibility and is in a much better position to capture sustainable sales, narrow operating loss and achieve profitability in the foreseeable future.

Regarding product development, our strategy remains to focus on products with unique values. As many US consumers become more health-conscious, we are increasingly emphasising that VITASOY products are premium quality, and can provide specific health benefits. In order to deliver that message, and to better explain the health benefits of our products, we are building relationships with health care professionals and with the media. We are also increasing our direct contact with consumers. A new Aseptic Soymilk -VITASOY COMPLETE - has been introduced, and a new beverage for weight management is currently in test market.

The focus in Mainland China has been the Dairy Milk category due to the preference of the mainland consumers whereas the growth of the Soymilk category would remain slow. We would expect the severity of price competition in the Dairy Milk sector to abate in the coming year, this should allow us to allocate more resources for improving distribution efficiency in core cities in southern and eastern China so that we could achieve higher sales and profit growth, and at the same time strengthen our brands' market presence. Regarding Soymilk, we will continue to be proactive with a measured pace by leveraging our strong brands to expand gradually in this market.

Through cooperative packaging arrangement, we will further increase the utilisation of our plant capacity to ensure bottom-line improvement. The Shanghai plant has already established very strong and mutually beneficial relationship with a leading local dairy company through a co-packing contract that was renewed last year. The business thus generated can be extended to the Shenzhen plant to achieve higher synergy and better utilisation of resources. Our successful experience in the co-packing business has enhanced our confidence in pursuing similarly profitable co-packing leads in Mainland China.

The long-term benefits of CEPA should not be underestimated. We are closely monitoring and exploring the market opportunities that have arisen or will arise in the course of time. Our aim is to increase our product offerings and build up a large product portfolio in the Mainland China market by importing from Hong Kong.

Australia and New Zealand 
We believe these markets will flourish and the prospects for the VITASOY brand of products are bright. Doubledigit growth is expected to continue in the coming year and the contribution of the Wodonga plant to the Group's revenue and profit should increase.

Growth in the coming year will be driven by new products. In order to better sustain our advantages in this vibrant market and to ensure higher growth and operational efficiency, we remain open to new opportunities and options that may arise.

In May 2005, San Miguel Corporation ("San Miguel"), through its wholly owned subsidiary in Australia, has successfully obtained the controlling interest of National Foods Limited, ourjoint-venture partner in Australia.
National Foods Limited has been a reliable business partner for the Group and San Miguel enjoys a strong market position in Oceania, South East Asia and Mainland China respectively. We have been in discussion with the two companies to understand their positions but at this stage we do not foresee any immediate significant impact on us and we will continue to pursue growth and expansion in Australia and New Zealand.

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
Mr. Chi-kian SHIU, former Non-executive Director of the Board, was re-designated Independent Nonexecutive Director, effective 10th September, 2004.

Mr. Frank Yau-yee LO resigned as Non-executive Director of the Board for personal reasons with effect from 19th 0anuary, 2005. Mr. Fransis Ming-yin KONG resigned as Executive Director of the Board for personal reasons with effect from 18th April, 2005. We thank them for their valuable contribution in the past and wish them all the best.

I wish to thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel and guidance. I also wish to thank our shareholders, customers and business partners for their continued trust and support. Last but not least, I thank the staff of our operations worldwide for their commitment and good work that are crucial to the success of the Group.

Winston Yau-lai LO 
5th uly, 2005 
