CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that we delivered another year of progress for the Vitasoy Group, despite the slowing economic growth and intensifying competition. The Vitasoy Group recorded encouraging growth of 12% in sales and 15% in gross profit in FY20142015. Our strong business performance reflects our effective business strategy and strong implementation of the Group s 2020 vision of accelerating our core via Execution, Expansion and Innovation.

During the year, we focused on our core competency in the plant-based categories. We developed and launched new products with higher nutritional value and great taste.
We grew our market share through brand building and strong execution. Geographically, the Hong Kong operation maintained healthy growth while Mainland China business continued to perform robustly. For the other operating markets, we sustained our category leadership position.
While delivering strong financial performance, we continued to enhance our capabilities that underpin our long-term growth. We have already embarked on the construction of our fourth plant in Mainland China. We have also expedited our efforts in improving manufacturing efficiency, as well as carefully managing our operating costs to deliver 
The Group s profit attributable to shareholders increased 21% to HK$372 million. In view of the Group s healthy financial position, the Board of Directors recommends a final dividend of HK21.2 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 9th September, 2015. Together with the interim dividend of HK3.2 cents per ordinary share, this brings total dividend for FY20142015 to HK24.4 cents per ordinary share (FY20132014 total dividend: HK20.2 cents per ordinary share).
Promoting Nutrition, Taste and 
Vitasoy always aligns with consumer needs and we respond to this through our innovation in nutritious and tasty offerings. Each of our five geographical markets introduced new products including zero cholesterol, added calcium, higher protein, and less sugar in FY20142015 to offer the best options for the consumers.
We have begun to share our social and environmental efforts in a separate report. The first Vitasoy Sustainability Report accompanies this Annual Report. It will give a more detailed account of our sustainability efforts and programmes.
It is prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange s Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide. It will help our stakeholders to understand more about the Group s work in the areas of Workplace Quality, Operating Practices, Environmental Protection and 
The Board of Directors is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance. The Board will review the corporate governance practices from time-to-time to ensure the alignment of interest and expectation from our shareholders, the investing public and other stakeholders.
During the year, the Board of Directors visited our plants and held in-depth discussions with the local senior management teams. We discussed strategy and portfolio development with particular attention to the evolving market dynamics in our operating markets. Professional development programmes for Directors were also conducted to keep them updated with the latest practices and requirements in legislation, regulation, corporate governance and business 
The Year Ahead We are taking progressive steps to deliver our 2020 vision.
We will continue to innovate and create value through producing more consumer-preferred products. While Hong Kong remains our core base, our Wuhan plant will help fuel our growth momentum in Mainland China. For the other overseas markets, we aim to further strengthen our foundation and market leading position. We will keep investing in employee engagement and capability enhancement to align with our business growth. We are committed to delivering sustainable long-term value for our 
Notes of Appreciation I would like to express our deep gratitude to our customers and business partners around the world for their trust, collaboration and commitment to excellence, which are essential to support our fulfillment of promise to consumers.
The growth of Vitasoy cannot be achieved without the hard work and dedication of our colleagues who have contributed to the Vitasoy Group throughout the year. Last but not least, we thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel and our long-term shareholders for their confidence in Vitasoy.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
25th June, 2015 