Chairman s Statement Despite a relatively difficult and volatile macroeconomic environment, we were able to strengthen our foothold and delivered solid results for FY20112012. Economic slowdown in major markets had a negative impact on consumer spending while competition among brands and across categories remained intense. Inflationary pressure and rising wages posed strong challenges to operating overheads. In spite of these challenges, all of our business operations recorded growth in top line sales, complemented by effective sales and marketing campaigns.
We strived to protect margins through cautious and effective pricing strategy and conscientious cost management. Our major capacity enhancement projects in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Australia have been conducted smoothly. We expect our substantial investment in enhancing capacity will help generate higher return for our shareholders in the long run.
For the year under review, the Group registered a steady growth of 12% in total turnover with profit from operations relatively maintaining at last year level. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$281 million, a drop of 1% versus prior year mainly due to the increased finance costs associated with the investment in enhancing production capacity.
The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK15.1 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 28th August, 2012. This, coupled with the interim dividend of HK3.2 cents per ordinary share, brings the Company s total dividend for FY20112012 to HK18.3 cents per ordinary share (20102011 total dividend: HK18.3 cents per ordinary share).
We not only expanded our businesses in a sustainable manner, but we also continued to contribute to the environment by adopting energy-saving measures and advanced waste treatments in our operations. The recovery of Okara (soya bean residue) project has been proven successful in our North American operation.
Our new plant in Foshan in Mainland China was designed with a strong environmentally care concept. We continued to upgrade our trucks and machineries with lower emission models and higher efficiency. Our initiatives to support the communities and protect the environment are listed in the Corporate Responsibility Report section of this Annual Report.
During the year, we adopt a prudent approach on growing our team. We run a company-wide staff caring program to promote physical fitness so that our staff can maintain a healthy work-life balance and deliver their best performance. We continue our succession planning process to ensure a steady stream of high- calibre managers for sound corporate development.

In the year ahead, the present uncertain economic conditions will continue and consumer spending may take time to recover.
The operating environment will only be more challenging with continuing cost inflation, a volatile employment environment and increasingly competitive market landscape. The Company will persevere by continuing with our focused business strategy and driving business growth through leveraging our capabilities in core 
FY20122013 will be an important growth phase for the future of the Company following the completion of our three major capacity expansion projects. We believe our business will continue to benefit from favourable global trends for healthy and on-the-go lifestyles. Building on our years of technical know-how and efforts in research, we are poised to benefit from the strong consumer trends for natural ingredients and plant sourced nutrition.
We will adhere to our uncompromising philosophy in quality standards. Our goal is to lead the growth in target categories and to strengthen our brand equity through product and promotional innovation. Meanwhile, we will follow the channel development trend to ensure that our brands are always available wherever our 
Vitasoy is committed to creating shareholder value, as we have always been. We achieve this by growing our shares in our key markets, pursuing sustainable growth, and driving for continuous improvement in efficiency and productivity. We remain optimistic and confident about achieving a sustainable growth in the long term, despite the challenges in protecting our short-term profit 
Notes of Appreciation Despite the various challenges in the FY20112012, we delivered solid performance in our various businesses, for which I would like to thank the Board of Directors for their counsel and 
On reaching the retirement age, Mr. Eric Fat YU resigned from the Board as Executive Director and from the Group as Senior Director, Manufacturing and Project Management with effect from 1st April, 2012. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank Mr.
YU for his loyalty and valuable contribution during an illustrious tenure of 38 years and to wish him all the best.
I also wish to thank our shareholders, customers and business partners for their continued support. Last but not least, I must extend my heartfelt appreciation to all my colleagues whose dedication, ingenuity and hard work have been and will remain crucial to the Company s continuing success.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
21st June, 2012 