a healthy lifestyle no matter where you are Chairman s Statement It gives me much pleasure to report that for the year ended 31st March, 2006, the Group recorded a profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of HK$172 million, up 42.1% from fiscal 20042005. Total turnover increased by 5.9% year-on-year to HK$2,520 million. The Group s gross profit for the year was HK$1,481 million, up 8.3%. Earnings per share were HK$0.172, compared to HK$0.122 recorded for the previous year.
The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK6.7 cents per share at the upcoming Annual General Meeting on 11th September, 2006. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per share, will mean that the Group s total dividend for fiscal 20052006 will be HK9.5 cents per share (20042005 total dividend: HK8.5 cents per share). On top of that, given the Group s business performance and strong cash position, the Board is recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per share (20042005 special dividend: HK10.0 cents per share). This marks the fourth consecutive year that a special dividend is Winston Yau-lai LO 
being paid, which speaks strongly for the Group s commitment and capabilities to deliver higher value to 
I am also glad to report that, with effect from 30th November, 2005, the Company has become a constituent stock of MSCI HK Small Cap Index.

The operating environment as a whole continued to improve in 2005, which was conducive to business growth and development. Taking advantage of the improved conditions in its major markets, the Group was able to implement its focused business strategies worldwide and achieve better financial results than the year before. In line with the economic performance and hence demand growth of our major markets, particularly Hong Kong, sales growth was stronger in the second half than the first half of the year. The Group s profitability also improved with the increase in sales and disciplined cost control. It should be noted that the Group s performance in Mainland China and Australia and New Zealand was particularly impressive during the year.
The Group was able to implement its focused business strategies worldwide and achieve better financial results than the 
We will achieve steady growth in both sales and profit by capitalising on our brand portfolio and investing in our 
In Hong Kong, the economy maintained its upward trend and registered a strong GDP growth of 7% in 2005. More importantly this growth was broad-based, resulting directly in the improvement of the job market and a general rise in household income. These positive trends have fuelled domestic consumption and therefore created a more buoyant retail sector. The non-alcoholic beverage sector also benefited to a certain extent. Profiting from the relatively positive market environment and continuing with our proactive and innovative approach in product development, marketing and brand building as well as process improvement, we were rewarded with higher sales. Sales in the Hong Kong market rose by 3.9%. Our export business conducted through Hong Kong also expanded steadily as a result of our market and product development efforts. Export sales were up by an encouraging 14.5% year-on-year. Our tuck shop and catering businesses run by Vitaland Services Limited and Hong Kong Gourmet Limited respectively also witnessed stable growth in turnover and have maintained high market shares.
The North American soyfood market experienced a mixed performance last year. While the water-packed tofu category continued to grow and gain popularity among consumers, the aseptic soymilk category kept declining in volume terms.
Vitasoy USA s rationalisation exercise was completed last year and we could move ahead full steam with business development. We have been actively repositioning our products towards healthy eating made delicious and convenient . At the same time, we succeeded in growing and reinforcing our market leadership in the water-packed tofu category. Total revenue dropped after the exit of some unprofitable products, but should these be excluded, our US revenue actually had a slight growth of nearly 2.0%. More importantly, in line with our expectation, operating loss narrowed further whereas gross profit margin improved.
The performance of our Mainland China operation was strong on the back of the healthy growth of the domestic economy.
By continuing to implement the focused strategy of core business, core brand and core competency , we succeeded in achieving more efficient product distribution with better outlet management, particularly in southern China. A very encouraging growth of 28.6% in revenue was recorded from domestic sales in the Mainland China market. Our brand building initiatives in this market were also bearing fruit with higher brand awareness and higher consumer off-take.
In terms of growth, the Group s operation in Australia and New Zealand was the star performer of fiscal 20052006.
Riding on its growth momentum since the previous year and driven by intense marketing efforts, our revenue and profit derived from these two markets soared by 37.2% and 160.0% respectively. In addition to boosting sales through innovative marketing and successful product launches, we also attained the goal of gaining market share. The sales performance and prospects of these markets have been so encouraging that we have already commenced an expansion programme for the Wodonga plant in order to meet the demand for both existing and new products.
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY Going forward, while we believe the operating environment as a whole should remain basically stable, we will not underestimate the impact of various uncertainties, including the rise in the prices of oil and raw materials, inflation, volatile interest rates and the general increase in staff remuneration.
All these will exert an upward pressure on operating costs.
We remain committed to maximising shareholder value and being customers preferred choice. To ensure higher value for our shareholders and consumers, we will continue to pursue a market-driven and customer-oriented strategy by focusing on brand building, product innovation, aggressive marketing and promotion as well as the exploration of new business opportunities as a means for generating higher revenue and profit. We will also maintain disciplined cost control by achieving higher cost-efficiency across the board, not least in production and distribution.

The prospects of the Hong Kong economy are expected to remain upbeat and unemployment should stay at a low level, though a certain degree of consolidation is likely after the boom in the recent past. There is some consensus in the market that the pace of GDP growth would slow down. At the same time, we should be mindful that inflation will be a challenge for cost management while there is still no sign that price competition in the non-alcoholic beverage market 
In the coming year, our focus in Hong Kong is on achieving steady growth in both sales and profit by capitalising on our brand portfolio and investing in further strengthening of our brands in order to capture a bigger market share. Our attention will be devoted to product and packaging innovation as well as marketing and promotion. We will continue to invest in innovative and effective advertising campaigns to drive sales and support the launching of new products. At the same time, in view of looming inflationary pressure, we will exercise prudent cost management on a continuous basis On the question of brand building, while we will continue to leverage the advantages inherent in our core brands, VITASOY and VITA, we will also take advantage of the potential already demonstrated by our new brands like CALCI-PLUS and VITA TSING SUM ZHAN. These new members of our brand portfolio are expected to grow and gain in popularity, especially among the younger generation of consumers.
The Group s tuck shops and meal box business still demonstrate good prospects for further growth. Our focus in the foreseeable future is to increase our share in these markets through quality assurance and service enhancement.

In North America, although the market for soy products is unlikely to show significant improvement in the near future, the demand for health products is on the rise as consumers are becoming increasingly attuned to the concept of healthy eating. The repositioning of Vitasoy USA is therefore most timely as it allows us to go up-market by offering value-added products that justify higher prices.
In the coming year, we will leverage our product innovation capabilities to drive the sales of Tofu and consolidate our market leadership in this category through new product launches. At the same time, we will adopt the product innovation approach as well as a flexible pricing strategy in respect of Aseptic Soymilk to stimulate growth. All these initiatives are to be supported by aggressive marketing and promotion campaigns which, though having an initial impact on net profit, are crucial for reinforcing our brands and ensuring long-term gains.
To ensure higher value for our shareholders and consumers, we will continue to pursue a market-driven and customer-oriented 
The Chinese economy is expected to continue with its upward trend in the foreseeable future. The general affluence of the urban population will still be the chief stimulant for the growth of domestic consumption.
The soymilk market in Mainland China is likely to remain soft due to the fierce challenge from the dairy milk segment that has been engaging in a nationwide price war in recent years.
The Chinese Government s policy of supporting rural development would, however, imply more opportunities for penetrating into the smaller cities and big towns. Our focus will be on capturing these new business opportunities by capitalising on our existing sales and marketing capabilities.
On the other hand, we will continue to profit from our success in the co-packing business to ensure better utilisation of our two production plants in Mainland China. We have already taken the first step forward to make use of the opportunities arising from CEPA (Closer Economic Partnership Arrangements) by starting to import some products from Hong Kong in the past few months. We will keep exploring such opportunities in the coming years.
Australia and New Zealand Given our successful marketing and pricing strategy as well as the encouraging results achieved last year, we are confident that Vitasoy Australia will sustain healthy growth in sales, profitability and market share in the coming year. In order to sustain the advantageous position we have built up in Australia and New Zealand, we will devote ourselves to reinforce the VITASOY s position as the soy expert by developing and launching new products in the value soy beverage area and also by introducing new flavours. As mentioned earlier, we have already started implementing an expansion plan in the Wodonga plant so as to equip ourselves properly for future growth.
We will devote ourselves to reinforce the VITASOY s position as the soy expert by developing and launching new products in the value soy beverage area.
In May, 2005, San Miguel Corporation, through its subsidiary in Australia, acquired the controlling interest in National Foods Limited, our joint-venture partner in Australia. The robust growth experienced by the Group in this market in fiscal 2005 2006 has demonstrated clearly that the said acquisition has had no negative impact at all on our Australian and New Zealand operation. We are optimistic that going forward, this situation is unlikely to change.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS Taking this opportunity, I would like to extend my thanks to Mr. Chi-kian SHIU, Independent Non-executive Director, who will retire as a Director at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting in September.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to welcome Mr. Jan P. S.
ERLUND, who joined as an Independent Non-executive Director with effect from 6th July, 2006. I am confident that the Board will benefit from Mr. Erlund s wealth of experience 
VOTE OF THANKS I must thank the Board of Directors for their continued guidance and support. I also wish to thank our shareholders and customers for their trust and loyalty. Last but not least, I wish to convey my heartfelt appreciation to our staff worldwide for their commitment and industry that are crucial for us as we move forward to excel ourselves and achieve 
Winston Yau-lai LO 
6th July, 2006 