Chairman's Statement
    I am pleased to report that for the year ended
31st March, 2007, the Group’s profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the Company was
HK$174 million, representing a moderate increase
of 1.2% year-on-year. Total turnover was HK$2,693
million, up 6.9%. The Group’s gross profit for
the year increased to HK$1,563 million, up 5.5%
from the previous year. Earnings per share were
HK$0.173. The Group’s earnings before interest,
taxation, depreciation and amortisation
expenses (EBITDA) stood at HK$344
million, up 3.3%, while EBITDA margin
was 12.8% of sales.

The Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of
HK6.7 cents per share at the Annual General Meeting on 6th
September, 2007. This, together with the interim dividend of
HK2.8 cents per share, will mean that the Group’s total
dividend for Fiscal 2006/2007 will be HK9.5 cents per share
(2005/2006: HK9.5 cents per share). In addition, the Board
is recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per share
(2005/2006: HK10.0 cents per share). It is the fifth consecutive
year that we are paying a special dividend. This decision of
the Board is in line with our commitment to create higher value
for shareholders. It also reflects our consistently healthy
financial status.

General Review
In the year under review, the operating environment in most of
the Group’s key markets remained basically positive. Despite
the various challenges that still existed, we forged ahead with
the implementation of our growth and development strategies
in these markets and achieved a better financial performance
as a whole. Our core strategy focused primarily on the
development and introduction of value added new products
that would appeal to a wider spectrum of consumers. To ensure
its success, we matched it with aggressive marketing and brand
building in markets worldwide. As a result, we saw remarkably
strong growth in the burgeoning markets of Mainland China,
Australia and New Zealand. In Hong Kong, we were able to
benefit from the prevailing economic upturn to maintain our
market leadership in core businesses while achieving steady
sales growth. In North America, however, because of adverse
market conditions which naturally hindered business growth
and product diversification, a slight drop in overall sales was
recorded together with the widening of the operating loss.
Hong Kong
In Hong Kong, the business environment was largely upbeat
in the past year. Domestic consumption was strong, driven by
improved employment and tourism. Investment sentiment was
bullish as evidenced by active stock trading while external trade
was boosted by growing demand from Mainland China and
the Asia Pacific region. The local non-carbonated beverage
market recorded a growth of over 5% in terms of sales and
the upward adjustment of beverage prices became possible
in certain areas.

We will  maintain our advantages  in
areas we excel in and further  enhance our
market positions  in various markets.

Last year we saw steady sales growth in Hong Kong and, more
importantly, we managed to maintain our operating margin,
despite an increase in costs. Total sales in the local market
increased by a healthy 3.8% in the full year, which was
primarily driven by the introduction of new products that drew
keen response from the market.
The Group’s tuck shop business in Hong Kong under Vitaland
Services Limited continued to perform well. By the end of Fiscal
2006/2007, the number of Vitaland tuck shops reached 303,
versus 292 a year ago, and we commanded a significant
market share in the school tuck shop business. The catering
business of our subsidiary, Hong Kong Gourmet Limited, also
sustained its growth trend as we continued to drive penetration
in the local market.
The Group’s exports from Hong Kong improved further. Export
sales grew by 5.7% year-on-year. Exports to Macau rose
considerably while sales in Singapore also increased after the
change of distributors.
North America
As already mentioned, the performance of the Group’s
operation in North America was hindered by an unfavourable
market environment. In 2006, total soy food sales in the US
shrank by 2% due mainly to declining tofu sales.
Sales revenue generated by the Group’s North American
operation decreased slightly by 0.2% in Fiscal 2006/2007.
While there was an increase in revenue coming from new
products as well as imported goods and pasta, the sales of
aseptic soymilk and tofu decreased. All in all, the operating
loss widened due mainly to the launching of two new product
lines, namely, refrigerated sauces and salad dressings, that
did not perform as satisfactorily as expected. In view of that,
these product lines were subsequently discontinued.

Mainland China
In Mainland China, the operating environment was conducive
as the nationwide economy continued to flourish. There has
been a growing tendency for consumers in the major cities to
be more health-and-quality conscious, which implies the
existence of an expanding market for pre-packed high-quality
beverages like those offered by the Vitasoy Group. Capitalising
on the Group’s unique market position and brand superiority
successfully built up in recent years, we forged ahead full
steam to implement the focused strategy of “core business,
core brand and core city” in the Mainland China market. We
also introduced a wider variety of products from Hong Kong
under Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA) to
meet the demand in Mainland China. The enthusiastic
response we received was one of the key factors that accounted
for sales growth in the Mainland China market.
The results we achieved in the Mainland China market in Fiscal
2006/2007 were outstanding. In the year under review, sales
revenue generated from the Mainland China’s domestic market
registered a hefty growth of 38.6% year-on-year.
Australia and New Zealand
The Australian and New Zealand markets continued to
increase in importance to the Group in terms of revenue and
profit contribution.
Leveraging our track record in product innovation, marketing,
pricing and branding, we succeeded in increasing our sales
revenue in Australia and New Zealand by over 20%. Operating
profit surged by a hefty 53.8%. These increases would have
been even more substantial were it not for the capacity
constraint we encountered in the first half of the year due to
higher-than-forecast demand. We responded to that by
immediately embarking on an expansion project in our
Wodonga plant, which was completed on schedule in
September 2006.

Our focus is  product innovation  and
development of high-growth products
through introduction of new flavours and
added value.

Outlook and Strategy
Looking ahead, we believe the operating environment will vary
from market to market. Our challenge will be to maintain our
advantages in areas we excel in and further enhance our
market positions in various markets. At the same time, we will
refine our business focus where necessary to ensure viability
and long-term development.
Hong Kong
The Hong Kong economy is expected to prosper and fuel
domestic consumption in general which should in turn benefit
the beverage sector. We are pleased to see that the market
demand for non-carbonated and healthier beverages has been
growing. Concurrently, consumers’ needs are becoming
increasingly sophisticated while competition in terms of
product innovation and pricing to meet such needs is also
intensifying. While inflation is not considered a major issue
for Hong Kong as a whole, we realise that we must manage
our operating costs proactively in view of fluctuating raw
material prices, higher staff-related expenses and, to some
extent, imported inflation from Mainland China.
To maintain and enhance profitability, our focus in Hong Kong
is product innovation and the development of high-growth
products such as tea and wellness drinks through the
introduction of new flavours and added value. Tofu, a new
category, has been added to our product portfolio in Hong
Kong in May this year under the VITASOY SAN SUI brand.
Uniquely positioned as an organic food item that is made from
organically grown beans, it has particular appeal for young to
middle-aged consumers who are more health-and-quality
conscious. This new product line comes with a variant with
scallop flavour which is also exclusive in the local market. In
addition, we will continue to grow our tuck shop and catering
business progressively by targeting more schools and
expanding into more outlets.

We will  increase our investment in
brand building  to further enhance
our market position and corporate image
as “the soy expert

North America
For North America, the operating environment is expected to
remain challenging in view of the market condition. The soy
food market, however, might expect to see only slight growth
this year.
Our goal in the coming months is to narrow the operating
loss substantially. We will achieve that through a three-
pronged strategy. Firstly, we will re-focus on core products
and core competencies to increase sales revenue. We will
reinforce the market position of NASOYA as a dominant tofu/
pasta brand. To drive tofu sales, we will put more resources
on the emerging growth channels such as food service and
club stores. Leveraging our heritage and product innovation,
we shall introduce more variants of seasonal soymilk and
develop private label programmes for tofu. We will also
enhance the image of VITASOY as a healthy beverage
innovator to grow the sales of aseptic soymilk. Secondly, we
will focus on the reduction of overheads with a view to
improving the cost base. Thirdly, given the strong market
positions established by our NASOYA and AZUMAYA product
lines in North America, we find that there is room for price
revision. This move, to be taken in July 2007, should allow
us to improve our operating results.
Mainland China
The fast-expanding Mainland China market is likely to maintain
its pace of growth. Greater affluence and health awareness
should create higher demand for quality products, including
functional beverages that carry the health and natural concept.
At the same time, the immense growth potential of this market
will inevitably attract more competitors. This could also
stimulate the demand growth and we are confident to benefit
from this healthy competition.
In the year ahead and beyond, we will continue with the
strategy of “core business, core brand and core city” in
Mainland China. Given our strong sales and profit-making
momentum, we will increase our investment in brand building
to further enhance our market position and corporate image
as “the soy expert”. We are in the process of rolling out more
CEPA products to drive sales in Mainland China. We have
enjoyed a remarkable track record in capturing the market of
Southern China through successful brand building and product
launches. We are aiming to capitalise on and replicate this
model of success in Eastern and Northern China, particularly
in Shanghai and the provinces of Jiangsu and Zhejiang. At
the same time, the Group’s co-packing business will continue
to play an important role in maximising the Mainland China
plants’ capacity utilisation.
Australia and New Zealand
Similarly, we will continue to envisage high growth in our
Australian and New Zealand markets. We are also aware that
competition, especially where pricing is concerned, is likely
to intensify. In the coming year, we aim to achieve healthy
growth in both sales and profit in these markets. Now that our
production capacity in Australia has been substantially
expanded, we are in a good position to re-focus on the
development and launching of new products. We will also drive
sales through more aggressive marketing and an effective
pricing strategy.
Vote of Thanks
In concluding, I wish to extend my gratitude to the Board of
Directors for their wise counsel and guidance as well as to
shareholders and customers for their trust and loyalty. I must
also express my deep appreciation to our employees
worldwide, whose contribution has been indispensable to the
Group’s continued success.
Winston Yau-lai LO
Executive Chairman
9th July, 2007

