CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that we have delivered yet another year of solid growth whilst improving our profitability. The Vitasoy Group recorded growth of +10% in sales and +13% in gross profit, thus not only growing stronger market share and building competitive positions in our core markets but also expanding the impact of our mission: to provide our core portfolio of high quality plant-based nutritious, tasty and sustainable products, to more and more communities we serve.
During the year, the Vitasoy Group achieved these results by staying focused on our long-term business vision, strategic choices and growth model based on diligence in Execution, Expansion and Innovation. We have also significantly strengthened our infrastructure and capability to sustain results via investments in manufacturing (new Wuhan plant), IT (new SAP system), organisational capability (enrolment in Vitasoy Success Drivers program and hiring of talent) and our sustainability strategy (new formulation of glide path and Key Performance Indicators for the next 10 years). Whilst the deteriorating economic environment has shown signs of increased volatility, there is an accelerating trend for healthy products and nutritious foods. We are determined to sustain our expansion by focusing on our core and ever improve the sustainability of our operations.
Strong results for FY20152016 Driven by strong execution, expansion and innovation, the Group s revenue increased +10% to HK$5,552 million.
Margin improvement was driven by favourable commodity prices and improved manufacturing efficiency. The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company (excluding recognition of deferred tax assets of certain subsidiaries in Mainland China and North America and transaction cost incurred during the year related to the divestiture of the Mainstream Business and SAN SUI Business in North America) grew by +24% to HK$460 
The Group maintained a healthy financial position at the end of FY20152016 due to improved margin and better cost control. The Board recommends a final dividend of HK26.5 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 2nd September, 2016. Together with the interim dividend of HK3.8 cents per ordinary share, this brings total dividend for FY20152016 to HK30.3 cents per ordinary share (FY20142015 total dividend: HK24.4 cents per ordinary 
Innovation in plant-based products Our focus on creating new products not only satisfies our consumer s changing demand, but also helps maintain our competitive position in all of the markets we operate in. In FY20152016, we created a new soy product line, VITASOY GO. It provides consumers with a convenient way to enjoy a 
We also enriched our soymilk range in Mainland China with the new VITASOY HEALTH PLUS which contains high protein, high calcium, low sugar and zero cholesterol. In Australia, we expanded our portfolio by including VITASOY Coconut Milk and Almond Milk to meet the upcoming trend of plant-based beverages.
Focusing on building core businesses In FY20152016, we invested in upgrading our manufacturing and processing capabilities at our plants.
We also finished construction of our production facility in Wuhan, Mainland China. The new Wuhan plant commenced operations in the first quarter of FY20162017. The excellent location of the Wuhan plant lowers transportation costs and facilitates improved customer services that support the increasing demand from Hubei province and the nearby provinces in Central China.
During the year, the Board conducted a strategic review of our North American operation and arrived at a strategic decision to divest the Mainstream Business and SAN SUI Business in North America. This will enable the Group to sharpen its focus and accelerate the growth of its core business in Hong Kong and Mainland China. The move will also support further expansion of the Group into new markets. In March 2016, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Pulmuone Foods Group, a leading food manufacturer in South Korea, for the disposal of certain assets in our North American operation at an estimated consideration of US$50 million (equivalent to approximately HK$387.5 million). The transaction was completed in the first quarter of FY20162017. It is expected to record an estimated gain of approximately US$19.8 million (equivalent to approximately HK$153.5 million) before relevant taxes.
We will reinvest the proceeds in projects which will enable us to continue building a stable and sustainable plant-based 
Producing products sustainably We aspire to build a portfolio of plant-based products that are compatible with a healthy lifestyle and establish strong relationships with the wider community. Plant-based products will become more important in the role of feeding the increasingly growing population in the coming decades.
Last year, we started to share our social and environmental efforts in the first Vitasoy Sustainability Report 20142015.
In FY20152016, we further evolved and consolidated our sustainability framework with a two-pronged approach Making the Right Products and Making Products the Right Way . We have a specific and detailed account of our sustainability approach, goals and glide path in the separate report that accompanies this Annual Report.

In spite of growing economic uncertainties, I am confident in the ever lasting impact of our strategy and execution. We are determined to develop our growth model which will continue to expand the Group s successful presence but also generate sustainable long-term returns for our shareholders. We are confident that we will continue our growth trajectory with our vision of promoting good quality of life and passion for 
Notes of appreciation Mr. Valiant Kin-piu Cheung, our Independent Non-executive Director, will retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and will not stand for re-election. Mr.
Cheung has brought a wealth of business and financial experience and expertise to the Board and notably, the Audit Committee, which he chaired during the past two years. He is also a member of Remuneration and Nomination Committee.
I wish to thank Mr. Cheung for his insights and guidance to the Board and Committees over the past six years.
I would like to extend my gratitude to the Board, the management team and our staff for their enthusiasm, commitment and diligence. My appreciation also goes to our shareholders, customers, suppliers and business partners for their ongoing trust and support.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
23rd June, 2016 