CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that, despite a highly volatile market environment, the Group continued to grow its net sales revenue and pre-provision net profit in the year of 31st March, 2009. Total net sales revenue increased by 15% to HK$2,783 million, versus HK$2,416 million for fiscal year of 20072008. Gross profit was HK$1,279 million, up 13% from HK$1,131 million for the preceding year. Before the one-off provision for leave pay entitlements of Hong Kong employees of HK$25 million for previous five-and-a-half years up to March 2008, profit attributable to shareholders of the Company increased by 13% to HK$238 million year-on-year. After taking into account this provision, profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased by 3% to HK$217 million. Earnings per share were HK21.4 cents. The Group s EBITDA was HK$406 million, up 4%, while EBITDA margin to net sales was 15%.
The Board of Directors of the Company is recommending a final dividend of HK9.0 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 3rd September, 2009. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2.8 cents per ordinary share, will mean that the Group s total dividend for fiscal year of 20082009 will be HK11.8 cents per ordinary share (20072008 total dividend: HK11.5 cents per ordinary share).
In addition, the Board is recommending a special dividend of HK10.0 cents per ordinary share (20072008 special dividend: HK10.0 cents per ordinary share). This is the seventh consecutive year that a special dividend is paid.

The operating environment for the business sector was extremely challenging in the past year. After a relatively strong first half despite extraordinarily high commodity prices, conditions deteriorated rapidly in the second half after the eruption of the global financial crisis, the devastating effects of which extended to nearly all quarters of the world s economy. Because of the ensuing economic slump, consumers confidence plummeted, which in turn had a particularly adverse impact on the retail sector. The acute problems of inflation and rising raw material costs that harassed nearly all businesses in the first half of the year subsided to some extent in the latter half alongside the economic downturn. Competition in all markets, however, remained intense.
Despite these challenges, the Group recorded positive sales growth in all its major markets by pursuing pragmatic business strategies.
We succeeded in leveraging our product development capabilities to roll out a host of new products with healthy features. Through effective channel development, we reinforced our presence in all major markets. By focusing on core competencies and core products, we were able to drive sales growth and improve profitability. Meanwhile, we continued to invest in building and rejuvenating our core brands in order to solidify our market position, expand our market presence and ensure customers loyalty to our brands. It goes without saying that, as always, all these pursuits were aptly supported by our strong and innovative marketing and 
HONG KONG AND MACAU After a vigorous first half, Hong Kong s economic growth lost much of its steam in the second half following the outbreak of the global financial crisis. Investment in business, stocks and property declined while unemployment began to rise and GDP growth turned to negative, though inflationary pressure abated somewhat. As a result, consumers became less confident in spending. For the non-alcoholic beverage sector, sales were subdued by the unusually rainy and stormy weather conditions last summer as well as the market confusion caused by the melamine related issue that came to light in September 2008.
However, in spite of all these formidable challenges, our Hong Kong and Macau operations continued to record a steady growth of 7% in net sales revenue to HK$1,457 million. This was made possible by our strenuous effort in product innovation, package revamping and also the expansion of distribution channels.
The Group s tuck shop business and catering business recorded a healthy contribution growth.
The Hong Kong operation s export business improved further during the year, growing by 9% in value terms over the previous year.
In response to the industrial action of delivery workers in July 2008, we took immediate steps to communicate with workers concerned and a mutually agreeable solution was quickly arrived at with minimal disruption to operation. Meanwhile, with a view to promoting constructive dialogue with employees on a regular basis, our internal communication mechanism has been stepped up.

The Chinese economy grew at a slower pace in the second half of the year amid the global economic downturn but the consumption of soymilk continued to increase as the concept of healthy dieting commanded a larger following in Mainland China. The outbreak of the melamine related issue in September 2008 also prompted more consumers to go for soymilk as an alternative to dairy milk.
The operating environment in Mainland China remained conducive to the execution of our Core Business, Core Brand and Core City strategy. We maintained our leading position particularly in Southern China. Net sales surged strongly by 56% to HK$564 million, which was attributable to our aggressive marketing campaign, appropriate pricing strategy and expansion of distribution channels. We also continued with proactive consumer education to promote soy benefits and drive sales. On the product development front, we pursued a strategy catering to local needs by launching locally developed and produced products during the year. These innovative efforts have proven to be very rewarding in the past year.
AUSTRALIA AND NEW ZEALAND The Australian soymilk and rice milk markets returned to growth during the year under review. The growing consumer preference for healthy products drove the volume growth of the market whereas price increases from all manufacturers drove the value growth ahead of volume. The New Zealand grocery soymilk and rice milk markets also experienced steady growth.
In the year under review we pursued an aggressive business expansion programme to increase sales growth and market share.
In original currency of Australian Dollar (hence removing currency impact), a robust growth of 13% was recorded in net sales revenue, which could be attributed to the strength of the VITASOY brand, the premium quality of our products and our diverse product 
The same currency translation impact caused by the depreciation of Australian Dollar and the increase in certain expenses payable to the respective joint venture shareholder during the year attributed to decrease in operating profit.

Capitalising on its momentum generated in the preceding year and focusing on profitable and fast-growing products, Vitasoy USA grew its net sales revenue by 2% to HK$416 million. From a product perspective, we grew our tofu sales and pastawrap sales by 11% and 29% respectively, though the sale of aseptic soymilk continued to drop due to lower demand. Apart from sustaining positive sales growth, Vitasoy USA also achieved the goal of further narrowing its operating loss through effective cost control. In the last quarter of 2008, it was decided that Vitasoy USA should exit the business of aseptic soymilk due to its continuing losses. All write-offs had been provided for and included in the operating loss already.

Similar to other markets, Singapore was experiencing an economic downturn. However, the consumption of tofu posted a strong yearly growth of nearly 28% in the supermarket channel. By conducting aggressive promotional activities among its key accounts, Unicurd Food Co. (Private) Limited ( Unicurd ), a subsidiary acquired on 2nd April, 2008, became the major growth driver in this channel.
Unicurd s product strategy was to have a sharper focus on core products that were popular and profitable. Through better product portfolio management and improved services, we grew our net sales revenue by 26% in the year under review.
Unicurd s export business also performed well. Exports to Europe, New Zealand, South Africa, Dubai and other parts of Asia increased by a total of 17% year-on-year.
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGY We expect the overall operating environment in the coming year to remain equally if not more challenging than the past year. The ramifications of the global financial crisis are expected to be more lasting and far-reaching than already witnessed. The effectiveness of the interventionist measures taken by major governments across the world to salvage their economies is still to be seen, but an early revival seems unlikely. The non-alcoholic beverage sector in general is still subject to weak retail spending and severe competition. At the same time there is a swing away from out of home consumption to in home. On the positive side, the prices of raw materials are showing some relief from their record highs in last year and the consumption of soy-based products has been on the rise with consumers receptivity. At the same time, mass alertness to the safety of dairy milk awakened by the melamine incident last year means that soymilk has become a popular alternative for consumers.
For the Group, given our position as the soy expert and our premium quality status, we believe there will still be opportunities to grow and expand despite the challenges. We will therefore continue to pursue a growth strategy in all our major markets. To better equip ourselves, we will continue to enhance our manufacturing capacity, especially in Hong Kong, Mainland China, Australia and Singapore, in the coming years.
In Hong Kong we will capitalise on our product innovation capabilities to drive sales growth and market expansion. Special emphasis will be given to expanding the core range of products, including VITASOY Soymilk, VITA Lemon Tea range, and VITA Distilled Water. In the coming year, we will embark on a major capital investment project to strengthen our manufacturing capacity by installing new high- speed packaging and filling machines to replace existing ones. This will ensure that our efficiency is to be enhanced substantially. As regards our tuck shop business, our main focus is on enhancing the utilisation of assets and improving our services and competitiveness during the new school tendering process. We will take a pragmatic approach in growing the number of tuck shops and lunch boxes supplied by us. We will also initiate technological improvement at the tuck shops and lunch box and catering operations to enhance operational efficiency.
In Mainland China, given its solid foundations and the Government s proactive support, the economy is expected to keep growing though at a relatively slower pace after years of speedy growth. We are hopeful that the retail market will remain quite vibrant. In the coming year, we will go on with our Core Business, Core Brand and Core City business strategy to drive the growth of sales and market share. We will further strengthen our presence in the existing cities by deepening our penetration into existing distribution channels and exploring new ones. The greater concern among consumers over food safety means that the Group s premium brand and quality will have an edge in this competitive market. We will therefore actively promote the soy benefits and the VITASOY brand and re-position it as an alternative to dairy milk.
The Australian economy, like the rest of the world, faces many uncertainties. While the soymilk and rice milk markets are returning to growth, the slower spending arising from diminishing household income cannot be underestimated. Given our well-established position in these markets, our growth strategy in the coming months will focus on maintaining our premium quality and premium pricing supported at the same time by package innovation and new products. More aggressive and targeted promotion and marketing will be undertaken to drive category growth.
In North America, given Vitasoy USA s trend in profit improvement in the last two years, it will continue its focus on core competencies.
In terms of product offerings, through continued product and package innovation, the NASOYA and AZUMAYA tofu and pasta businesses as well as Asian beverage will have new additions to their portfolios. Product development will centre on the growing tofu as well as wrap and pasta categories. Growth will also be driven by the expansion of distribution channels, including club stores and food service. In view of the shrinkage of the aseptic soymilk market in the US, we had exited our soymilk business such that we can focus more attention on more profitable areas.
The Singaporean economy is going through a recession. After a particularly strong year in 2008, the growth of tofu consumption is expected to slow down in certain channels in 2009. Our business focus in the coming year is to drive growth in customer base through product innovation and brand building. We will also enhance our customer service and expand our customer base in the restaurant, wholesale and wet market channels.

It was a tough year for the industry as a whole but I am reassured by the Group s solid operating performance. We owe it to the counsel and guidance of the Board of Directors and the loyal support of our shareholders, customers and business partners alike. Of equal importance is, of course, the commitment and hard work of my colleagues worldwide, to whom I must extend my heartfelt thanks.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
29th June, 2009 