Chairman s Statement In the year under review, we forged ahead in our business with strong execution focusing on key products and core brands. We introduced nutritional products to appeal to consumer needs. We have invested more to build brands, innovation capability and manufacturing capacity. These will ensure our business to grow and meet the strong demand under the current global trend for sustainable and healthy lifestyles.
Accelerating Brand Leadership For the year ended 31st March, 2014, the Group s total net sales revenue increased 11% to HK$4,494 million, versus HK$4,051 million in FY20122013. Growth was broad based across all operating markets and core 
In Hong Kong, we maintained our market leadership in Soy and Tea segments while achieving a respectable profit growth. We saw strong growth in Mainland China stemming from consistent execution of our Go Deep Go Wide strategy. In Australia and New Zealand, we have enlarged our share in the Soy category. We have turned around in North America while our brands led the national tofu category. In Singapore, we became the market leader in modern channels, ahead of their 
Despite the rising cost in raw materials, the Group was successful in sustaining its gross margin at 48%, same as last year, through price adjustments and enhanced manufacturing efficiency. Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased only 2% year-on-year to HK$307 million resulting from the increase in income tax associated with higher earnings and one-off tax incentive obtained in Australia and Singapore last year not being repeated in this year.
The financial position of the Group is healthy and the Board of Directors recommends a final dividend of HK17.0 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 4th September, 2014. Together with the interim dividend of HK3.2 cents per ordinary share, this brings total dividend for FY20132014 to HK20.2 cents per ordinary share (FY20122013 total dividend: HK19.8 cents per ordinary share).
Commitment to Quality and Innovation Consumers are changing their habits, preferences and consumption patterns with intensified focus on health and wellness. We are committed to keeping pace with the needs of our consumers and creating value added products for them. Innovation remains our primary driver of growth. Building on our tradition in providing affordable nutrition to the masses, we are poised to benefit from increasing consumer demand for natural ingredients and plant-based nutrition. We will adhere to our uncompromising philosophy in quality standard with food safety being the paramount in our mind.
Building a Strong Team Over the years, it is the passion, resilience and talent of our staff that have made our progress possible. During the year under review, we conducted an Employee Engagement Survey in Hong Kong and Mainland China with enthusiastic response rates from our staff. Our colleagues have a high regard for the Company and culture.
To nurture and grow our colleagues, enabling them to lead the Company into the future, we have embarked on a Talent Management and Succession Planning Program since 2009. We had a total of eight new Management Trainees from Hong Kong and Mainland China joining the Company last year for a comprehensive job attachment across different departments to equip them for future supervisory positions. We also launched the first Technical Trainee Program in Hong Kong in 2013 to develop an internal pool of technical specialists in food and beverage manufacturing operations.
Growing Business Sustainably We are committed to sustainability. It is our policy to purchase certified organic or non-genetically modified (non-GM) soybeans in every market where we operate.
We currently have contract farming operations in Mainland China to supply us quality non-GM and organic soybeans. We will continue to identify appropriate new sources of supply and look for means to support farmers livelihoods by building long-term relationship that assure demand, promote knowledge sharing and encourage appropriate investment for a sustainable supply.
In addition, we seek to reduce the environmental impact of our operations with a focus on conserving and using renewable resources as well as finding innovative ways to recycle or reuse energy from our operations. We will continue to upgrade our machinery to improve the line efficiency and launch energy saving programs, such as heat recycling and recovery system, to help reduce the consumptions and to conserve resources in our plants.
We also actively engage in the communities in which we operate and help promote healthy lifestyle. Throughout the year, we have participated in over 110 community events such as famine camps in Hong Kong and Malaysia, and donated VITASOY products to charitable organisations including food banks to help alleviate hunger and poverty worldwide.
The Year Ahead It is our determination to continue to grow the Group s profitability and build shareholder value over the long term. The outlook for the global macroeconomic growth remains mixed. Commodity price increases will continue to bring challenges to our cost structure. Meanwhile, there is a strong and growing environmental consciousness around the world on water consumption, waste disposal and energy usage. More consumers are strong advocates of health needs and their voices are easily heard via different channels such as the social media.
The combination of these shifts requires us to continually assess our operations. Nevertheless, the demand for good-for-you products presents us with category growth opportunities. Our brands are trusted in every market where we operate. With an unwavering commitment to our fundamentals of QUALITY, INNOVATION, INFRASTRUCTURE and PEOPLE, we are confident that we can be more responsive in mastering the complexities of our operating environment and outperform the market.
Notes of Appreciation Our people are our strength and I would like to thank everyone at Vitasoy for their dedication and hard work during the year. March 2014 marked the 20th anniversary of our listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. On behalf of the Board of Directors, we wish to thank our shareholders for their trust in our Company.
Mr. Iain F. Bruce, our Independent Non-executive Director, will retire by rotation at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and will not stand for re-election. Mr. Bruce has brought a wealth of business and financial experience and expertise to the Board and notably, the Audit and Corporate Governance Committee which he chaired during his time on the Board. On behalf of the Board, I wish to thank Mr. Bruce for his invaluable contribution of insights and guidance to the Board and its Committees over the past twelve years.
We welcome Mr. Roberto Guidetti who joined the Board as Executive Director on 1st April, 2014. I would also like to thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel, and our customers and business partners for their unfailing support in the past year.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
30th June, 2014 