Chairman’s Statement
Despite the challenging economic environment,
the Vitasoy Group delivered another year of steady
performance in FY2016/2017.
Due to the divestiture of the North American Mainstream and SAN
SUI Business (the “North American divestiture”), the Group registered
a sales decrease of 3% (flat on a constant currency basis). Excluding
the impact of the North American divestiture, revenue increased by
6% year-on-year to HK$5,360 million, and 8% on a constant currency
basis. Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
increased by 16% to HK$618 million, mainly due to the gain from the
North American divestiture. Net of the impact of the North American
divestiture, the underlying profit attributable to equity shareholders
of the Company grew by 2%.
In view of the Group’s business growth and healthy financial
position, the Board will recommend a final dividend of HK27.1 cents
per ordinary share and a special dividend of HK4.2 cents per ordinary
share at the Annual General Meeting to be held on 6th September
2017. Together with the interim dividend of HK3.8 cents per ordinary
share, this brings the total dividend for FY2016/2017 to HK35.1 cents
per ordinary share (FY2015/2016 total dividend: HK30.3 cents per
ordinary share).
Delivering Sustainable Growth
The business performance of FY2016/2017 reflects the execution of a
steady “Sustainable Growth” strategy, which has weathered volatile
market conditions in our core markets as well as rising competitive
pressure to deliver measurable gains. The Group will continue to
adhere to this proven strategy, supplemented by significant capital
investments made in recent years, to deliver long-term value for our
shareholders, business partners and key stakeholders.
Steady Performance Across Markets
Mainland China remained the largest contributor to the Group’s
revenue at 49%. During FY2016/2017, sales revenue grew by 11% to
HK$2,666 million. Adjusting for currency fluctuations by reporting in
RMB, sales grew by 17%.
On a comparable basis, the Hong Kong sales remained flat and a
slight drop of 1% in operating profit was recorded. After re-clustering
the post-divestiture North American business under Hong Kong,
revenue increased by 5% to HK$2,168 million. Focusing on growing
our main VITASOY franchise, we augmented our presence through
increased distribution channels and new innovative products.
Australia and New Zealand delivered a satisfactory result with
revenue up 12% to HK$472 million. With a solid core business and
a disciplined, well-tailored commercial strategy, we have improved
in-store execution, promotion strategy, distribution and our product
range to enhance our market leadership in Australia.
The past year was a year of transition for the Singapore business, with
sales slowing by 5% to HK$100.4 million as we changed to another
import distributor for ambient beverages. Part of this decline was
due to a planned decrease in inventories as we switched to the new
distributor.
Expansion into the Philippines
The Group has formed a joint venture with Universal Robina
Corporation in the Philippines to sell soya milk. Our joint venture
partner is well connected in the market, and brings established
distribution capabilities to the new venture. We look forward to
bringing Vitasoy’s high quality plant based nutrition to the healthconscious
consumers in the Philippines.
Focus on Sustainability
After publishing our first Sustainability Report two years ago, we
have since re-articulated our sustainable plant-based nutrition vision,
identified specific areas of action in our product portfolio and our
operations, and set measurable key performance indicators through
2025. With sustainability firmly integrated into the Group’s corporate
positioning, our third Sustainability Report, to be published in July
2017, describes our continual progress towards making the right
products and making products the right way.
The Year Ahead
Going forward, Vitasoy will continue to focus on implementation and
execution of our Sustainable Growth strategy. We are committed to
investing in the long-term development of the business, and will
maintain efforts to expand our operations and generate solid returns
for our investors. Although the current and foreseeable market
conditions remain challenging, the Group is well positioned to
deliver disciplined growth and sustainable success.
Appreciation and Welcome
On behalf of the Board, I would like to welcome Mr. Paul Jeremy
BROUGH, who joined us as an Independent Non-executive Director
on 3rd September 2016. Mr. Brough brings a rich background of
business and financial expertise to the Board, and has served as
chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration
and Nomination Committee since his appointment. I also wish to
take this opportunity to welcome Dr. Roy Chi-ping CHUNG, Mr. Peter
Tak-shing LO and Ms. May LO, who will join the Board on 24th June
2017. Our new board members bring valuable financial, business and
technical expertise, knowledge and experience to Vitasoy Group as
we move forward in achieving innovation, sustainability and growth.
I wish to extend my sincere thanks to the Board, the management
team and our staff for their tireless dedication, enthusiasm and
commitment; as well as our shareholders, customers, suppliers and
business partners for their continued support.
Winston Yau-lai LO
Executive Chairman
23rd June 2017