Winston Yau-lai LO 
Fiscal year of 20102011 was a challenging but exciting year. Despite the volatile and highly competitive global macroeconomic environment, we succeeded in growing our business and earnings and maintaining our leadership in various 
Our financial results continued to improve in the year ended 31st March, 2011. Net sales revenue grew by 11% year-on- year to HK$3,329 million. Gross profit increased by 10% to HK$1,651 million. We were able to maintain our gross profit margin at 50% by improving our manufacturing efficiency through volume growth, implementing an effective pricing strategy and exercising prudent cost management amid inflationary pressure in all markets.
Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$284 million, representing an increase of 9%. Earnings per share were HK27.9 cents, up 9%. The Group s EBITDA was HK$537 million, up 11%, while EBITDA margin to net sales was maintained at 16%.
In view of the Group s business growth and solid financial position, the Board of Directors is recommending a final dividend of HK15.1 cents per ordinary share at the Annual General Meeting on 1st September, 2011. This, coupled with the interim dividend of HK3.2 cents per ordinary share, means that the Company s total dividend for the 20102011 fiscal year will be HK18.3 cents per ordinary share (20092010 total dividend: HK16.6 cents per ordinary share). The increment is in line with the growth in our Group s turnover and profit.
In view of our investment in production capacity for future growth, the Board is recommending maintaining the cash position and no special dividend will be declared for Fiscal 20102011 (20092010 special dividend: HK10.0 cents per 
We recorded sales growth in almost every operating market in the year under review despite various challenges. The demand in some markets, including Hong Kong, was sluggish. Sales in major distribution channels like supermarkets failed to keep pace with the overall growth of retail sales. Meanwhile, the costs of raw materials, labour and fuel as well as other overheads had been trending upward throughout the year, thus putting severe pressure on the industry s profit margin.
During the year, our strategic focus was to grow sales and market share in all major markets while implementing capacity expansion plans in places where we foresee continuous growth in demand. We recorded impressive sales volume growth in both Mainland China and Australia and New Zealand. By strengthening our brand equity through promotional initiatives, our Hong Kong business outperformed the local industry as a whole. In Mainland China, the Core Business, Core Brand and Core City strategy continued to help us improve our top-line growth and expand our market share. We are the leading brand in packaged soymilk in both southern and eastern China. In Australia and New Zealand, the VITASOY brand is now the market leader in the milk alternative category. Our North American operation maintained its growth momentum and profitable position under a focused business strategy. In Singapore, the business performance of Unicurd Food Co. (Private) Limited ( Unicurd ), our wholly-owned tofu manufacturing subsidiary, was affected by the tough operating environment.
While driving business growth and development, we kept on investing and expanding our production capacity to cater for the increase in demand for our products worldwide. We are in the process of building a new plant in Nanhai, Mainland China and expanding our existing production facilities in Hong Kong 
As regards human capital, we continued to focus on people development through various training activities, including the Talent Management Scheme. These programmes are an integral part of our management development and succession plans for us to operate in the ever-changing and challenging business environment in order to achieve long-term business growth.
As part of our corporate policy to do our part to protect the environment, in 2010 we have taken critical evaluation in all our business operations. We have begun replacing equipment with modern facilities to conserve energy in our manufacturing facilities in Hong Kong, Australia, Shenzhen and Nanhai of Mainland China in the areas of engineering services and manufacturing. We continued to substitute delivery trucks with low emissions models as part of the ongoing program in Hong Kong and Singapore. We have taken major and smaller initiatives to conserve water and energy consumption on existing machinery as well as the designs for the new plants, and ongoing studies in the US 
I am pleased to share under the Corporate Social Responsibility section of this Annual Report the concrete steps that we have taken so far, in support of the communities that we operate in protecting the environment but I am fully aware at the same time that there is still a lot of room for further improvement in the 
Looking forward, we expect Fiscal 20112012 to be another tough but rewarding year. Although the general economic condition, especially in Asia, seems to be improving, the growth of the non-alcoholic beverage sector as a whole is far from certain. Besides, major challenges arise from the escalating operating costs as well as intensifying competition are likely to prevail as before. However, given our strong foundations and the various initiatives we are taking to further reinforce our leading position in our major markets, we are confident that our effort will be duly rewarded.
Amid the many challenges, we will continue to drive growth by leveraging our existing capabilities while investing in four core areas, namely, brand equity, production capacity, product and packaging innovation as well as human capital development.
We will also remain highly prudent in cost management to ensure higher cost-effectiveness and maintain our profitability.
In Hong Kong, our aim is to safeguard our stable profit position, maintain our market leadership and outperform the industry primarily by further reinforcing our brand equity as well as enhancing our range of products and packages. The rejuvenation of our production capability will help expand our capacity and grow our sales. Mainland China will continue to be our growth engine. We will focus on driving organic growth and expanding our market presence under our proven business strategy. Our third plant in Mainland China scheduled for commissioning in Fiscal 20112012 will definitely allow us to reinforce our leading position in the affluent southern China market. In Australia and New Zealand, we will continue to drive category penetration, expand market share and maintain premium position to enhance our profitability. With the completion of the project to double the production capacity of the Wodonga plant later in the year, we will be well- poised to further increase our sales and enlarge our market share. In North America, we are aiming to grow on our profit foundation and fuel growth momentum through capitalising on our dominant market positions in both Tofu and Asian Pasta categories. In Singapore, we will expand our channels and seek to take advantage of the UNICURD brand to explore and further penetrate other ASEAN markets.
Notes of Appreciation Despite the challenges we faced, we have achieved solid business results and significant progress in strengthening our position for future growth, for which I must thank the Board of Directors for their wise counsel and our shareholders, customers and business partners for their unwavering trust and support. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to welcome Mr. Valiant Kin-piu CHEUNG who joined us on 1st September, 2010 as our Independent Non-executive Director. My heartfelt thanks also go to my colleagues worldwide for their commitment and hard work on which our continuing success depends.
Winston Yau-lai LO 
14th June, 2011 