Chairman s Statement 
The year 2007 saw Shanghai Industrial achieving remarkable breakthrough.
The Group s fi nancial results reached new heights in 2007. Consolidated turnover increased 16.1% to HK$7,954 million. Profi t attributable to shareholders rose 59.6% to HK$2,007 million.
As at 31st December 2007, the Group s total assets and net assets increased 70.8% and 29.6% to HK$40,400 million and HK$22,694 million respectively compared to the beginning of the year.
Achieving breakthroughs in business transformation and record high results During the year, the Group s core business segments achieved promising results. For the real estate segment, the acquisition of controlling interests in Shanghai Urban Development was completed at the end of 2007. The segment s operating results will be consolidated into the accounts of the Company in 2008. The infrastructure facilities segment contributed a net profit of HK$355 million to the Group in 2007. Excluding gain on disposal of interests in Pudong Container and the dividend entitlement therefrom in the previous year, the segment s profit increased 6.6% over last year.
The medicine segment contributed a net profit of HK$175 million to the Group. After deducting exceptional item in the previous year, profit for the segment increased 7.3%. The consumer products segment recorded significant growth during the year, contributing a profit of HK$966 million to the Group. Excluding the exceptional item last year, profit for the segment rose remarkably by 62.5%.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK43 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK37 cents per share paid during 2007, total dividends for the year amounted to HK80 cents (2006: HK52 cents) . The dividend payout ratio is 40.4%.
During the year under review, the Group has capitalised on the rare opportunities in the local and the PRC capital markets as well as in the strategic restructuring of state-owned assets. While strengthening its capital operating efforts, the Group devoted its resources to procuring major acquisitions and performing business transformation. The outcomes were remarkable.
Setting a platform for real estate business through acquisition of Shanghai Urban Development The Group achieved major breakthroughs in the participation of the restructuring of state-owned real estate resources in Shanghai. The acquisition of a 59% interest in Shanghai Urban Development at a consideration of HK$3,860 million was completed during 2007, marking the Group s foray into the participation of state-owned capital assets restructuring.
Shanghai Urban Development and its subsidiaries have a collective land reserve of about 2 million square meters of gross floor area for development, comprising major commercial and residential development projects in Shanghai, Kunshan, Changsha and Hefei. Among these projects is Urban Cradle , the largest real estate development project within the central line district in Shanghai with a site area of approximately 94.3 hectares and a total gross floor area of about 897,966 square meters. Located at the core district of the Xujiahui business zone on a site area of 13.2 hectares and planned total gross floor area of about 629,000 square meters, Xujiahui Centre has been earmarked as an international 
Integrating Shanghai Urban Development's strengths in team operation, branding and real estates development with our edge in funding, capital operation and commercialization, the Group is using the company as a springboard for its real estate development, spearheading growth for its real estates segment.
Reinforcing capital operation on enlarged capital base In July 2007, the Company announced the placing of 96,900,000 new shares of the Company by way of a top-up placing, which represents approximately 9.08% of the then enlarged issued shares capital of the Company. The placement raised HK$3,023 million which is intended to be used for major acquisition projects under consideration.
In May 2007, SI Pharmaceutical announced the placing of 107,220,000 new shares and the total amount raised will be not less than RMB1,515 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,619 million). The proceeds will be used to finance the acquisition of five Chinese medicine projects, including Hangzhou Qingchunbao and Huqingyutang Pharmaceutical from the Company. The share placement proposal is actively being pursued. Through the transaction, SI Pharmaceutical is expected to become one of the few listed comprehensive pharmaceutical companies in the PRC and its products will cover chemical medicine, biomedicine, medical products, Chinese medicine and health food, etc.
Substaining further growth through orderly divesting of non-core business The Company announced the disposal of its non- controlling equity interests in Huizhong Automotive, Wanzhong Automotive and SIIC Transportation Electric in June 2007 for a total consideration of RMB1,605 million and totally withdrew from automobiles and parts business after that. The disposals provided an exit opportunity for the Company to direct its resources to other core business projects. The examining and approval procedures for the transaction were completed in the first half of 2007, resulting in an extraordinary gain of HK$155 million for the Group.
In October 2007, the Group announced the acquisition of a 10.005% interest in Bright Dairy from Danone Group for a total consideration of RMB477,425,383. The transaction was approved by relevant government departments in March 2008. Following the acquisition, the Group s shareholdings in Bright Dairy increased from 25.171% to 35.176% and its position as one of the two largest shareholders with the same percentage shareholding in Bright Dairy was maintained.
This will enable the Group to be more flexible when considering future strategic moves.

Seizing opportunities for major breakthroughs With an uncertain economic environment in 2008, the global financial markets are expected to remain volatile. The Group will thoroughly study the impacts brought about by changes in both the domestic and foreign markets and enhance the growth and competitiveness of its core businesses based on its established strategy of Seizing opportunities for major breakthroughs . The Group will also actively participate in the strategic restructuring of state-owned assets in Shanghai, step up its business development efforts, and exercise greater investment risk control so as to create an earnings structure with sustainable growth and better returns for our Shareholders.
On the real estate business, while capitalizing on its unique position with Shanghai background and the resources of its controlling shareholder, the Group will count on the extensive experience of the management in Shanghai s real estates market for the coming years. The Group will also participate in the strategic restructuring of state-owned real estate assets in Shanghai and increase land bank and premier properties in Shanghai and other cities in major provinces with an aim to enhance its overall profitability.
To further expand its toll road business, the Group will actively pursue projects with excellent earnings prospects by expanding toll road operations in Shanghai and other fast-growing provinces. The Group will devote more efforts in its water services projects so as to maximize economies of scale. Endeavours will be made to improve the vehicle s capital 
As to the medicine business, the Group will quicken its pace in finalizing the establishment of SI Pharmaceutical as a unified investment platform, and continue to adopt Chinese medicine and biomedicine as its principal development directions. Efforts will be devoted to consolidate our distribution network in the PRC, encourage new drug research and development and international cooperation.
On the consumer products business, the Group will focus its efforts in enhancing operational efficiency and profitability and will also leverage on its strong brand position to ensure steady profit contribution and cash flow from an enlarged 
With stable development in our business segments, the Company will enter a new and encouraging phase of growth.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our Shareholders, financial institutions and business partners for their unswerving support and continued patronage in these years, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their total dedication and contributions in the development of the Group.
Cai Lai Xing 
