CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Remarkable efficiency from core businesses brings brilliant profit contribution to the Group I am pleased to report to our shareholders our results for 2011.
During the year, the Group continued to focus on its core businesses against difficult market conditions and stringent government policies locally and abroad. By making further efforts to strengthen business management, improve operational efficiency and consolidate internal control, the Group achieved continued growth for its different business segments, including infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products. The Group has also laid a solid foundation for its long-term development through actively promoting the integration and upgrading of its businesses and assets, and creating a favorable investment and financing platform for its real estate and water 
For the year ended 31 December 2011, the Group realized profits attributable to shareholders of HK$4,088 million, representing an increase of 37.3% over last year, after excluding disposal gain and profit contributions from the disposal of the medicine business during 2010. Total revenue for the year was HK$14,969 million, representing an increase of 3.7%.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK58 cents per share for 2011. Together with the interim dividend of HK50 cents per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK108 cents 
The Group s three core businesses continued to maintain their momentum with steady growth achieved during the year. Among those, the toll roads segment generated a strong cash flow and the water services business achieved rapid growth. Infrastructure facilities recorded earnings of HK$939 million, representing an increase of 14.3% over 
Benefitting from the disposal of its equity interests in lot F of the Qingpu land in Shanghai and the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai, the real estate business recorded a significant increase in earnings for the year of 31.5%. SI Urban Development has made considerable efforts to improve its debt-equity ratio and strengthen its internal management and operational capabilities following the acquisition of its interest by the Group in mid 2010. Apart from this, the company s loss for the year declined significantly following the injection into it of a 59% equity interest in Shanghai Urban Development.
The consumer products business continued to grow steadily of which Nanyang Tobacco recorded a net profit of HK$610 million, an increase of 15.0%; Wing Fat Printing recorded a disposal gain of HK$162 million through the disposal of a 78.13% equity interest in Hebei Yongxin Paper in May 2011 and reported a net profit for the year of HK$320 million, representing a significant increase of 106%.
Continued growth achieved for toll roads and rapid expansion recorded for water assets During the year, the Group s three quality highway assets continued to deliver steady cash flows and maintain continued growth. Increases were recorded in both toll revenue and traffic flow, driven by an increase in the total number of private cars and the number of shopping venues and tourist attractions nearby. Meanwhile, the operation and management of the respective highways were improved and better road maintenance and monitoring were introduced to ensure smooth traffic flow and enhance operational efficiency. Capitalizing on such opportunities, the Group will continue to expand the scale of its investments in the toll roads business in order to strengthen the profitability of its core businesses.
The scale of the Group s water assets has also expanded rapidly. During the year, the entire equity interests in United Environment were injected into Asia Water by the Group pursuant to a strategic cooperation framework agreement entered into with China Energy. Under the agreement, Asia Water will become an investment and financing platform for the Group s water services segment. Through capital operation and acceleration of integration, the Group will further expand the assets of its water business and enhance its overall management capability and market competitiveness. The overall strength in production and operation of the Group s water business continued to improve with a total daily operating capacity of up to 7,189,000 tonnes as at the end of 2011.
Greater efforts to integrate real estate business bring significant growth to operating results By selling a 90% equity interest in lots F and G of the Qingpu land in Shanghai and 77% equity interest in the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai, the Group successfully brought in the Chow Tai Fook Group as a strategic partner. The transaction effectively revitalized its capital funds and increased project brand presence, in addition to generating considerable profits for the Group. Furthermore, the Group completed the acquisition from its parent company of a 63.65% equity interest in SI Development, and successfully injected a 59% equity interest in Shanghai Urban Development into SI Urban Development for a total consideration of HK$6,110 million, resulting in an increase in the Group s shareholding in SI Urban Development to approximately 70%. In December 2011, the Group further strengthened its cash flow conditions by making an early disposal of its entire equity interest in the Shanghai Bay project to Glorious Property at a cash consideration of RMB2 billion, resulting in an investment return and disposal gain for the year of an aggregate of HK$290 million. Since 2009, the entire project has been providing a favorable return of approximately 24.36% per year.
Asset integration and enhancement have helped the Group s respective real estate businesses to effectively strengthen their operating and development capabilities, create synergy, improve asset quality and optimize asset portfolio. This has also further laid the foundation for creating a unified platform for development, investment and financing of the real estate business as a whole. Currently, the Group has a planned total gross floor area of up to 24.68 million square meters located in Shanghai as well as second and third tier cities in the coastal regions of eastern China and along the Yangtze River, the Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Rim and central and western China. With superior quality and relatively low-cost land resources, together with its professional management and operations teams, the Group s real estate business has demonstrated great appreciation and profitability potential.
Record operational efficiency achieved as structure for consumer products business continues 
In 2011, Nanyang Tobacco further optimized its brand structure and benefits have been seen gradually. During the year, careful plans have been made for the implementation of the Double Happiness project, where processing and production will be carried out in cooperation with a large PRC domestic tobacco company. In addition, continued efforts have been made to upgrade equipment and technology, strengthen research and development, reduce costs, increase quality production capacity and improve efficiency in an attempt to strive for stable earnings 
During the year, Wing Fat Printing maintained stable growth in production and operations. Following the disposal of its 78.13% equity interests in Hebei Yongxin Paper in May 2011, Wing Fat Printing totally withdrew from its containerboard business, which generated relatively low gross margins, and focused its resources on the development of the more profitable packaging printing business. Active steps were taken during the year to secure cigarette and wine packaging orders from external markets. Internal sales to Nanyang Tobacco also recorded sustained growth, resulting in a steady increase in overall profitability.

Through restructuring and integration plans as well as revitalization of its assets, the Group has laid a solid foundation for its real estate business. Despite challenges ahead, such as mainland s real estate control policy and the volatility of the capital markets in Europe and the Unites States, the Group will continue to consolidate and upgrade its real estate business platforms, including SI Development and SI Urban Development. By creating synergy and capitalizing on its competitive strength, the Group is confident of being able to generate higher returns from its real estate business.
As for toll roads and water services, the Group will continue to pursue acquisitions and mergers to expand the scale of its investments, with the intention to grow and strengthen the two core businesses through capital operations and to obtain full brand benefits and economies of scale to conform with the Group s strategic positioning.
In the coming year, Nanyang Tobacco and Wing Fat Printing will continue to optimize its operation and product mix and increase production capacity. Equipment and technology will be further upgraded to improve production and operational efficiencies. All these efforts will help continue to contribute strong and stable earnings to the Group.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.
Teng Yi Long 
