CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT ACHIEVING CONTINUED GROWTH FOR OUR CORE BUSINESSES WITH ENCOURAGING PROFITABILITY OVERALL I am pleased to report to our shareholders our results for 2012.
In view of the volatile market resulted from global political and economic instability, a decline in China s economic growth, as well as control regulations on real estate and impacts of toll road policies during the year, the Group has taken proactive measures to overcome difficulties arising from the situation. Under the leadership of the Board of Directors and our management executives, the Group has made considerable efforts to enhance business management, strengthen internal control and optimize asset structure, resulting in the continued growth of the different segments of our business. Smooth progress was made in the expansion of our core businesses and asset operation as well as in the continued optimization of our financial structure. During the year, changes were made in the management of the Company and several major subsidiary enterprises, including further achievement of a younger management team. Remarkable results were achieved for various major tasks undertaken by the Group and annual targets for the year were met as scheduled.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group realized net profits of HK$3,438 million, representing an increase of 4.0%, after excluding disposal gains from the disposal of an equity interest in Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai in 2011. Total revenue amounted to HK$19,287 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.8%.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK58 cents (2011: HK58 cents) per share for 2012. Together with the interim dividend of HK50 cents (2011: HK50 cents) per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK108 cents (2011: HK108 cents) per share.
The Group continued to maintain a favorable momentum for its three core businesses throughout 2012. Of this, the toll roads business managed to generate a strong cash flow for the Group despite the impact of toll policies. The water services business continued to rapidly expand the scale of its operations while the infrastructure facilities business recorded earnings of HK$978 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 4.2%.
The real estate business realized a net profit of HK$1,736 million, representing an increase of 3.3%, after excluding disposal gains from the disposal of an equity interest in Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai in the last financial year. In 2012, the Company completed the disposal of a 90% equity interest in Lot G of Qingpu land in Shanghai. Benefiting from a reversal of impairment loss from the sale of the Beijing Workers Gynasium project and the completion of the sale of a 50% equity interest of the Tangdao Bay project in Qingdao, SI Development continued its growth in earnings contribution for the year. A considerable decline in loss was recorded for SI Urban Development for the year as a result of its commitment to enhance marketing capabilities, strengthen internal management and improve its assets and liabilities situation. The decline also resulted from the successful completion of the disposal of 100% equity interest in the Park Avenue project in 
The consumer products business continued to grow steadily with net profit for the year reaching HK$974 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.4%. Nanyang Tobacco implemented active strategies to upgrade its products and adjust product mix.
Wing Fat Printing carried out optimization for its asset structure during 2012.
STEADY GROWTH MAINTAINED FOR TOLL ROADS AND RAPID EXPANSION SEEN IN WATER ASSETS During the year, in spite of policies implemented to lower the base toll rates for our three expressways, the green channel that has been introduced for fresh agricultural products as well as the toll-free policy for major holidays, we managed to maintain a strong cash flow and stable growth throughout the year. Further improvements were made on the operation and management of the respective expressways with the intention to reduce cost and increase efficiency. Better road maintenance and monitoring methods were introduced to ensure smooth traffic flow during holidays and enhance operational efficiency. Meanwhile, the Group continued to seek opportunities to expand the scale of investments in the toll road business in order to further strengthen the profitability of its 
Rapid expansions were seen in the scale of the Group s water assets during the year. In July 2012, Asia Water completed the acquisition of a 69.378% equity interest in Nanfang Water. In November, the name of the company was changed to SI Environment. The transfer of the company s listing to the Mainboard of the Singapore Stock Exchange was also officially completed in the same month. Taking into account SI Environment and General Water of China, the Group has been able to strengthen the production and operation of its water business, with a total daily operating capacity of up to 8,570,000 tonnes as at the end of 2012, bolstering its leadership position in the industry. The Group aims to further improve its water assets portfolio and enhance the overall operational capability and competitiveness of the company. Meanwhile, SI Environment is actively planning for a dual-listing in Hong Kong depending on the capital market situation.
REAL ESTATE ASSETS REVITALIZED EFFECTIVELY WITH SIGNIFICANT IMPROVEMENT IN SALES AND MARKETING During the year, the Company generated considerable profits from the completion of the disposal of 90% equity interest in lot G of the Qingpu land in Shanghai to the Chow Tai Fook Group, thereby effectively revitalizing its capital funds while increasing project brand presence. SI Development completed the disposal of a 50% equity interest in the Tangdao Bay project, Qingdao and successfully signed a cooperation agreement in relation to the commercial development of the International Beer City in Qingdao in December to effectively revitalize development funds for the International Beer City, Qingdao and increase the value of the project.
SI Urban Development successfully disposed of its 100% equity interest in the Park Avenue project in Chengdu, realizing total proceeds of RMB985 million. Shanghai Urban Development effectively expanded the sources of funding and optimized its financing structure after the successful completion of an issue of RMB1.5 billion of corporate bonds at relatively low interest rates in August.
The Group currently owns superior quality land resources in Shanghai as well as second and third tier cities in the coastal regions of eastern China and along the Yangtze River, the Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Rim and central and western China. Capitalizing on the relatively low-cost land resources, together with its superb management and operations teams, the Group s real estate business has demonstrated great appreciation and profitability potential.
CONSUMER PRODUCTS BUSINESS ACHIEVED FURTHER STRUCTURAL OPTIMIZATION CREATING FAVORABLE BENEFITS THROUGH PRODUCT UPGRADES Nanyang Tobacco continued to actively implement its strategies for product upgrades and product mix adjustments. Continuous efforts have been made to upgrade equipment and technology with two major restructuring projects for cigarette packaging machine and tobacco production line scheduled to be completed by 2013 which is expected to achieve further cost reduction, increase production capacity for exquisite products, enhance efficiency and achieve steady growth in earnings.
Wing Fat Printing optimized its assets structure during 2012 and acquired Shenzhen Shenyi on which Shenzhen WF Artistic Printing has been set up in April. In June, Wing Fat Printing successfully completed the disposal of a 70% equity interest in Chengdu Wingfat Printing and realized total proceeds of RMB231 million, generating a disposal gain of HK$172 million. In addition, it signed an agreement in December to dispose of its 30% equity interest in Zhejiang Tianwai and the transaction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2013.

In early 2013, capitalizing on a perfect timing in the market, the Company successfully completed the issue of HK$3,900,000,000 zero coupon 5-year convertible bonds, providing a favorable condition for the Group s future development with low-cost funding. However, we are fully aware of the challenges from the tightening regulatory and control policies in mainland China and the volatility of the capital markets in Europe and the Unites States and will take active measures to tackle these challenges.
In the infrastructure facilities business, we will expand the scale of our investments, including selective acquisitions of quality toll road projects. In regard to environmental operations, including water services, solid waste disposal and renewable energy, we will expand and strengthen our operations by accelerating business growth while enhancing our competitiveness in the market.
On the real estate business, increased efforts will be made to further study the macroeconomic environment, industry policies and market demands. We will also monitor our pace of development, strive for good product sales and asset revitalization, optimize asset and financial structure, strengthen brand building, and create a competitive business model that will help generate a higher return for the Company through capitalizing on the strength of our integrated development capability.
We will strengthen the management of the consumer products business to improve operational efficiency and secure steady growth. On the other hand, we will explore investment opportunities in the market and look for new profit growth to facilitate sustainable development in the business segment.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.
Teng Yi Long 
