Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to report to our shareholders the results of the Group for 2016.
During the year, the market was extremely volatile domestically and overseas with rapid changes in the global
political and economic environment. Against this scenario, the Board and the management of the Group have
made considerable efforts to integrate its financing activities and business operations and continued to focus on
its principal businesses – infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products. These core businesses have
also been further strengthened to improve operational efficiency. In addition, the Group has achieved stable growth
for its business segments through developing new business arenas and enhancing its internal control. Capitalizing
on activities in the capital market, the Group has also increased mergers and acquisitions activities and completed
a number of material projects, building an excellent asset structure and laying a solid foundation for its long-term
development.
For the year ended 31 December 2016, the Group’s net profit amounted to HK$2,903 million, representing a yearon-year
increase of 2.7% as compared to last year. The increase was mainly attributable to stable profitability growth
for the year of our infrastructure facilities and consumer products businesses. The Group’s total revenue amounted
to HK$22,132 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.4%.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK46 cents (2015: HK45 cents) per share for 2016.
Together with an interim dividend of HK36 cents (2015: HK36 cents) per share and a special dividend of HK10 cents
per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK92 cents (2015: HK81 cents) per share.
During the year, the Group continued to build up a good momentum for the development of its three core businesses
and achieve satisfactory growth. Of these, the toll roads business maintained a strong cash flow, water services
business expanded rapidly, and the infrastructure facilities business recorded a profit of HK$1,397 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.9%. Furthermore, the toll roads and water services businesses acquired a
number of high-quality assets through capital injections from the parent company as well as mergers and acquisitions
in the market, further strengthening profitability for its core businesses.
The real estate business recorded a profit of HK$752 million for the year on the back of rapid developments in the
domestic real estate market. It however represented a decrease of 15.4% over the previous year which was mainly
attributable to extra profits recorded for the disposal of a 10% interest in the Four Season Hotel Shanghai during the
last financial year. Excluding the impact from the extra gains, profits actually increased by 2.5% over last year.
The consumer products business maintained steady growth against a difficult external environment, recording a net
profit of HK$1,075 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.5%.
Infrastructure business – continuing to grow and expand its asset size
In September 2016, the Group acquired 23.0584% interests of Bridge Company from its parent company at a
consideration of HK$1,803 million. This connected transaction was approved unanimously by the independent
shareholders of the Company at an extraordinary general meeting. The acquisition has resulted in the injection of
high-quality assets into the Group’s toll road business, helping to enhance its future profitability.
During the year, the Group’s three existing high-quality toll roads continued to generate stable cash flow and recorded
sustained growth. Traffic flow and revenue also increased overall, benefiting from a rising number of cars and tourist
traffic. Considerable efforts were made to improve operational efficiency such as enhancing management standards
for its roads, improving road maintenance and monitoring and to effectively prevent traffic jams.
For the water services business, the Group continued to expand its asset size as planned and to improve the quality
of its assets, further consolidating its market share in the industry.
In October 2016, the Company and SI Environment acquired 20.2344% and 32.6562% shareholding interests –
totaling 52.8906% in Longjiang Environmental for a cash consideration of RMB518 million and RMB836 million,
respectively. Together with the 42.1094% shareholding interests already held by the Group, the acquisition brought
the Group’s shareholding interests in Longjiang Environmental to 95%. In February 2017, a further acquisition of
a 3.75% interest in Longjiang Environmental from an independent third party for a cash consideration of RMB96
million was made, bringing the Group’s shareholding interests to 98.75%. Longjiang Environmental is a leading
company in the water services industry in Heilongjiang, and such acquisition represents an important strategic move
in respect of the Group’s investments in the water services industry in the northeast China region.
To increase the scale of investment of its water and environmental operations, in January 2017, the Company
subscribed for 350,000,000 shares in SI Environment at S$0.63 per share, upon which the Company will hold
approximately 45.95% of SI Environment’s enlarged issued share capital. The acquisition is now pending approval
from independent shareholders of SI Environment.
In addition, in February 2017, the Company subscribed for 300,000,000 shares in Canvest Environmental at
HK$3.50 per share. The total investment is HK$1,050 million. Together with the 2.42% shareholding interests
originally held by SI Environment, the Group holds a total of 15.28% interest in Canvest Environmental after the
subscription. Canvest Environmental is a leading waste-to-energy enterprise. The increase in shareholding in the
company represents a significant move for the Group’s infrastructure sector in the adjustment of its investment
strategy in solid waste projects.
Through Shanghai Galaxy and Galaxy Energy, the Group has wholly owned or is now owning controlling shares of
eleven photovoltaic power generation projects nationwide, with a total asset scale reaching 560MW, an increase
of 50MW from last year. Among which, an aggregate of 410MW are qualified to obtain governmental subsidies on
electricity price.
Real estate business – Optimising its asset structure and enhancing operational
efficiency
During the year, the Group’s real estate enterprises capitalized on opportunities arising from rapid developments
of the property market and achieved satisfactory results. This has been achieved through effectively strengthening
its business development and marketing capabilities as well as improving the quality of its assets and streamlining
its asset portfolio. At the same time, efforts were made to promote the development of emerging industries and to
prevent operational risks.
The private placement of SI Development was completed satisfactorily, raising a total proceed of RMB3,902
million for the Group. Accordingly, the proportion of the Company’s shareholding in SI Development was diluted
from 63.65% to 48.60%. In addition, SI Development issued corporate bonds with grade AA ratings amounting
to RMB1,000 million at a very low coupon rate of 3.23% for the prevailing period, resulting in the improvement of
its financial structure. During the period, a total of 426,000,000 shares from the company’s capital reserve was
converted to its share capital at a ratio of 3 shares for every 10 shares for its shareholders, raising the total share
capital of the company to 1,845,000,000 shares. While enhancing its share capital, the company also shared its
operating rewards with its investors.
In 2016, SI Urban Development disposed of its 35% and 40% interests in the U Center in Shanghai by way of
withdrawing from the Green Carbon Fund and public bidding respectively, bringing a total pre-tax disposal gain
of approximately RMB2,000 million to Shanghai Urban Development. During the same period, Shanghai Urban
Development issued a six-year term corporate bond package amounting to RMB1,700 million at a rate of 3.9%
while SI Urban Development obtained a loan of RMB3,000 million from a syndicate of banks at a rate of 3.8%
respectively. The proceeds of such financing arrangements will be used partly for the repayment of shareholder’s
loans denominated in foreign currencies, and partly to optimize SI Urban Development’s debt structure and to
minimize the impact of the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate on it.
To enhance the quality of its land reserves at a reasonable cost and to consolidate its strategy of focusing on
developments in Shanghai, SI Urban Development acquired Contemporary Art Villas and Contemporary Splendour
Villas in 2016 at a consideration of RMB2,350 million. Both residential villa developments are located in Minhang
District, Shanghai with a respective site area of 116,308 sq.m. and 120,512 sq.m. The residential portion of
TODTOWN Phase 1 under the metro superstructure project jointly developed by SI Urban Development, Sun Hung
Kai Properties and the Shanghai government, are planned to be launched in 2017.
Consumer products business – expanding new arenas and promoting operational
efficiency
In 2016, Nanyang Tobacco experienced considerable changes in the external environment. Through continuous
improvement of equipment technology, the company increased production capacity, reduced costs and enhanced
efficiency. It also strived to optimise its product mix, and has met the target of successive growth in total sales volume,
sales revenue and net profit.
For Wing Fat Printing, despite unfavourable conditions in the tobacco and wine packaging markets, the company
achieved satisfactory results as the exquisite-moulded fiber-packaging box manufacturing base was built and put into
operation as scheduled. In the second half of the year, Wing Fat achieved better operating efficiency and moved a big
step forward towards the company’s strategic business transformation.
PROSPECTS
The Group will continue to streamline the management of its infrastructure business and make considerable efforts
to constrain cost and increase efficiency. Plans will also be made to promote the integration of its financing activities
and business operations in order to enhance capital return. For the water services business, we will continue to
promote acquisitions and mergers in an orderly manner through capital operation to further increase its asset size
while continuing to explore new business areas.
For real estate, the Group has laid a firm foundation for this business by restructuring and revitalization of its assets
over the past few years. Following rapid developments of the mainland market in 2016, the real estate market is
expected to face challenges such as potential regulatory policies imposed on the real estate sector and fluctuations
in the capital markets in Europe and the United States in the coming year. Under the circumstances, the Group will
carefully monitor the pace of its development, further revitalize its assets and accelerate the operation and efficiency
of its commercial assets platform. It will also expand the size of emerging industries to create higher returns for the
Company.
Nanyang Tobacco will maintain its leading position in technology, strengthen its internal management, control cost,
and prevent exchange risk. Wing Fat Printing will strive to lift service standards and profitability of its traditional
cigarette and wine packaging businesses, and at the same time enhancing its market expansion capability, R&D
capability and investment returns for its new exquisite-moulded fiber business.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued
patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members
for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.
Wang Wei
Chairman
Hong Kong, 29 March 2017