SIGNIFICANT PROFIT GROWTH ACHIEVED WITH STRINGENT MANAGEMENT 
I am pleased to report to our shareholders our results for 2013.
Despite the slow recovery in the global economy and a decline in China s economic growth as well as stricter policies in the mainland on domestic real estates and toll road operations, the Group has managed to reach its strategic targets through sound management and more stringent internal controls. During the year, the Group has made a concerted effort, under the leadership of the Board of Directors and our management executives, to overcome difficulties and seized timely opportunities for deploying capital operation, resulting in the completion of a number of significant projects. As a result, steady and sustainable growth has been maintained for the Group s core businesses and significant increases in operating revenue were recorded. During the year, transitions for the Board members were completed smoothly. Remarkable results for various major tasks were also achieved and annual targets for the year 
For the year ended 31 December 2013, the Group realized net profits of HK$2,702 million, representing an increase of 17.2%, after excluding disposal gains from the disposal of lot G of the Qingpu District in Shanghai last year. Total revenue amounted to HK$21,568 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.8%.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK45 cents (2012: HK58 cents) per share for 2013. Together with the interim dividend of HK42 cents (2012: HK50 cents) per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK87 cents (2012: HK108 cents) per share.
Throughout the year, the Group continued to maintain a favorable momentum for its three core businesses. Of this, the toll roads business recorded growth in revenue and generated a strong cash flow for the Group with further enhancements in management despite the impact of toll policies. In line with its plans, the water services business continued to expand the scale of its operations rapidly through efficient capital operation and integration and upgrades of assets and business. The infrastructure facilities business recorded earnings of HK$1,015 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.8%.
The real estate business realized a net profit of HK$738 million, representing an increase of 22.0%, after excluding the gains from disposal of lot G of the Qingpu District in Shanghai in the last financial year. In 2013, in line with their strategic targets, SI Urban Development and SI Development, revitalized their assets and speeded up property development generating a considerable revenue.
The consumer products business continued to grow steadily with a net profit reaching HK$1,001 million for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.8%. Strategies to upgrade products and adjust product mix were actively implemented by Nanyang Tobacco and efforts were made to explore the potential of its products and the market. The transition of the board members and management team for Wing Fat Printing was completed smoothly. The company s asset structure was improved and its internal control was enhanced. Timely strategic mergers and acquisitions for assets and business were also made to broaden its sources of revenue.
Capitalizing on an excellent market opportunity that cropped up within a short period in early 2013, the Company completed the issuance of HK$3.9 billion of zero coupon 5-year convertible bonds in relatively favourable terms with a conversion price of HK$36.34 per share. This has provided the Group with a low cost capital for its business development.
STEADY GROWTH RECORDED IN INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT CONTINUES TO STRENGTHEN With strong management initiatives, the Group continued to record profits after tax and achieved steady growth in traffic flow and toll revenue for its three quality expressways despite impacts on toll policies, and a strong cash flow was maintained during the year.
Increases in toll revenue and traffic flow were driven by respective increases in the total number of private cars as well as shopping venues and residential districts nearby. The operation and management of the expressways were further improved and better road maintenance and monitoring were introduced to ensure smooth traffic flow and enhance operational efficiency. Capitalizing on such opportunities, the Group will continue to expand the scale of its investments in the toll roads business in order to strengthen the profitability of its core businesses.
The scale of the Group s water assets has also expanded rapidly. During the year, SI Environment acquired the phase 2 sewage treatment plant in Qingpu, Shanghai, a 100% interest in the waste incineration power project in Dazhou Jiajin and a 50% interest in the waste incineration project of Pucheng Thermal Power with a planned capacity of 1,050 tonnes and 1,000 tonnes respectively, apart from the BOT and alternation and expansion projects newly bidded and acquired. The placement of a of 3.1 billion new shares with proceeds of S$263.50 million was completed following the listing of the company on the Main Board of the Singapore Stock Exchange, and reputable strategic investors including China Investment Corporation and RRJ Capital were introduced. Taking into account contributions from SI Environment and General Water of China, the Group has been able to strengthen its overall production and operation of its water business, reaching a total daily operating capacity of up to 9.60 million tones as at the end of 2013. The Group will further expand the assets of its environmental investment and enhance its overall operational capability and 
The Group has also invested in new business arena through Shanghai Galaxy, a 50:50 joint venture with SIIC Shanghai. During the year, Shanghai Galaxy has made investments in the Gaotai and Jiayuguan photovoltaic power station (150MW in total) in cooperation with Shanghai Aerospace Electromechanical and acquired interests in Pudong Construction as well as a finance and leasing company and the Sichuan development property fund. With this, new scope of investments is actively explored.
REAL ESTATE RESOURCES EFFECTIVELY DEPLOYED RESULTING IN A SIGNIFICANT INCREASE IN REVENUE CONTRIBUTIONS In 2013, SI Urban Development reached a land adjustment agreement with Shanghai Xuhui District Planning and Land Administration Bureau for the swapping of its existing site originally designated for the development of Xujiahui Centre for four other pieces of land in Binjiang, Xuhui District. The entry into the agreement has laid a strong foundation for the long term development of the company. In June 2013, SI Urban Development disposed of its 25% interest in the U Center project for RMB1.175 billion, with a profit after tax of HK$737 million.
During the year, SI Development and Parkson Group entered into an agreement to undertake the construction work of the Parkson Shopping Mall in Qingdao International Beer City, with a view to increase the value of the project.
In late 2013 and January this year, the Company and SI Development entered into respective transfer agreements with Shanghai City Land Group and its subsidiary to dispose of their entire interest in lot E of the Qingpu District. The transactions were completed in the first quarter of 2014 and to generate a profit of approximately HK$1.2 billion.
Currently, the Group owns superior quality land resources in Shanghai as well as second and third tier cities in the coastal regions of eastern China and along the Yangtze River, the Yangtze River Delta, the Bohai Rim and central and western China. Capitalizing on the relatively low-cost land resources and remarkable management and operations teams, the Group s real estate business has demonstrated considerable potential for appreciation and profitability.
ENHANCING MARKETING EFFORTS TO PROMOTE CONSUMER PRODUCTS AND DEVELOPING NEW MARKETS TO CREATE GREATER BENEFITS In line with its strategies, Nanyang Tobacco continued to upgrade its products and adjust its product mix. Continuous efforts have been made to upgrade equipment and technology to further reduce cost, increase production capacity for exquisite products, enhance efficiency and develop new markets, thereby achieving steady growth in profit.
Wing Fat Printing has been actively studying the feasibility of entering the pulp mould packaging industry through mergers and acquisitions in order to seek breakthroughs in business development and broaden its sources of profit.

Looking forward to 2014, given the unfavorable environment in both domestic and international economies and more stringent regulatory policies in the mainland, the Group is committed to strengthen its current core businesses and focus on its key projects.
We will expand the scale of our investments in the infrastructure facilities business. In this regard, SI Environment will explore different financing alternatives to better balance its source of financing. The company will speed up its expansion plans in accordance with its strategic goals and further strengthen its operations to enhance competitiveness. We will also acquire favourable projects for toll roads to enhance the profitability of our core business.
For the real estate business, we will make greater efforts to review our business development strategies so as to increase our sales and revitalize our assets. We will manage to optimize our asset and financial structures and strengthen our brand building exercise in order to create a competitive business model that will help generate a higher return through capitalizing on the strength of the integrated development capability of our respective subsidiaries.
In the area of our consumer products business, we will strengthen our management and improve our operational efficiency in order to sustain our growth. At the same time, we will further explore the potential of our products in the overseas markets. We will also identify suitable targets for mergers and acquisitions so as to achieve new areas for profit growth and to facilitate sustainable development in the business segment.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.

Hong Kong, 31 March 2014 
