CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Record high results achieved as core businesses expand The Group s core businesses continued to grow following the divestment of its non-core businesses completed last year.
Significant increases were recorded from operating results of all business segments. Annual profits reached another record high while satisfactory progress was made in asset restructuring, bringing the Group to a new era of growth for its future 
For the year ended 31 December 2010, the Group recorded a revenue of HK$12,712 million, and an annual profit of HK$5,278 million, representing increases of 80.0% and 83.9% respectively over last year. Earnings per share were approximately HK$4.89, up 83.8% over last year. As at the end of 2010, the Group s total assets and net assets reached HK$87,831 million and HK$29,760 million, up 36.7% and 19.5% respectively over last year.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK58 cents per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK50 cents per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK108 cents.
During the year, the Group achieved remarkable results and maintained a healthy momentum of earnings growth with all its key projects progressing in an orderly manner. The toll roads business recorded satisfactory growth in toll revenues and traffic flows. Rapid developments were seen in the water business. The infrastructure facilities business recorded a profit of HK$821 million, an increase of 11.0% over last year, and up 73.2% after excluding subsidies obtained in 2009 for the alteration and widening works of the expressways.
Benefiting from property sales from Shanghai Urban Development and profit contributions from the Shanghai Bay project, the real estate business saw a significant increase in its annual profit to HK$946 million, up 29.4% over last year, reflecting the added value and development potential of the business. Losses from SI Urban Development were considerably reduced since the completion of the Group s acquisition of the company at the end of June last year. The profit for the Group s real estate business rose by 42.7% over last year after excluding losses arising from SI Urban Development.
The consumer products segment provided a stable recurrent income to the Group. Nanyang Tobacco s results have been rising steadily; Wing Fat Printing recorded double-digit growth in earnings and further optimized its assets structure during the year. The consumer products business recorded a profit of HK$678 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.3% without taking into account disposal gains and profit contributions from projects disposed of last year.
Expanding the scope of infrastructure facilities business and strengthening water investment The Group owns three key toll roads in Shanghai, providing a stable income and cash flow for its business development.
During the year, the alteration and widening works for Jing-Hu Expressway (Shanghai Section) and Hu-Kun Expressway (Shanghai Xinsong Section) were successively completed, and an overall steady growth in toll revenue and traffic flow was seen in all its highways. The Group is keen to expand the scope of its infrastructure facilities business and, as and when appropriate, the scale of investment in its toll roads so as to strengthen the profitability of its core businesses.
The Group has played an active role in water services investment in view of growing demands for water resources and sewage treatment due to rapid developments in the urban and rural areas of China. During the year, the acquisition for the Singapore-listed Asia Water and United Runtong Water, a water supply enterprise in mainland China, was completed, thereby instantly increasing the Group s daily water capacity by 1,950,000 tonnes. As at the end of 2010, the aggregate daily water capacity of its water business reached 6,289,000 tonnes, resulting in a continuous growth in the composite strength of production operation.
Increasing capital operation momentum to integrate real estate business platform During the year, the Group s real estate business expanded significantly with the acquisitions of equity interests in SI Urban Development completed during the year and also a controlling stake in the Shanghai-listed SI Development being acquired from its parent company. Taking into account the land banks of Shanghai Urban Development and SI Urban Development as well as the Qingpu lands which it already owns, the Group has a planned total gross floor area of 17,620,000 square meters. Upon the completion of the SI Development acquisition transaction and the land lot G, it will have a planned total gross floor area of approximately 23,430,000 square meters with projects covering major cities in China, fulfilling its strategic plans to expand its real estate business throughout the country.
The acquisition of SI Development is expected to be completed within this year. Additional efforts will be put into capital operation this year to fully promote the restructuring and integration of the real estate business. Through assets injection, share placement and joint development, subsequent development will be planned and efforts for brand building will be enhanced in order to maintain the Group s leading position in the domestic real estate industry.
Accelerating project development process and optimizing real estate assets structure During the year, the Group continued to benefit from profit contributions from its real estate projects with steady income growth from the business segment. In the long run, there is still ample potential for development in the real estate industry in mainland China. Shanghai Urban Development made steady progress during the year, successfully meeting its sales target for the year, and favorable return on investment was maintained for the Shanghai Bay project. Significant improvements were made in the financial structure of SI Urban Development after the Group became its shareholder and, in short, the company has maintained a healthy growth momentum overall.
Continuing with its strategic deployment plan, the Group reached an agreement with Chow Tai Fook group to sell 90% of its equity interest in lots F and G of the Qingpu land project and 77% of its equity interest in the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai project to the company. Under the agreement, Chow Tai Fook group will become a strategic partner of the Group and will jointly develop approximately a quarter of the Qingpu land lots. In addition, New World Development, a leading developer in mainland China, was appointed to plan and develop the project. Through such integration, the Group has been able to develop the project on its own while bringing in strategic partners to enhance the effectiveness of development. The agreement enables the Group to have flexible available funds for other Qingpu land lots during the development period, in addition to receiving a disposal income of approximately HK$2,867 million in total. All in all, the partnership arrangement has enabled the Group to optimize its real estate assets and cash position which are essential for future mergers and acquisitions related to the Group s core businesses and for improving corporate earnings and return on 
Significant results seen in business restructuring with steady improvement in profitability The consumer products segment whose business has remained stable continued to refine its operation and profit structure in order to seek breakthroughs. Nanyang Tobacco made considerable efforts to revamp its product structure to enhance its current operating strength, to promote its own brands by introducing new products and technical reforms, and to enlarge market share through the offering of high value-added products and creative marketing strategies. During the year, the segment has achieved remarkable results and made a satisfactory contribution to the Group s profits.
During the year, Wing Fat Printing mainly engaged in packaging materials printing, a traditional business that has remained stable over the years, and containerboard operation, a volatile business due to rising cost of waste paper. Under a strategic deployment plan, Wing Fat Printing sold all its shareholdings in Hebei Yongxin Paper earlier this year for a disposal gain of approximately HK$140 million. The plan allows the company to completely withdraw from the containerboard industry and to focus on the development of packaging printing, a more profitable business that helps activate working capital and optimize assets structure.

The Group s high-quality core assets toll roads, water services and consumer products have provided stable cash flow and healthy profit growth, while its real estate business presents considerable growth potential. In the future, the Group will further strengthen its core businesses, optimize its asset structure and increase its future earnings to create higher values for its shareholders and enhance the return on their investment.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to seek merger and acquisition opportunities for its infrastructure facilities business to further expand the scale of operations. This year, the Group will actively identify toll road projects and high- quality water service assets with profit potential in major cities of China. It will also strive to integrate its water services 
As to the real estate business, this year s focus will be on participation in capital market restructuring and integration.
Through this, the Group will endeavor to create a larger-scale operating platform with overall competitive strength to obtain full economies of scale and synergies from its real estate assets and to increase earnings. In addition, the Group will further strengthen its sales and accelerate project development process in view of the real estate policies implemented in 
For consumer products, the Group will, on the basis of ensuring steady business development, remain committed to enhance its operating strength, actively explore potential markets, achieve sustainable growth in business operating profit and continue to contribute strong earnings and cash flows to the Group.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our Shareholders and business partners for their continued support and patronage, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication 
Teng Yi Long 
