Reaching New Heights 
In 2009, the Group made significant strides in the development of its business with the introduction of a number of major initiatives. Following through plans for the optimization of its business, the Group disposed of several non-core assets and withdrew from the medicine portfolio while continuing to strengthen its core businesses.
Remarkable performance was achieved as a result with record 
For the year ended 31st December 2009, the Group recorded profits attributable to shareholders of HK$2,860 million, representing an increase of 36.1% over the previous year. Earnings per share rose 35.2% to HK$2.65. Revenue (including those of the medicine business) amounted to HK$12,762 million, an increase of 0.2% over last year. As at the end of 2009, the Group s total assets and net assets reached HK$60,229 million and HK$24,891 million, up 16.5% and 6.4% respectively over last year.
In 2009, the Group recorded satisfactory results for its core businesses. Profit contribution from the infrastructure facilities segment increased 17.8% to HK$729 million excluding the disposal of a non-controlling road project and a water service operation in the previous year. The consumer products segment showed strong performance and recorded a profit contribution of HK$1,881 million to the Group, representing an increase of 38.9%, despite deducting disposal gains from the supermarket and dairy businesses during the year. The real estate segment achieved major breakthroughs. Profit contribution from the segment amounted to HK$731 million and, without taking property revaluation into account, this represented an increase of 196.4% over last year. A moderate improvement in profit was seen in the medicine business, with an increase of 0.1% recorded after deducting gains from the disposal of certain pharmaceutical enterprises during the year as well as the year before.
With sound financial planning and flexible allocation of capital, the Group secured a syndicated loan of HK$4.9 billion from major local and foreign banks to finance future mergers and acquisitions requirements, providing ample resources for the Group s future investment activities.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK60 cents per share.
Together with the interim dividend of HK48 cents per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK108 cents. The dividend payout ratio 
Strategic transformation accomplished to facilitate business structure 
During the year, the Group adopted a dual strategy of acquisition and divestment in accordance with its future direction. Announcements were made for the disposal of its entire interests in Lianhua Supermarket, MicroPort Medical, SMIC, Bright Dairy and pharmaceutical assets respectively. All these transactions were completed. Sale proceeds amounting to HK$5,750 million from the disposal of the pharmaceutical assets were received subsequent to the year end and gains from the disposal will be recorded in the accounts of 2010. The profit and loss for the rest of these transactions have been recorded in the accounts for the year. Sale proceeds for the year arising therefrom amounted to approximately HK$3,768 million (excluding the sale proceeds from Lianhua Supermarket) with a disposal gain after tax of approximately HK$871 million.
With continued support from the parent company, premium assets including four land lots located in the Qingpu District of Shanghai and the Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) were injected into the Group during the year, significantly reflecting its unique position of having a strong Shanghai background. In June, the Group acquired four prime residential blocks under development in Shanghai Bay located in the Xuhui District of the city. The acquisition is expected to enhance profits for the Group s real estate business. In the same month, the Group further expanded its water services through the acquisition of shares in Asia Water, a listed company in Singapore. A total consideration of HK$6,984 million was paid for the above acquisitions. With the completion of these acquisition and disposal transactions, the strategic business restructuring plans for the year were accomplished. As a result, the Group is now able to focus on the strengthening of its infrastructure facilities and real estate segments while counting on support from the established consumer products segment.
Building up a robust infrastructure platform with dominant position in Shanghai s road network In December 2009, the Company announced the acquisition from the parent company of a 100% stake in the operating concession of Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) for a consideration of HK$1,388 million. As a constituent of the National Highway Network linking Shanghai to Chongqing, the expressway is both the west-bound transportation trunk line from Shanghai to inland provinces and the direct expressway to downtown Shanghai from the provinces and cities along the G50 National Highway, as well as from the western suburbs of 
Upon completion of the acquisition of Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) along with Jing-Hu Expressway (Shanghai Section) (formerly known as Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section)) and Hu-Kun Expressway (Shanghai Section) (formerly known as Hu-Hang Expressway (Shanghai Section)) currently owned by the Group, it will be operating three key toll roads in Shanghai. These represent Shanghai s dominant traffic gateways in the south-west, west and north-west.
As at the end of February 2010, the three toll roads accounted for approximately 19% of the total mileage of toll roads in Shanghai and represented approximately 40% of the total toll revenues in the city. These investment projects are expected to deliver stable revenue and recurring cash flow to the Group.
The projects from General Water of China successively generated profits for the Group. Apart from this, the Group expanded its investment in water services during the year by means of acquisition of equity interests in Asia Water, a listed company in Singapore, for a consideration of approximately HK$215 million. Completed in mid February 2010, the acquisition is expected to help rapidly expand the Group s capacity in water services. Asia Water owns 11 water projects in mainland China with a total capacity of 1,123,500 tonnes per day. Taking into account the total daily capacity from General Water of China, the Group now maintains an aggregate daily capacity of 5,406,500 tonnes. The new investment not only creates synergy for the Group s existing water business but increases economic efficiency for the operation. The Company and its co-investor in General Water of China have pledged to implement plans for the continued expansion of the water services 
Real estate investment boom to tap sustainable growth potential During the year, Shanghai Urban Development achieved steady profit growth.
To add momentum to the profitability of its core businesses, the Group has taken active steps to increase its investment in the real estate business. In June, the Company announced the acquisition of four prime residential blocks under development in Shanghai Bay for a consideration of RMB2,000 million. Located along the Huangpu River and opposite the Shanghai World Expo venues, the acquisition comprises a total of 396 residential units with a total gross floor area of about 100,000 square meters. The site is next to the Nanpu subway station on Line 7 of the Shanghai Metro which commenced operation in 2009. A profit contribution of about HK$409 million for the year was recorded from this project.
In August and December 2009, respective announcements were made by the Company regarding the acquisition from the parent company of four lots of premier land resources with a total site area of approximately 1,698,500 square meters, for a total consideration of HK$3,109 million. Located by the lakeside of Dianshan Lake, Qingpu District of Shanghai, and adjoining the Zhujiajiao Town, an ancient water town in the south of the Yangtze River with considerable green environment features, the site is earmarked for the development of low density residential blocks and villas, offering excellent potential for growth.
The Company also announced in mid January 2010 the conditional acquisition and subscription of a total of approximately 1,184,000,000 shares in Neo- China, a listed company in Hong Kong, for an aggregate consideration of approximately HK$2,746 million, to become the single largest shareholder holding approximately 45.02% of the enlarged share capital of the company.
The transactions are expected to be completed by the second quarter of the year.
Upon completion, the Group will be required to make a general offer to the existing shareholders of Neo-China. Neo-China owns 14 real estate projects in 11 cities in mainland China of which most are middle to high-end luxury residential buildings. As at 31st December 2009, the company had a total site area of approximately 7,360,000 square meters. Upon completion of the transactions, the Group will become one of China s top 20 real estate developers, thereby further consolidating its position in the industry and enhancing its future earning 
Counting on pharmaceutical assets restructuring to fully divest from the medicine business During the year, the Group participated in Shanghai Pharmaceutical s state- owned assets restructuring and sold its entire 43.62% stake in SI Pharmaceutical, a pharmaceutical company listed on the A shares market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. All equity interests in the Group s medicine investments, including Hangzhou Qingchunbao, Huqingyutang Pharmaceutical, Xiamen TCM, Liaoning Herbapex and Sunway Biotech, were disposed of, realizing aggregate proceeds of approximately HK$5,750 million and a disposal gain of approximately HK$3,000 million. The transactions were completed in mid February 2010.
In June, the Company also announced the disposal of its entire interest of approximately 18.89% in MicroPort Medical for HK$516 million, resulting in a disposal gain of HK$383 million recorded in the first half of 2009. With these asset restructuring transactions, the Group has totally withdrawn from the medicine business, focusing its financial resources on the development of its core businesses. Such moves will further streamline the Group s business structure and help create greater profit contribution to the Group.

Capitalizing on every opportunity to strive for development through business optimization and stringent risk control Looking forward to the year ahead, the Group will continue to optimize its business portfolio and proceed with its major acquisition projects. Focus will be put on the development of its infrastructure facilities and real estate segments, capitalizing on market opportunities and strengthening the development of its core businesses. The long term goal is to be a leading enterprise engaged in the core businesses of infrastructure facilities, real estate and consumer products, striving to create favourable returns for its shareholders.
For the infrastructure facilities segment, Jing-Hu Expressway (Shanghai Section) and Hu-Kun Expressway (Shanghai Section) currently provide long-term stable cash flow to the Group. Completion of the alteration and widening works is expected to drive growth in both traffic flows and toll revenue. In addition to the scheduled completion of the acquisition of Hu-Yu Expressway (Shanghai Section) in 2010, the Group will continue to seek opportunities to acquire highway projects with profit growth potential. Meanwhile, strategic development of its water services business will be further driven to explore greater room for growth.
For real estates segment, the Group will continue to consolidate its real estate businesses. During the past year, the injection of a number of high quality projects were made and, with the acquisition of Neo-China which is scheduled to be completed within this year, the Group is well positioned to rapidly expand its investment in the real estate segment, thereby maximizing the benefits of economies of scale and business synergy, capitalizing on the opportunities for sustainable growth and creating robust growth momentum.
As for the consumer products business, Nanyang Tobacco and Wing Fat Printing both performed satisfactorily with stable business growth. The Group will actively optimize its product structure to add value to the products, expand into new markets and improve overall profitability, thereby providing strong support for the development of the Group s core businesses.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.
Teng Yi Long 
