CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Optimizing businesses to enhance profit growth The dramatic changes in the global economy during the year have brought varying impacts and challenges to different sectors of the business community. Despite this, the Group has been able to maintain healthy business growth and achieved breakthroughs in key areas. Capitalizing on the restructuring of state-owned assets in Shanghai, the Group has optimized its business structure and built up a solid foundation for its continued development and improvement in profitability.
For the year ended 31st December 2008, the Group recorded a consolidated turnover of HK$12,733 million, an increase of 51.0%. Profits attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$2,102 million, an increase of 7.1%. Earnings per share increased by 1.0% to HK$1.96. As at the end of 2008, the Group s total assets and net assets reached HK$51,648 million and HK$23,401 million respectively, up 8.8% and 3.4% respectively over last year.
During the year, the Group continued to enhance its internal control and made good progress on its major projects, achieving satisfactory performance for all its core business segments. The infrastructure facilities segment achieved steady growth with the acquisition of Hu-Hang Expressway (Shanghai Section) and completion of the expansion and widening of Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section), bringing a profit contribution of HK$829 million to the Group, up 223.7% over last year. Profit contribution from the medicine segment increased by 51.4% to HK$264 million on the back of a rapid growth of the domestic pharmaceutical industry. Nanyang Tobacco in the consumer products segment continued to deliver stable income. After deducting the disposal item in the previous year, profit contribution from the segment decreased by 26.3% to HK$488 million.
The real estate business acquired during the year contributed a profit of HK$440 million to the Group, while the overall property sales of Shanghai Urban Development were favourable.
Apart from effective capital allocation and tight financial risk control, the Company has been able to further strengthen its capital by raising funds and taking advantage of favourable market opportunities. In October and December 2008, syndicated loans amounting to HK$2,200 million and HK$670 million respectively were secured from various domestic and foreign banks under relatively favourable terms.
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK36 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK45 cents per share paid during 2008, total dividends for the year amounted to HK81 cents. The dividend payout ratio is 41.3%.
Strengthening core businesses through injection of high-quality 
In July 2008, the Group announced the acquisition from its parent company of 100% interest of the operating concession of the Hu-Hang Expressway (Shanghai Section) and an equity interest of about 87% in the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai for a total consideration of approximately HK$5,546 million. Both transactions were completed on 1st December 2008. Currently the Group owns two toll roads in Shanghai, representing about 40% of the total expressway toll revenue in the city. Following these transactions, the Group now fully enjoys the business growth of toll road operations in Shanghai, while the acquisition of the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai further consolidates and strengthens the investment portfolio of the Group s real estate business.
This large-scale move of capital operation has enabled the Group to acquire high-quality resources of expressway in Shanghai and also represents a major breakthrough for the Group in the course of participating in the strategic restructuring of state-owned assets in Shanghai following the acquisition of Shanghai Urban Development. The newly acquired projects are expected to help enhance the operating and earnings base for the infrastructure facilities and real estate segments, and bring further momentum to the continued development of 
Monitoring market opportunities to step up real estate development With the acquisition of the Four Seasons Hotel Shanghai, the Group s real estate segment now comprises property development, property investment and hotel operations, featuring both residential and commercial properties. During the year, the real estate segment maintained steady growth and achieved favourable returns despite changes in the domestic economy and the government s implementation of macro-control over the real estate industry in mainland China earlier in the year.
The Urban Cradle project is a modernized and prestigious city complex primely located within the Mid-Ring Road district in Shanghai. With easy access and top international facilities, the project is a self-contained community combining business, entertainment, cultural, educational, commercial and leisure facilities under one roof. The sale of the Urban Cradle Royal House villa project and Urban Cradle Lounge City apartments was launched in the fourth quarter of 2008 and strong sales better than market expectation were recorded. A total of 160 units were sold, generating a satisfactory sales proceed of HK$1,020 million in a single quarter. The sales momentum continued unabated. Xujiahui Centre is a premium project located in the heart of Xujiahui, the core business district in Shanghai. With the commencement of the site clearance this year, the initial stage of the development plan has been accelerated and the project is 
Increasing the scale of infrastructure investments to enhance 
The Group has taken active steps to upscale the size of its infrastructural investments. During the year, the Group successfully acquired the operating concession of the Hu-Hang Expressway (Shanghai Section), and completed the alteration and widening of the Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section) from a four to eight-lane carriageway by the end of the year. The widened expressway commenced operation in early 2009. The widening and alteration of the Hu- Hang Expressway (Xin-Song Section) from Xinzhuang cross bridge to Songjiang cross bridge is expected to reduce traffic congestion at toll plazas, eliminate bottlenecks and improve overall road service standards. Work for the project has already started and is scheduled for completion before the opening of the 2010 Shanghai World Expo. In addition, the commencement of operation of the Group s respective water projects and steady rise in water prices are expected to help further increase the scale of operation and enhance the profitability and competitiveness of its water business.
The Group will continue to acquire toll road projects with earnings potential in Shanghai as well as other provinces and cities with rapid economic growth. The acquisitions are expected to broaden the Group s recurrent income and further consolidate the earnings base of the infrastructure facilities segment. Meanwhile, the Group will optimize the capital structure for its water business and strengthen the development of the company.
Streamlining business structure through orderly divesting of non-core 
In May 2008, the Company announced the disposal of its 20% equity interest in Shanghai Information Investment to its parent company for a consideration of HK$775 million. The transaction was completed in June 2008, resulting in a disposal gain of HK$332 million for the Group. In October 2008, the Group disposed of its entire 30% equity interest in Yongjin Expressway, to further cut down non-controlling businesses. The approval of the transaction by the relevant PRC government authorities were completed, bringing in a gain of approximately HK$208 million for the Group during the year. Subsequent to the balance sheet date, SI Pharmaceutical also disposed of its 21.17% shareholding of domestic shares in Lianhua Supermarket. Following this, SI Pharmaceutical has totally withdrawn from chain store supermarket operations and directed its resources to strengthen its medicine business portfolio. The disposal gain will be reflected in the Group s accounts in 2009.
Orderly divesting of non-core businesses will help to streamline the Group s business structure, increase cash flow, and consolidate its resources for the development of the Group s core businesses.

Maintaining growth and development through an optimized structure and prudent risk management During the year, the Group has been able to maintain satisfactory income growth and profitability for its core businesses. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to develop its core businesses and optimize its business structure in order to bring recurrent earnings growth, to exit from non-core businesses and to capitalize on financing resources. The Group will actively participate in the strategic restructuring of state-owned assets in Shanghai to seize development opportunities. Taking advantage of its Shanghai background and continued support from its parent company, the Group is expected to achieve sustainable and stable development and increase earnings contribution to enhance 
On the infrastructure facilities business, the Group will continue to acquire toll road projects with earnings prospects while ensuring good traffic flow after the alteration and widening of the Hu-Ning Expressway (Shanghai Section) and smooth progress for the alteration and widening works of the Hu-Hang Expressway (Shanghai Section). The Group will devote greater efforts to its water services projects to increase its competitive edge, enhance operational efficiency and further optimize its capital structure, in order to promote the stable and rapid growth of the company s business.
As for the medicine business, the Group will closely monitor market trends in order to increase market share and profitability. Capitalizing on the opportunities in the restructuring of state-owned assets in Shanghai, the Group will also make effective dispositions to further consolidate its medicine resources and eliminate potential competition with its parent company. This is expected to create better synergy for the businesses and to seek for further breakthroughs.
On the consumer products business, the Group will endeavor to maintain its business growth momentum, strengthen its operations and expand its sales network. Such measures will help increase its level of profitability and ensure steady profit contribution and cash flow for the Group.
On the real estate business, the Group will step up its efforts in the planning and execution of its existing projects while seizing every opportunity to acquire premium real estate projects. The Group will also implement investment strategies to optimize its earnings structure and to build up a long-term and stable source of income that will contribute to the sustainable development of its real estate business.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our Shareholders and business partners for their continued support and patronage over the years, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their total dedication and invaluable contribution in the development of the 
Teng Yi Long 
