CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT SIGNIFICANT OPERATING PROFIT GROWTH ACHIEVED WITH STRINGENT 
I am pleased to report to our shareholders our results 
In 2014, the global economy changed rapidly. Due to obvious recessions in the economies in those regions and countries like Europe, Japan and Russia, etc.
as well as anticipated rises in US interest rates, the respective currencies fell strongly against the dollar.
The Chinese economy has entered into a new normal with adjustments in the real estate market, causing the economic environment to become volatile and difficult. Against this scenario, in accordance with the strategic targets established for the year and under the leadership of the Board and the management, the Group has actively promoted the integration of finance and business operation and strengthened the allocation of its resources in an innovative way. Such efforts have been able to optimize the asset structure of the Group, promote business cooperation and synergy among member companies and raise the level of its strategic control and internal monitoring capacity. As a result, the Group has been able to maintain steady and sustainable development for its core businesses and achieved considerable growth for its operating results.
For the year ended 31 December 2014, the Group realized net profits of HK$3,069 million, representing an increase of 13.6% over last year having benefitted from gains from the disposal of our entire equity interest in lot E of the Qingpu District in Shanghai. Total revenue amounted to HK$19,967 million, representing a decrease of 
The Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK45 cents (2013: HK45 cents) per share for 2014. Together with the interim dividend of HK45 cents (2013: HK42 cents) per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK90 cents (2013: HK87 cents) per share.
Throughout the year, the Group has maintained steady developments for its three core businesses. Of this, the toll roads segment maintained steady growth overall in toll revenue and traffic flow and generated strong cash flow for the Group with further enhancements in management. Profit from the water services business rose significantly due to profit contributions from the newly acquired projects. The scale of operation of the business has also expanded rapidly through efficient capital operation and integration and upgrades of assets and business. The infrastructure facilities business recorded profits of HK$1,140 million, representing a year- on-year increase of 12.3%.
The real estate business realized a net profit of HK$1,209 million, representing an increase of 63.8%, of which, gains of HK$1,191 million were recorded from the disposal of the Group s entire equity interest in lot E of the Qingpu District in Shanghai. During the year, the Group was committed to optimizing the asset structure of its real estate business, redistribute its regional planning and revitalize its assets in order to release the value of its land bank as well as to accelerate its property development. All such efforts have helped to create long-term profits for the Group.
The consumer products business continued to grow steadily with net profits reaching HK$1,079 million for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.7%. The sales volume, operating revenue and net profit of Nanyang Tobacco all realized satisfactory growth by focusing on high value-added products and effectively adjusting product mix; Wing Fat Printing continued to optimize its business structure, enhance its internal control and dedicated to enhance product quality and team building of its pulp moulding operations.
Development strategies for related businesses were pushed forward on schedule aimed at broadening its sources of earnings.
In 2014, the Group continued to capitalize on favorable market opportunities. A syndicated loan of HK$4,000 million, a club loan of US$300 million and a placement financing of S$158 million were successfully completed by the Group, SI Urban Development and SI Environment respectively to finance the Group s business development, optimize its capital structure and introduce strategic investors.
SUSTAINABLE GROWTH RECORDED IN INFRASTRUCTURE BUSINESS AND THE SCALE OF WATER SERVICES CONTINUES TO EXPAND With strong management initiatives, the Group achieved steady growth in overall traffic flow and toll revenue for its three quality expressways despite impacts from slow domestic macroeconomic growth, changes in the distribution of traffic flow of certain expressways and respective toll policies. During the year, the Group has been able to maintain a strong cash flow with profits at almost the same level as last year as taxation privilege enjoyed by Hu Ning Expressway was reduced. Operation and management of the expressways were further improved and better road maintenance and monitoring were introduced to ensure smooth traffic flow and enhance operational efficiency. The Group will continue to explore further opportunities to expand the scale of its investments in the toll roads business in order to strengthen the profitability of this core business.
The scale of the Group s water assets was also expanded. During the year, SI Environment announced its acquisition of a 25.3125% interest of Longjiang Environmental, which is one of the largest integrated operators of water supply and water discharge, for RMB405 million, on top of an existing interest of 16.7969% held by the Group, bringing an aggregate of 42.1094% controlling interest. The placement of new shares with proceeds of S$158 million was completed, and a group of independent investors were introduced. Taking into account contributions from SI Environment and General Water of China, the Group has been able to strengthen its overall production and operation of its water business, reaching a total daily operating capacity of over 11,470,000 tonnes. The Group will further expand the assets of its water investment and enhance its overall operational capability and market competitiveness.
The Group has also extended its business arena through Shanghai Galaxy, a 50:50 joint venture with SIIC Shanghai. During the year, Shanghai Galaxy continued to expand its investment in environmental clean energy projects. Following investments in the 50MW photovoltaic power station in Gaotai, Gansu and 100MW photovoltaic power station in Jiayuguan in the past year, Shanghai Galaxy actively engaged in this new scope of investments and further acquired new photovoltaic power projects in Gangcha County of Qinghai, Zhongwei City and Ningdong City of Ningxia and Yiwu Province of Xinjiang with 170MW in total this year.
RISING PROFITS FROM REAL ESTATE BUSINESS WHILE ASSET POTENTIAL CONTINUES TO BE REALIZED In 2014, the Company and SI Development completed the disposal of their entire interest in lot E of the Qingpu District to Shanghai City Land Group and its subsidiary, which generated a profit of approximately HK$1,191 million for the Group.
During the year, following the successful swapping of four pieces of land in Binjiang, Xuhui District in last year, SI Urban Development continued to revitalize its assets, prioritized the development of promising projects in the Yangtze River Delta area and coastal cities, introduced strategic partners and accelerated the development of projects. The Xinzhuang Metro Superstructure project, a key office and commercial project, has commenced operation in 2014. The Bingjiang U Center, which covers a large city complex for office, commercial, cultural and entertainment, is expected to finish planning review and approval soon and enter into the construction stage.
Upon completion, it will become a new city landmark for the Xuhui Binjiang district.
In September, SI Urban Development acquired ShanghaiMart project (with a total gross floor area of over 280,000 square meters) jointly established by Shanghai Hongqiao Economic & Technological Co., Ltd. in cooperation with Nan Fung group from an independent third party for a total consideration of US$579.30 million, in which SI Urban Development held a 51% interest. In 2014, SI Development successfully acquired a parcel of land in the Minhang District of Shanghai as well as the ShanghaiMart project, which represents an important step for the company to further consolidate its strategic presence in the city.
Furthermore, SI Urban Development disposed of 40% interest of the Beichen District project in Tianjin and its investments in Yanjiao, Hebei Province for a consideration of RMB366 million and RMB940 million in December 2014 and February 2015, respectively. As a result, its assets were further revitalized and its investments from non-strategic developments were further withdrawn.
During the year, SI Development successfully bid four land plots located at Jiading New Town in Shanghai and Yuhang District in Hangzhou, and introduced partners to strengthen risk aversion capability of the projects. In May 2014, SI Development and a subsidiary under SIIC, jointly contributed capital and set up a platform company in the Shanghai Free Trade Zone, in which SI Development holds a 38% interest, investing in the retirement sector, to invest in this new real estate development sector.
MAKING BREAKTHROUGHS IN CONSUMER PRODUCTS BUSINESS TO FURTHER IMPROVE 
In line with its three strategic goals of development of new products, expansion of markets and improvement in technology , Nanyang Tobacco has focused on cultivating high-value-added products, continued to improve equipment and technology to break through production bottlenecks and further reduce cost, enhance efficiency and develop new markets, thereby achieving steady growth in profit.
Wing Fat Printing has engaged itself to actively study plans for optimizing its business structure and entry to the new business area of pulp mold packaging industry, in accordance with its strategic development target to realize overall business transformation and upgrading. In June, Wing Fat Printing acquired a total of 100% equity interest of Wing Fat Molded Fiber (formally known as Shengli Medical) from a subsidiary of SIIC and an independent party at a consideration of RMB11.34 million to develop high-end pulp mold packaging business, improve product quality and enhance team building in order to break through business development constraints to create a new source of earnings growth.

Looking forward to 2015, given the downturn in both domestic and global real economies, the Group is still facing different challenges for its business development. To overcome this, the Group must take active measures to boost the integration of business operation and finance, push forward reforms and innovation, allocate resources from a broader perspective and further optimize its asset and business structure.
As for the infrastructure facilities business, we will acquire projects that are considered favorable for toll roads while for the infrastructure environment business, including water services, solid waste treatment and photovoltaic power generation, we will continue to expand our capital scale through effective financing channels, proceed steadily with our expansion plans and further strengthen our operations to enhance competitiveness.
For the real estate business, we will manage to optimize our asset and financial structures, make the best use of our funds and continue to revitalize our assets. We will steadily promote the development of projects under construction, accelerate the turnover of property inventory of completed buildings and determine the strategic positioning of development of commercial properties. We will also strengthen our cooperation with strategic partners and make better control of the development progress of our projects and closely monitor capital risk.
In the area of consumer products business, Nanyang Tobacco will continue to promote equipment upgrading, optimize its product structure, promote its brands, expand its markets and further enhance profitability. Wing Fat Printing needs to enhance its marketing work, improve the quality of pulp mold products and team building from a broader perspective and break through bottlenecks for its business development so as to achieve new areas for profit growth and to facilitate sustainable development in the business segment.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.

Hong Kong, 30 March 2015 
