ChaIrman s statement steaDy groWth of prInCIpal BusInesses anD satIsfaCtory aChIevements of strategIC 
I am pleased to report to our shareholders the results of the Group for 2015.
During the year, the global capital market remained volatile. The cycle of interest rate hikes in the US began, resulting in an outflow of capital from emerging markets and a significant slowdown of the economies in Europe, Japan and Asia-Pacific countries. Commodity prices including gold and oil plunged while a number of major currencies depreciated substantially against the US dollar. In the mainland, the economy has entered a new normal. The slowdown of the economic growth in the PRC, the adjustments of the Renminbi exchange rates and wider fluctuations of the stock markets in the PRC and Hong Kong have all brought about considerable challenges to the operation of enterprises. Despite this, the Group has continued to capitalize on financing activities for its business operations and seize market opportunities for expansion, in accordance with strategic targets established for the year and under the leadership of the Board and the management. The asset structure of the Group has also been enhanced through a number of financing and mergers and acquisitions activities. Through innovative ideas and actions, the Group has successfully entered new business arenas and created future drivers for profit growth. In addition, members of the Group have created further synergies and promoted integration among themselves, thereby improving their management strategies and enhancing internal control. As a result, the Group has been able to maintain steady and sustainable growth for its principal businesses and achieved satisfactory results.
For the year ended 31 December 2015, the Group recorded a total revenue of HK$19,694 million, representing a decrease of 7.7% compared with last year, and a realised net profit of HK$2,770 million, representing a decrease of 10.5% over last year. The decrease in profit was mainly due to higher non-recurring profit that resulted from the disposal of plot E in Qingpu District, Shanghai in 2014, versus profit contributions from the disposal of Yanjiao and Qi ao Island projects during the year.
The Board has recommended a final dividend of HK45 cents (2014: HK45 cents) per share for 2015. Together with the interim dividend of HK36 cents (2014: HK45 cents) per share paid during the year, total dividends for the year amounted to HK81 cents (2014: HK90 cents) per share.
In 2015, the Group has maintained steady development for its three core businesses. Toll roads business achieved efficient toll road management, and brought about increased traffic flow and steady revenue growth with a strong cash income. Through effective capital financing, the water services business continued to expand the size of its core business, strengthen its nationwide business network, optimise its assets and enhance profitability. The infrastructure facilities business recorded a profit of HK$1,080 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.3%, mainly due to an one-off non-recurring profit recorded in the last financial year.
For the real estate business, net profits amounted to HK$888 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 28.1%, mainly due to higher non-recurring profits recorded the year before. During the year, the Group strengthened its capital and enhanced its business through financing exercises in the capital market. Considerable efforts were made to revitalize the Group s assets in order to release the value of its land bank and to optimise its business structure and regional presence. In addition, the development of projects was accelerated, marketing efforts were strengthened and related emerging businesses were actively cultivated through leveraging on the strengths of its core business. All these efforts have become a new driving force for the Group s profitability growth in the long term.
The consumer products business continued to contribute significant earnings and cash flow with net profits reaching HK$1,048 million for the year, representing a year-on-year decrease of 2.8%. Nanyang Tobacco put greater efforts into the development of new products and technical upgrading. Despite a difficult external environment and complexities in the market, the company was able to meet its operational targets for the year and realise growth in net profit. Wing Fat Printing continued to increase cost control, streamline its business structure and tighten internal controls. In line with its development strategy and targets, the company has effectively pushed forward its molded fiber business and has been endeavouring to explore new sources for profit growth in the future.
In 2015, the Group continued to capitalize on favourable market opportunities. By way of the private placements of 335,523,659 shares to seven placees, SI Development successfully raised RMB3,902 million to finance its acquisition of a 100% equity interest in Shanghai Investment and a 61.48% equity interest in Longchuang Eco- energy. Such arrangements have enhanced the capital of SI Development and strengthened its core business, creating additional quality land bank for the company. Furthermore, the Company, SI Development and SI Urban Development obtained a number of syndicate loans and issued corporate bonds at favourable terms in the PRC and overseas respectively, building up a strong funding base for the business development of the Group and further optimising its capital structure.
steaDy groWth of InfrastruCture BusIness anD ContInuous eXpansIon of Water 
The Group owns three high-quality toll roads, all of which are the main roads in the northwest, southwest and west of Shanghai, which together contributed a toll revenue representing 32% of the total revenue from all roads in Shanghai.
Amid the slowdown of the real economy in the PRC and traffic divergence to a number of expressways during the year, the Group achieved steady overall growth in traffic flow and toll revenue and managed to maintain a strong cash position through different effective management measures. The Group will endeavour to explore further opportunities to expand the scale of its investments in toll roads business in order to enhance the profitability of its core business.
The Group will also continue to increase its investments in water service assets. During the year, SI Environment acquired a 92.15% equity interests in Fudan Water for a total consideration of RMB1,548 million. The acquisition, which was made by cash and issue of new shares by the company, has significantly strengthened SI Environment s competitive position in the industry as well as its nationwide network, increasing its water processing capacity by 20%. Taking into account contributions from SI Environment and General Water of China, the Group has been able to strengthen its overall production and operational capability, reaching a total daily processing capacity of over 13,000,000 tonnes as at the end of 2015.
As for new business arenas, Galaxy Energy, a 85%-owned subsidiary of Shanghai Galaxy, successfully acquired three photovoltaic power companies in Ningxia, Shanxi and Inner Mongolia with a total power generation capacity of 190MW, which, together with its existing 320MW capacity, brought the company s total photovoltaic power generation capacity to 510MW. With the gradual recovery of the photovoltaic industry in recent years and the promulgation by the Chinese government of a series of policies to regulate and support developments for the industry, Galaxy Energy is committed to further expand the size of its photovoltaic business and increase the return from its 
optImIseD asset struCture anD enhanCeD overall potentIal value of Its real estate 
Capitalizing on market opportunities during the year, SI Development issued approximately 335 million new shares to Shanghai Asset, five institutional investors and Cao Wenlong, the founder shareholder of Longchuang Eco-energy, respectively at a price of RMB11.63 per share, resulting in net proceeds of RMB3,902 million. Such funds have been utilised to finance the acquisition of a 100% equity interest in Shanghai Investment and a 61.48% equity interest in Longchuang Eco-energy. Shanghai Investment is engaged in property development in Shanghai, Suzhou and Shaoxing with a quality land bank. Longchuang Eco-energy is engaged in construction equipment consulting, design and engineering services and provision of integrated energy-saving solutions. Such acquisitions have helped to create synergies within SI Development s existing business and add value to the company.
By adopting the philosophy of combining Internet + to traditional businesses, SI Development has actively advocated the upgrading and transformation of its traditional business into related investments including, high technology, internet, energy saving and environmental protection as well as development of new materials in order to explore new drivers for the growth of its profitability.
During the year, SI Urban Development continued to revitalize its assets. In February 2015, an investment in Yanjiao, Hebei, was disposed of for a consideration of RMB940 million, achieving a disposal gain of RMB356 million. In December, another transaction was completed with an independent third party for the disposal of its Qi ao Island project in Zhuhai for a consideration of RMB3,100 million, resulting in a pre-tax profit of RMB1,028 million. In January 2016, the company disposed of its 35% equity interest in Longcheng Properties for a consideration of RMB1,668 million through its subsidiary, Shanghai Urban Development, by way of redemption of its shares in the Green Carbon Fund. Longcheng Properties is engaged in the development of the U Center project in Minhang District, Shanghai. A pre-tax profit of RMB933 million is expected to be generated from the disposal of its investments for Shanghai Urban Development.
strengtheneD BusIness founDatIon WIth ContInuous InnovatIons anD optImIseD BusIness struCture for Consumer proDuCts BusIness The year 2015 marked the 110th anniversary of the establishment of Nanyang Tobacco and was also a year in which Nanyang Tobacco consolidated its resources to enhance its strength. In the face of challenges brought about by the transformation of the PRC macro-economy, decrease in sales in the tobacco industry and escalating raw material prices, Nanyang Tobacco overcame such difficulties by adhering to its operational policies of controlling size, adjusting structure, maintaining performance and developing brands . Considerable efforts were made to expand new markets and develop new products, and continue to promote technical upgrading to improve performance. As a result, satisfactory results were recorded and its operational targets for the year were met, with satisfactory growth in 
Facing domestic policies for the tobacco and wine package industry, Wing Fat Printing was able to maintain its gross profit margin through lowering cost and adjusting its business structure. In line with its strategic goals, measures were taken to drive the development of the molded fiber business. In June, the company made its investment in the yellow molded fiber packaging box business through the acquisition of a 70% equity interest in Qingdao Huiyu for a consideration of RMB56 million. In November, Wing Fat Printing commenced the construction and expansion of its production facilities for high-end products in Hua County, Henan and Jiangyan, Jiangsu respectively to develop and produce high-end molded fiber products in order to seek and meet orders from big high-end customers. The company s molded fiber business ran smooth and new sources for profit growth were explored. In the coming year, the Group will strive to develop new business of molded fiber packaging, actively improve product quality and enhance team building in order to break through business development constraints and to create new sources for future earnings growth.

Looking forward to 2016, the PRC economy is entering a new normal and the real economy will continue to show a downward trend. The Renminbi is expected to face a strong pressure for depreciation as the US dollar continues to appreciate. All these factors will create considerable risks for the capital market. In addition, the Group is still facing different challenges for its future growth. Nevertheless, as the central Chinese government has actively pushed forward reforms on the supply side of the economy, the Group should seize such opportunities by coordinating resource allocation in a comprehensive and effective manner, continue to reinforce the joint efforts of financing and business operation, adhere to reforms and renovations and further optimise its assets and business structure.
As for the infrastructure business, SI Environment will strive to maintain stable growth in its results performance and facilitate the steady expansion of its assets and size in areas including water services, solid waste treatment and photovoltaic power generation through effective financing channels, while exploring new business areas and optimising its business structure. For toll roads, the Group will acquire suitable projects as and when opportunities 
For the real estate business, the Group will continue to revitalize its assets and optimise its business structure and regional presence. The pace of development of its projects will be carefully monitored while the quality of the projects under construction will be maintained at high standards. In addition, the sale of completed projects will be accelerated. The Group will also continue to improve the operational efficiency for property investment assets, optimize assets and financial structure while leveraging on the strengths of its core businesses and making use of Internet + to expand the size of its new business. New operational methods will be introduced and efforts will be made for the development of property finance, property assets and financial investment, to seek further extension of the business chain and to enhance potential for future profit growth.
In the area of consumer products business, Nanyang Tobacco will continue to promote equipment upgrading to maintain its leading position on technical renovation. Relevant research and development goals will be established, product structure will be optimised, its brand value will be promoted and its markets will be expanded. Efforts will be made to strengthen its internal management, maintaining cost control, preventing exchange rate risks and further enhancing profitability. Wing Fat Printing will enhance its marketing capability for traditional-packaging business, extensively enhance and consolidate the quality of its molded fiber products and team building. It will also endeavour to develop new business of molded fiber packaging so as to break through the constraints of its business development, creating new sources of profit and improving its returns on investment.
Finally, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our shareholders and business partners for their continued patronage and support to the Group, and extend my sincere gratitude to our management team and staff members for their dedication and contributions in the development of our business.

Hong Kong, 31 March 2016 
