Chairman s Statement Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2011 was a challenging, yet an exciting year for REORIENT. The financial services industry has undergone extensive change since the global financial crisis. The Group sees the need to provide the markets with an alternative approach, one that is more innovative, flexible and nimble and can best cater for the needs of countries, new markets, corporations and investors.
After more than two years of restructuring, the Group successfully completed this process on 9 August 2011 and resumed trading on 10 August 2011. The resumption of trading was the first of many steps aimed at transforming the Group into a global market force. With a revived platform, the Group s vision is to build a Hong Kong-based global financial services firm that will serve as a bridge between Chinese and Asian companies and their investors and Western counterparts.
Western entities have been actively investing in China since Chinese paramount leader Deng Xiaoping opened the country to foreign investment and activity in the 1970s. With the relative strength of business in China, the weak dollar, the Eurozone crisis and the significant number of distressed businesses in the U.S. and in Europe, we believe that now more than ever is the time for China to Go Out and invest in the West. Going Out is a prioritized strategy for state-owned enterprises ( SOEs ) in the 12th Five Year Plan. China has the appetite to acquire strategic foreign assets which include resources, commodities and technology. Moreover, the country has the funds and the reserves to do so. The Group is well positioned to serve and support such a mission.
REORIENT has established a joint venture with China Chengtong Asset Management Corporation ( CCT Asset Management ) that allows the Group to gain access to SOE assets and potential deal flows. China Chengtong Holdings Group Limited ( CCT ) is the holding company of CCT Asset Management. CCT is an indirect shareholder of the Company which holds a 20% shareholding of Gainhigh Holdings Limited, the substantial shareholder of the Company.
CCT Asset Management is principally engaged in managing and operating state-owned assets. CCT is mandated by the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council of the PRC ( SASAC ) as a state-owned asset operating company and thus it is a primary platform under SASAC for SOE restructuring. CCT has more than one hundred subsidiaries which operate and manage an asset pool of approximately RMB70 billion. It continues receiving assets from SASAC. We intend to leverage on the resources of CCT, our capital markets expertise and our extensive international clientele to provide strategies, access to capital market funds and value added services to our partners, clients and investors.
Since the resumption of trading of the Company s shares, the Group has established itself as a force in both equity sales and trading and investment banking. As at the end of 31 December 2011, we have added eight high caliber institutional sales traders and have begun to establish a global client network of institutional investors, listed companies and sovereign wealth funds. By building a solid global client network, the Group can better connect East and West.
We have also added two research analysts. Instead of publishing stock-specific reports, our research focuses more on macro themes and on providing insights into China s sectors and policies. As the world becomes more in tune with the subtle nuances of the Chinese markets, the need for alternative research abilities arises.
Through our network within and outside China, the Group will offer a unique approach on the research side.
In the investment banking area, the Group has hired nine experienced corporate finance advisors and bankers to provide services. The Group s investment banking services unit is taking a multi-disciplinary approach offering clients comprehensive, creative solutions to achieve their objectives in the form of IPOs, M&A transactions, capital raisings, restructurings, takeovers, privatizations and other areas.
In 2011, we revived the Group from liquidation, resumed trading of the Company s shares on the Stock Exchange and began building up our global financial services platform. The Group is pleased to have received support and trust from our management, employees, partners, clients, shareholders, stakeholders and investors. On behalf of the board of directors of the Company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude and appreciation to them. Our will and determination to grow the Group is as strong as ever, we see many exciting opportunities ahead of us. In 2012, the Group will continue to expand its platform to offer other financial products, markets and services. Everyone in our Group shares the same dream and is committed to serve our clients and investors with competency, humility and integrity. We look forward to your continued support in the 
Ko Chun Shun, Johnson 
