Independent Auditor s Report TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF ASIA TELEMEDIA LIMITED (In Liquidation) (incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability) REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS We were engaged to audit the consolidated financial statements of Asia TeleMedia Limited (in Liquidation) (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) set out on pages 7 to 59, which comprise the consolidated and the Company s statements of financial position as at 31 December 2010, and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and a summary of significant accounting policies and other explanatory information.
Directors responsibility for the financial statements The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the HKICPA ) and the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
Appointment of the Joint and Several Liquidators A winding-up petition against the Company was filed on 5 June 2007, and a winding-up order was made by the High Court of Hong Kong (the Court ) on 18 March 2008. The trading in the Company s shares on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) has been suspended since 18 March 2008. Messers Edward Simon Middleton and Patrick Cowley were appointed as the Joint and Several Liquidators of the Company (the Liquidators ) on 14 January 2009, pursuant to an Order of the Court. Further explained in note 2 to the financial statements, the Liquidators have been obliged to prepare these financial statements on the basis of the books and records which came into their possession following their appointment.
Auditor s responsibility Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 141 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
Except for the inability to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence as explained below, we conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing issued by the HKICPA. Those standards require that we comply with ethical requirements and plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the consolidated financial statements are free from material misstatements. Because of the matter described in the basis for disclaimer of opinion paragraphs, however, we were not able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis for an 
REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Basis for disclaimer of opinion 1. Prior year audit scope limitations affecting opening balances The auditor s report on the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2009 were also qualified in respect of limitations of audit scope similar to those described in sub-paragraphs (2) to (4) below. Any adjustments to these comparative amounts may have a consequential effect on the balance of accumulated losses of the Group and the Company as at 1 January 2010, the profit for the year ended 31 December 2010 and related disclosures in these financial statements.
2. Completeness of information A winding-up order was made against the Company on 18 March 2008 and the Liquidators were appointed on 14 January 2009. The Liquidators only have access to the books and records of the Company that were left behind by the directors and management of the Company for the purpose of preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Accordingly, the Liquidators could not provide us any written representations. In consequence, we were unable to carry out auditing procedures necessary to obtain adequate assurance regarding the assets, liabilities, income and expenses appearing in the financial statements. There were no satisfactory audit procedures that we could adopt to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the accuracy and completeness of the assets, liabilities, income and expenses of the Company and of the Group, and the adequacy of disclosures in these financial 
3. Loss of accounting records The consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of the Company contain financial information of the representative offices located in Beijing and Shenzhen (the PRC representative offices ). The PRC representative offices were closed and the accounting records could not be retrieved. As a consequence, we were unable to obtain all information that we required in relation to our audit and were also unable to carry out other satisfactory auditing procedures that we considered necessary to obtain adequate assurance regarding assets, liabilities and profit or loss contributed by the PRC representative offices for the year and the adequacy of disclosures in these financial statements. In the current year, no amount is contributed from assets and profit or loss of the PRC representative offices. Liabilities contributed by the PRC representative offices amounting to HK$1,936,000 have been included in other payables and accrued charges in the financial statements, of which we could not carry out satisfactory auditing procedures in the current year.
Any adjustments to the above balances would affect the net liabilities of the Group and the Company as at 31 December 2010 and the profit for the year then ended.
REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Basis for disclaimer of opinion (Continued) 4. Directors emoluments We were unable to carry out auditing procedures necessary to obtain adequate assurance regarding directors emoluments as set out in note 11 to the financial statements. This is not in accordance with the requirements of Section 161A of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
Material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis As explained in note 2 to the financial statements, the Company submitted a resumption proposal on 17 December 2010 (updated on 25 March 2011) and subsequently amended by a written submission to the Stock Exchange on 31 March 2011 (together the Resumption Proposal ). By a letter dated 1 April 2011, the Stock Exchange informed the Company that it was allowed to proceed with the Resumption Proposal, subject to prior compliance with the conditions to the satisfaction of Listing Division within six months from the date of the Stock Exchange s letter. These conditions are explained in note 2 to the financial statements.
As at 31 December 2010, the Group and the Company had net current liabilities of approximately HK$107,639,000 and HK$123,206,000 respectively, had deficiency of shareholders funds of approximately HK$107,091,000 and HK$117,954,000 respectively and had a consolidated profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$2,510,000 and a loss of HK$5,577,000 for the year then ended, respectively. These conditions indicate the existence of a material uncertainty which may cast significant doubt on the Group s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis on the assumption that the Resumption Proposal will be successfully completed and that in the foreseeable future and the financial position of the Group will be substantially improved as all liabilities of the Company will be discharged through the implementation of a scheme to be proposed by the Company under Section 166 of the Companies Ordinance of Hong Kong (the Scheme ).
The financial statements do not include any adjustments which would result from a failure to complete the Resumption Proposal and to approve the Scheme by the Company s Scheme Creditors and the Court; and other approvals to be obtained from shareholders, the Court and the Hong Kong regulatory authorities.
If the Resumption Proposal could not be completed, further adjustments might have to be made to reduce the value of assets to their recoverable amount, to provide for any further liabilities which might arise and to reclassify non-current assets and liabilities to current assets and liabilities respectively. We consider that appropriate disclosures have been made accordingly. However, in view of the extent of the uncertainties relating to the completion of the Resumption Proposal as at the end of the reporting period, we disclaim our opinion in respect of material uncertainty relating to the going concern 
REPORT ON THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Disclaimer of opinion Because of the significance of the matter described in the Basis for disclaimer of opinion and the Material uncertainty relating to the going concern basis as described above, we have not been able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide a basis of an audit opinion. Accordingly, we do not express an opinion on the financial statements. In all other respects, in our opinion the financial statements have been properly prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong 
REPORT ON MATTERS UNDER SECTIONS 141(4) AND 141(6) OF THE HONG KONG 
In respect alone of the inability to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence as set out in the basis for disclaimer of opinion paragraphs of this report: We have not obtained all the information and explanations that we considered necessary for the purpose of our 
We were unable to determine whether proper books of accounts have been kept; and We have not received proper returns adequate for our audit from representative offices not visited by us.
Graham H.Y. Chan & Co.
Certified Public Accountants (Practising) Unit 1, 15F, The Center, 99 Queen s Road Central, 
3 June 2011 