Ceo s statement The year 2015 represents an important milestone for Reorient Group (the Group ). In May 2015, investors led by Yunfeng Financial Holdings Limited ( YFHL ) agreed to inject approximately HK$3.9 billion of fresh equity capital into the Group. The transaction was completed in November, and on completion YFHL gained control of 55.97% of the enlarged share capital the Company. Under the full support of YFHL, the retail business segment of the Group is setting its sights on the long-term objective of developing and becoming the operator of the industry s preeminent fin-tech based personalised wealth management services platform ultimately the first-choice wealth management platform for customers in China to reach the global markets, and for global markets and customers to enter China. At the same time, the long-term objective for the Group s corporate finance business segment is to become the advisor of choice for onshore Chinese corporates expanding into offshore capital markets or considering M&A activities.
For the Group, the capital investment by YFHL has brought not only new capital, but also new and exciting business prospects, visions and strategies.
For our employees, this investment has meant new developments horizons and platform; for our customers, this is the beginning of a brand-new service experience. And, for all our shareholders, we see continuous value creation with new opportunities.
Our vision for the future of wealth management services is forged from our understanding of the China market. With their rich experience in the Chinese consumer e-commerce market, and their extensive business networks, YFHL and its shareholders understand the uniqueness of the China market, and the demands, potential markets, consumption patterns, and wealth management needs of our target customers. This gives our Group a unique vantage point. Added to this, one of the key objectives of the policies in the Thirteenth Five-year Plan of the Central Government in China is comprehensive establishment of a moderately prosperous society in China. In the long-run, we see incomes and personal wealth of mainland Chinese (especially upper middle class to high net worth individuals) increasing gradually, which, combined with the irreversible internationalization of the RMB, will generate enormous demands for premium wealth management services.
To implement these strategies, we are: (i) continuing to optimise and rationalise the Group s business lines, staffing and financial assets portfolio; (ii) increasing capacities in existing businesses and further upskilling in brokerage, investment banking and financial advisory, asset allocation, wealth management and risk management solutions; (iii) utilising the internet and big data technologies, and cross border resources accessed through the shareholders of YFHL; and (iv) acquiring and initiating opportunities that provide synergies for wealth management businesses, financial technologies, as well as our 
In the few short months since the capital injection, initial progress and results have been swift, including: seamless transition from old to new management structures, further recruit of core management team members, rationalising non-core business segments, scheduled disposal of non-core financial assets, building of a infrastructure and product development team (currently around 30 strong and fully in operation). The Group s inaugural product, a mobile securities trading application ( Majik Wealth or Je[ ), recently debuted in the Alipay Red Packet Segment e N [ } S ;m R during CCTV s Spring Festival Gala for the Year of the Monkey -N .YS4st%f{oakZfg initiating the product s mass brand-building through the age-old tradition of handing out red packets. The Group has also seized the opportunity provided by the latest supplement to the mainland and Hong Kong Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement (CEPA), to establish a joint venture securities company in China, committing an initial RMB 430 million on execution of the joint venture agreement, and now pursuing a regulatory license application procedures in the hope that the joint venture may obtain the requisite license within 
2016 sets the stage for the Group s new business strategies. From our solid foundations, implementation of the Group s business plans will be done through meticulous and orderly execution and planning continuing core infrastructure and systems enhancements, and tightening Group corporate governance. Meanwhile, we will pay close attention to external economic changes. Since 2015, global economic conditions have been in turmoil. With unexpected changes to the RMB exchange rate, initiation of a US interest rate hike cycle and a continuing oil slump, we are expecting to see continuing downward pressures on the Chinese economy and regional political uncertainties well into 2016. This gloomy and unpredictable New Normal economic status quo will bring new challenges and opportunities alike. But, with the Group s current cash-rich and zero-debt balance sheet, the Group is well-positioned for these challenges and opportunities.
We firmly believe the downward pressures on China s economy represent an inevitable step in a broader structural adjustment. We are optimistic in the long- term healthy development of China s economy.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to the Group s staff for their dedication and hard work, and their persistent support for the customers of the Group. I sincerely thank all our shareholders for their trust and support.

Chief Executive Officer Hong Kong, 18 February 2016 