ChAIRmAn’s AnD Ceo’s stAtement
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
With a strong close to the 2014 calendar year,
Reorient has provided proof of concept for the
unique approach to investment banking that
we launched in 2011. We reversed two years
of losses with a solid performance and profit.
In our year-end reviews for 2012 and 2013, we
detailed the build-out of our execution platform.
These efforts have been rewarded with solid
and diverse sources of revenue during 2014.
2014 was a strong year for China’s equity
markets, which turned in the best performance
of any of the world’s major equity markets.
China’s reform program accompanied by
necessary monetary easing won a clear vote of
confidence from the Chinese investing public
as well as global money managers. Reorient
benefited both from the increased appetite of
Chinese firms for business expansion as well
as global demand for Chinese assets. The firm
originated a number of high-profile transactions
within China and overseas, and concluded the
year with profits derived from a diversified
base of business.
Two of Reorient’s verticals contributed
substantially to consultancy and advisory
revenue: Investment Banking and Corporate
Finance. Principal positions in equity received
as compensation for origination, banking
services and advisory work were the largest
contributor to revenue. Reorient has and will
continue to align the firm’s interest with our
banking customers by taking a portion of fees
in the form of equity. Notable among the
merchant banking transactions were Kuangchi
Science (HK 439) and Frontier Services (HK
500). They reflect the reach and diversity of
our business. Kuangchi, a high-tech research
firm, has developed near-space technologies
that could transform broadband transmission.
Frontier Services offers secure logistics to
Chinese and other firms in Africa and other
frontier-market regions.
The performance of Reorient’s merchant
banking fund containing our investments
in companies we served contributed the
preponderance of the firm’s 2014 earnings.
Although a large contribution came from our
investment in Kuangchi, substantial gains were
recorded from several other investments, again
reflecting the diversity of our business.
Reorient’s Investment Banking division
participated in several high-profile transactions
during 2014. We acted as the sole advisor to
the House of Fraser, a British department store
chain, in its acquisition by Sanpower Group
(Nanjing Cenbest). We advised ChinaVision on
its acquisition by Alibaba. In addition, we acted
as advisor in Southwest Securities’ acquisition
of Tanrich, a Hong Kong-listed securities firm.
The House of Fraser transaction was the
largest-ever acquisition of a foreign firm in
the retail space by a Chinese privately-owned
enterprise. We anticipate that the environment
for Chinese M&A activity will improve
through 2015, as state-as well as privately-
owned enterprises increase their appetite
for acquisitions. A challenging regulatory
environment during 2014 made Chinese
managers cautious about acquisitions in 2014.
With the strong rise in Chinese stock market
capitalization, the volume of M&A activity
should increase substantially. We will continue
to position the firm to take advantage of these
trends.
2014 was a difficult year for equity sales and
trading globally. One of Asia’s largest equity
brokers closed its business with several
thousand redundancies. Reorient was no
exception to the general rule. Institutional Sales
and Trading lagged the firm’s other verticals.
We anticipate, however, that increased two-
way flows between China and global markets
will create new opportunities in this space.
We have qualified as a member of the second
group of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect
market participants, an important opportunity
to participate in growing cross-border flows.
The market for RMB financial products both
in China and overseas will grow rapidly in
response to financial market reforms. This will
lead to a steady increase in market volume
and participants thus augmenting trading
opportunities and increasing the need and
opportunity for RMB products. We view the
Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect as a
very significant step in the future of China’s
participation in global markets. This cross
border multi-currency trading facility represents
the largest opening of a capital account
(China’s) since the introduction of the Euro
in 1999. It reflects heightened confidence
in China’s economy and financial system.
Reorient is positioned to benefit from these
structural changes, with a New York branch
now established and the addition of two
additional senior equity trading professionals.
As importantly, we aim to leverage the China
reform momentum to build out our asset
management platform on a major scale offering
a variety of equity and fixed income products
to both Chinese and foreign investors. China’s
asset management industry has only recently
begun to regain the momentum it lost after
the 2007 disappointment with the then
postponement of the “through-train” program.
It has also suffered from a lack of diversity
of investment products. Reorient Asset
Management aims to the opportunity presented
by the development of new RMB products and
the demand for such products by foreign and
local institutions.
We begin 2015 with a promising deal pipeline,
a robust platform, and a dedicated enthusiastic
team of professionals committed to enhancing
shareholder value.

Sincerely,
Ko Chun Shun, Johnson 
Chairman and Executive Director 
Brett McGonegal
CEO and Executive Director
Hong Kong, 23 January 2015