CEO’s Statement
Year 2016 was a year of twists and turns for the global
economy. To the Company, it was a year of making
suitable readjustment, strengthening its foundation,
continuing with innovation and sailing against the
wind. Building on its accomplishments in year 2016,
each line of business of the Company became more
sophisticated and together offered a well-balanced,
diversified and one-stop service. This laid a foundation
for the Company’s long term development strategy.
In year 2017, the Company’s goal will continue to
be building a leading Asia focused investment and
financing platform. The Company will keep abreast
of changes in our concerned industries, boost our
core businesses’ competiveness, enhance the user
experience of our products, thus providing better
financial services to more clients.
A defined direction amidst
uncertainties
The world is ever changing and year 2016 was no
exception. Last year, there were a number of “black
swan” events such as the increase in volatility of the
global financial market, suspension in growth and
subsequent growth of the economy and change in
direction of policies from currency focused to fiscal
focused. The economy is struggling to recover and this
poses not just new threats but also new opportunities.
Against this background, Chinese and some other
economies are still doing well and bringing hope to
the global economy. This includes the progressive
implementation of the Belt and Road initiative, the
increased interaction between China and Asian
markets, and the inclusion of renminbi currency in
the Special Drawing Rights basket as an international
currency. All these help to open up capital markets.
The increased interaction with the rest of the world
in 2016 was a turning point for Chinese enterprises’
overseas strategy; the focus of enterprises changed
from exporting products to exporting capital and there
were attempts of strategic mergers and technical
breakthroughs, all of which set the scene for
establishing a cross border business. In this process,
Hong Kong remains a bridgehead for mainland China
to connect with the global market as well as a key
region where capital exports and overseas mergers
take place. The Company will make full use of its
geographical location to assist Chinese enterprises
understand and move into the global market, as
illustrated by its vision “Established in Hong Kong,
Connecting China with the world”.
In view of the current economic situation, individuals
are also experiencing unprecedented changes. In
the financial sector, FinTech started to emerge in
the United States, China and other countries and
developed rapidly in different ways. The development
of FinTech/financial technology allowed the interaction
between individuals themselves and between
individuals and corporates to go beyond physical
contact, and this is transforming the way we live
and how we invest. FinTech stimulated a shift in
the investor landscape whereby “inclusive finance”
targeting ordinary individual investors has already
developed into a huge market. Private banks are also
making a change. There are still opportunities in the
market, for example there is still a lack of provision of
tailor made products for the middle class. Given how
the Company positions itself, the Company invests
heavily in financial technology and is dedicated to
create a professional and convenient one-stop service
financial services platform.
Looking back at 2016
Year 2016 marked the Company’s completion of its
strategy planning and technical platform building.
Combining our knowledge and experience in the
internet business and the financial field, the Company
has completed the setting up of its five lines of
business, namely securities trading, employees’
shareholding service, wealth management, investment
research and corporate finance. Further to the
introduction and upgrading works done in 2016, all five
lines of business are now on-line and synchronised.
In 2016, the Company launched its first end-user
software on mobile devices designed for securities
trading clients, “Youyu Stock”, and has invested
substantial resources in improving it. The software
has since been upgraded from version 1.0 to version
1.8 offering new functions including streamlined online
transactions, real-time market information inquiry
system and data analysis tools which enhanced users’
experience significantly.
In 2016, the Company established a new line of
business, employees’ shareholding service. This is one
of our core businesses which sets us apart from other
financial institutions and gives us a competitive edge.
This line of business offers a tailor-made employee
equity management system based on corporate clients’
actual needs. In 2016, the employees’ shareholding
service has gone online with a strong back-end
support system. A number of breakthroughs have been
made in streamlining the processing and cross-selling
this service with our other products. The service offers
immense convenience to corporates and the Company
has already secured its first batch of clients in the first
year.
The Company’s wealth management line of business
also made substantive progress in 2016. After having
analysed the global financial market, we shortlisted
and connected with over 50 international top grade
fund managers and added closed to 10,000 funds to
our database. In 2016, we completed developing and
testing version 1.0 of our end-user software on mobile
devices and carefully selected 145 funds as its first
batch of products.
Our wealth management business has also made
substantive progress offline. In end-2016, we
successfully issued our first private equity fund of
fund product designed for professional investors. We
partner with top grade private equity fund managers
who invest in the commercial real estate debt
market and the private direct lending market in the
United States which we believe are good investment
opportunities. We have successfully locked in a
handful of rare investment targets and have received
numerous subscriptions by different categories of
investors including professional institutional investors,
small and medium sized enterprises investors, and
high net worth individual investors. We expect to
receive investment returns which are better than the
market’s overall performance. This project not only
demonstrated our market power and competitive edge
in selecting financial products in the global market
but also provided actual market experience in issuing
a Yunfeng financial product thus showcasing our
capabilities in building a leading financial platform in
Asia.
Our corporate finance team provided advisory services
to 30 corporate clients during the year. We believe
that there will still be a large number of such capital
market demands in the future as a result of corporate
development in mainland China and Hong Kong. We
are committed to provide listing and merger support
as well as financing and consultancy services to our
client. Our corporate finance team will also use its
experience and connection to provide support to the
Company’s other lines of business.
Our investment research business has completed
building its team in the second half of 2016 and
provides support to our other lines of business in a
number of areas including investment decision making,
research and analysis, and investment education
and training. With the high quality analysis reports
and featured research articles, our research team’s
influence in the market has significantly increased.
Within a few months of its launch, our corporate
WeChat public platform account which contains
contents contributed by our investment research team
has become one of the most popular professional
financial WeChat public platform accounts.
In 2016, we have also completed the official renaming
of our group. “Yunfeng Financial”, as the Company’s
new name used on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
and other platforms, has an enhanced brand
recognition and corporate image.
The Company has formed a solid employee base in
2016 by increasing the number of staff to over 220, out
of which the number of technical development experts
has multiplied compared with the previous year. Our
technical development experts provide invaluable
support to our business and product development. At
present, the Company has hired the top notch talents
in the FinTech field. Through their technical skill,
knowledge, experience and deep understanding of
the operation of financial technology, they are here to
enhance the quality of financial products.
Looking forward to 2017
We will continue to upgrade our products by using our
knowledge in the internet and financial businesses.
We will make the best use of online technology in the
provision of financial services, as well as our overseas
wealth management experience in asset management.
As far as our lines of business are concerned, apart
from business development, we will focus on building
a unique brokerage service and completing our multiplatform
trading system and value added services
projects. At the same time, we will enhance our
uniqueness and product user experience and will
prevent ourselves from falling into the commission
trap. The Company will make the best use of our
wealth management expertise, and select the best
fund managers in the world and identify sought after
products. As part of our plan, we will launch new
functions on our investment application. Against
the background of Hong Kong being a leading
financial centre, our corporate finance business will
reallocate the Company’s shareholder resources
and assist Chinese enterprises to go global in the
areas of listing and mergers. The Company will
expand its employees’ shareholding service business
by promoting it to corporate clients. With regard to
technology development, we will commit to placing
resources in this area to streamline account opening,
funds transfer, transaction processing and investment
advisory processes.
In 2016, we have reached a number of milestones. In
2017, we will promote our several lines of business
to the market by using cross selling effects, Yunfeng
Financial’s shareholder’s expertise in financial
technology and big data, and cross-border resources.
On the other hand, to realise the development
strategy of the Group, different course of corporate
plan will be considered including through acquisition
or self-developed projects related to personal wealth
management business, financial technology and other
projects having synergic impact on our the existing
business lines. As a result, the Company has kept
abreast of market opportunities and has also been
examining the feasibility of different projects (including
acquisition project) and the strategic cooperation
with other companies. We anticipate that 2017 will
be a difficult year due to the uncertainty in the global
economy and China’s rapid economic downturn.
However, we will as a team embrace the changes
ahead. We believe that top notch companies and
individuals will flourish no matter how challenging is
the situation. We hereby express our heartfelt gratitude
to our shareholders and partners for their support and
trust.
Li Ting
Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 28 March 2017