Chairman s and CEO s Statement Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2012 was a watershed year for Reorient. As the first full operating year for Reorient closes, the business has established two primary verticals in investment banking and institutional equity sales and trading. Reorient will look to augment both business lines in the first half of 2013 as well as establish a third vertical focused on asset management. 2013 will offer many opportunities for Reorient to establish accretive complementary business 
The second half of 2012 saw strong growth of revenues from the sales and trading business as Reorient was able to secure and bolster infrastructure facilities. Trading turnover increased in all four of our major markets (Hong Kong, Japan, Australia and Singapore). The increased exposure and continuously growing brand recognition have resulted in more world-class money managers opening accounts. This trend will continue and we expect to reach an inflection point late in the first half of 2013 with the approvals of US and UK licenses.
Investment banking is set to see several deal closings in the first six months of 2013 and deal flow will increase substantially as new bankers and a maturing platform aid expansion.
In the first six months of 2013, we will roll out expanded equity market offerings. Sales and trading capabilities in four additional major markets will be made available in Korea, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia. Such diversification responds to client demand and offers increased revenue opportunities.
Reorient s direction and business focus are clearly defined and we have been able to increase headcount and services to our customers. Headcount at the end of 2012 stood at 65. In 2013, we will look for highly qualified additions both in banking and trading at a time when the candidate pool is deep and growing, with a keen eye on the cost-benefit equation of expansion. Mainly, we anticipate increased headcount outside of Hong Kong as our growing China business requires increased staff in Beijing and the expected receipt of US and UK licenses dictates posting of employees in those market centers. Our first half of 2013 assumption is for a 20% increase 
We remain optimistic about the performance of global markets in 2013 and are confident that business levels will continue to grow as a result of the impending global rotation out of fixed income into equities. China will soon finalize the transition of power and remaining uncertainties about China s future course and direction will dissipate. We expect that the new leaders taking over the reins of government in March will continue expand the reform program for the economy and markets pursued by the outgoing leaders and will, in particular, be quick to make their mark in opening financial markets and reforms. We are prepared to play our role in this process to the benefit and advantage of our global customers. We also recognize that Japan is one of the focal markets in Asia and will prove to be a large revenue driver for Reorient. We are well-positioned to help global managers get the most informed exposure to Japan.
To briefly expand further on Reorient s China business, we regard China as our home market and will demonstrate this through expanded manpower and attention to our Beijing office. As our partnership with CCT continues to develop, we look to complement our China product with a corporate access product. Distinguished corporate access is powerful in the institutional community. The insight our customers will gain allows them to perform at a high level in relation to China. The product will also help us in our continuing brand building 
We are excited with the opportunities ahead of us. With the outlook of 2013 looking more promising, we will continue to build and grow the company leveraging the strong platform that we have formed in 2012. We, on behalf of the Board of Directors, would like to take this opportunity to extend our sincere gratitude to every shareholder, partner, client, investor, management and employee. We look forward to your continued support.

Johnson Ko Brett McGonegal 
Hong Kong, 5 February 2013 