Chairman s and CEO s Statement Dear Fellow Shareholders: 2013 was a pivotal year for The REORIENT Group (the Group ). The Institutional Sales and Trading business and the Investment Banking platform have sufficiently matured for the Group to transition from the building phase to the execution stage. Our bespoke model gives us flexibility in responding to client demands across divisions and asset classes.
The synergies between the Institutional Sales and Trading and the Investment Banking platforms were highlighted at the end of the fourth quarter when the two verticals partnered in cross-selling, closing a unique M&A deal and executing two successful capital raises for Hong Kong listed companies. Corporate Finance is poised to build on a good closing quarter in 2013 and expand the scalable financial advisory business in the first half of 2014.
The Group overall moves into the first half of 2014 with good momentum and remains focused on building a global brand. We discussed in our 2013 mid-year update the desire to obtain a license in the US to connect to the large US based capital pool. This aim has largely been achieved. We were approved for our USA FINRA broker dealer license in late September 2013. We will soon begin a marketing foray to the US East Coast centers featuring our research presentation on the transformation of the Chinese economy. We also plan to distribute daily research in the US and solicit and execute transactions with US-domiciled funds and money managers. REORIENT Financial Markets (USA) LLC will be headquartered in New York City and plans to open in April 2014.
The Group continues to build out the four verticals of the business and has added four highly qualified and widely recognized employees since August 2013. We have hired a Head of Americas with 30 years of cross- asset class experience and expect to place a handful of employees in New York City. Additionally, we have hired a Head of Strategy for the Investment Banking group and added two people to Institutional Sales and Trading; one a senior former buy-side trader, the other an analyst from a top tier global bank. Our overall headcount has remained static with 65 employees as at December 31, 2013. We have managed turnover to maximize productivity per job profile. We plan to remain true to our headcount philosophy of building deliberately and having solid revenue coverage per employee.
While continuing to incur losses in the amount of HK$87.4 million in 2013, a decrease of HK$8.9 million over the prior year, we achieved revenue growth on a year over year comparison of 66%, while costs increased at a lower rate of 20%. We aim to continue this trend through 2014. Revenue generation by region was diversified and is indicative of our global business reach. We had a balanced mix of revenue spread across Asia in the Sales and Trading business. Our platform s broad base allows us to take advantage of hot markets (Japan 2013), while also continuing to diversify into other regional markets (2013 South Korea, Malaysia, Indonesia, 
The Investment Banking deal pipeline is healthy and diversified geographically. We are focused on deals which offer potentially reoccurring revenue streams, as well as early mover advantage leading to increased flow. We advised on the acquisition of an Africa-based logistics and aviation services business by a Hong Kong-listed company; bringing a reputable team with a proven track record to the acquiring company s management.
Through this transaction, we positioned ourselves as one of the early movers in advising on China-Africa deal flow. With an estimated US$1 trillion dollars to be invested by China in Africa over the next 10 years, opportunities in this sector abound. Additionally, we have diversified our deal pipeline away from a heavily ChinaSoutheast Asia weighted product mix to a more global one to pursue opportunities in Australia, Africa, Europe and North America.
Lastly, we continue to work on growing and scaling our asset management platform. Our investment in EQ Partners Co. Ltd is set to deliver returns in the near term and has greatly increased our profile in South Korea.
The economic and market climate in early 2014 is characterized by a high degree of uncertainty and volatility.
Optimistic global growth forecasts are coming into question as the US Federal Reserve dials back quantitative easing and reduces asset purchases. However, we view the impending end to global easy money as an opportunity for the less standardized, more flexible REORIENT Group investment and merchant banking model.
Investors will become more selective in their capital allocations. We are confident that our bespoke model of flexibly in responding to client demands across platform boundaries and asset classes is well suited to the new tighter money environment.

Ko Chun Shun, Johnson Brett McGonegal Chairman and Executive Director CEO and Executive Director Hong Kong, 20 February 2014 