On behalf of the Board of Directors of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present to the shareholders the 2013 annual report.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2013, the Group recorded noticeable growth in its performance results. Turnover HK$21,250,266,000, net profit HK$2,041,318,000 and profit attributable to shareholders HK$1,764,264,000 maintained stable growth, representing an increase of 84.9% over the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were HK39.37 cents, an increase of 80.9% over the same period last year.

The Board of Directors recommended to pay a final dividend of HK6.28 cents per share on 30 September 2013 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 26 August 2013 (the record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend). Together with the interim dividend of HK2.2 cents per share paid to the shareholders on 31 January 2013, total dividend payout for the year 2013 amounted to HK8.48 cents per share (total dividend payout for the year 2012: HK3.92 cents 
Closure of Register of Members To be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting The register of members of the Company will be closed from 16 August 2013 (Friday) to 20 August 2013 (Tuesday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the identity of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the 2013 Annual General Meeting. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2013 Annual General Meeting to be held on 20 August 2013 (Tuesday), all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 15 August 2013 (Thursday).
To qualify for the proposed final dividend The register of members of the Company will be closed from 26 August 2013 (Monday) to 28 August 2013 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2013. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the 2013 Annual General Meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 26 August 2013 (Monday). In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 23 August 2013 (Friday).
China Gas Embraces its Second Golden 
The FY2013 unfolded the first year in the Group's second decade of development, setting the foundation for the Group to roll out its second stage of development. In reviewing the Group's path of growth, we are pleased that the Group has captured every opportunity derived from China s soaring demand for energy alongside the national structural reform on the public utility sectors. Having established for ten years since its founding in 2002, the Group has rapidly evolved into an integrated trans- regional energy service provider with over 300 subsidiaries and branches. Currently, the Group owns city piped gas projects across 184 cities and regions in Mainland China. In terms of the number of projects, the Group is the largest city gas operator in Mainland China.
Facing the revolution of gas consumption in the world, the development and utilization of energy have been in the spotlight all around the world. China, the second largest energy consumption country after the US, is experiencing a noticeable demand growth in energy as its economy surges.
The Group achieved impressive results during the year. In particular, it made great strides in the development regarding gas sales, gas connection to users, safety operation management, customer services, fulfillment of corporate social responsibility, technology innovation and new business exploration, materializing and surpassing the targets set at the beginning of the year.
Meanwhile, the Group smoothly transformed the mode of its management and control, and officially initiated the three-level management involving the headquarters, the regional centers for management and control and project companies, realizing the decision-making in the headquarters, the management across regions and the implementation by project companies. The new mode gave a significant boost to management efficiency and further motivated project companies to optimize their performance, thus laying a solid foundation for the leapfrogging development of the Group during its second decade.

Another decade signifies a fresh start. When encountering new opportunities and challenges under unprecedented conditions, the Group will make headway by overcoming difficulties, develop through the process of transformation, enhance strengths through innovation, and constantly seek the path to prosperity well suited for the ever-changing external environment and the Group s actual situation, in a bid to realize the ambitious goal of the 
In recent years, China has paid increasing attention to environmental protection and efficient use of energy, aggressively promoted the use of clean energy such as natural gas in order to facilitate the adjustment in energy structure as well as energy conservation and emission reduction. China s Twelfth Five-Year Plan for Energy Development published in January 2013 states that the demand for natural gas will rise significantly as a result of the deepening urbanization in China which leads to a population expansion in urban areas. The Twelfth Five-Year Plan for Natural Gas Development issued by the NDRC in October 2012 predicts that the consumption of natural gas in China will surpass 260 billion cubic meters by 2015. Accelerating the development of natural gas is, therefore, the inevitable choice of raising the proportion of natural gas in primary energy consumption, and also a pressing need for facilitating energy conservation and emission reduction.
As a large-scale integrated energy service provider, the Group will fully leverage on its existing corporate management mode, prudent financial control, professional operating capacity and the service-oriented concept to further strengthen its foothold in the two core businesses natural gas and LPG business. To this end, apart from proactively pushing forward the organic growth in the existing gas projects, the Group will develop various business ideas to explore new markets in urban economic development zones, industrial parks and industrial villages and towns which have enormous potential users of natural gas. In addition, the Group will energetically promote CNGLNG utilization for vehicles and vessels, so as to form a synergy with the current two core businesses. During the proactive development of our core businesses, the Group will sparkplug our staff to fulfill corporate social responsibility. As such, the Group will set high standards in respect of business ethics, consumer care, environmental protection, and continuously put them in practice. Specifically, a wide range of public welfare events will be launched, such as community safety programs and campaigns of caring for the elderly, blood donation, and donation to disaster-stricken areas.
With a strong sense of gratitude, the Group will return the society with actions delivering welfare benefits, thus pushing forward the harmonious development of society.
Last, but not the least, I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our fellow board members, the management team and all the staff for their excellent performance in the FY2013 and for their sincerity, solidarity, innovation and unremitting efforts. Also, thanks to the strong support and help from all the community, as well as to shareholders, creditors and business partners for their trust and confidence on China Gas. Learning from our past practical experience, we are confident that China gas as an Asia energy cooperation platform will become stronger. Based on the core businesses, we will also expand our business scope, and explore markets both vertically and horizontally. Besides, we will forge ahead with reform, strengthen management, and embrace difficulties and challenges in future with our conviction. The next decade will witness our leapfrog from good to great. And we will continue to adhere to the core concept of our corporate culture, such as Best Service to Our Society, Maximise the Return to Our Shareholders and Brightest Future to Our Staff , so as to bring the unlimited value to our Shareholders, customers, staff 
WONG Sin Yue, Cynthia 
Hong Kong, 26 June 2013 