CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present to 
2014 annual report.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2014, the Group recorded noticeable growth in its performance results. Turnover HK$26,007,997,000, gross profit HK$5,286,135,000 and profit attributable to shareholders HK$2,575,506,000 maintained stable growth, representing an increase of 46.0% over the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were HK53.58 cents, an increase of 36.1% over the same period last year.

The Board of Directors recommended to pay a final dividend of HK9.86 cents per share on 30 September 2014 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 3 September 2014 (the record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend).
Together with the interim dividend of HK2.2 cents per share paid to the shareholders on 30 January 2014, total dividend payout for the year 2014 amounted to HK12.06 cents per share (total dividend payout for the year 2013: HK8.48 cents per share).
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS To be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting The register of members of the Company will be closed from 22 August 2014 (Friday) to 26 August 2014 (Tuesday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the identity of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the 2014 Annual General Meeting. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2014 Annual General Meeting to be held on 26 August 2014 (Tuesday), all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar and transfer office of the Company in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
on 21 August 2014 (Thursday).
To qualify for the proposed final dividend The register of members of the Company will be closed from 1 September 2014 (Monday) to 3 September 2014 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2014. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the 2014 Annual General Meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 3 September 2014 (Wednesday). In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 29 August 2014 (Friday).

The global economy recovered as a whole with lingering uncertainties last year. The recovery in major economies began to consolidate. The US and European economies gradually came out of recession while Asian economies ended on a positive note. Against a backdrop of slowdown in economic growth, the Chinese Government and the public turned to focus on deepening reform, adjusting structure, pushing ahead with energy conservation and emission reduction, and preventing air pollution. Stepping up efforts to develop clean energy has become one of the major national strategies for achieving the Chinese Dream . Clean energy industry in China and China Gas Group has been given an unprecedented opportunity for achieving leap-forward development.
Currently, China has become the largest energy consumer and the third largest natural gas consumer in the world.
Looking into the future, China s natural gas consumption will continue to grow rapidly and the golden age of natural gas will shift towards China. As at the end of 2013, the Second West-East Gas Pipeline and the China-Myanmar Gas Pipeline commenced operation upon full completion.
At present, the construction of the Third West-East Gas Pipeline has commenced. An unified oil and gas pipeline network has thus taken shape in China. A 30-year natural gas supply agreement entered into by China and Russia on 21 May 2014 is expected to diversify and increase the gas supply to China to meet the increasing demand for natural gas from the country. The Action Plan on Prevention and Control of Air Pollution ( 
promulgated by the State Council of China in September 2013 has set out measures and policies on replacing small coal-fired boilers with gas-fired boilers and replacing oil with gas in transport sector. Those measure and policies will have a considerable effect on the demand for natural gas. In addition, with the widespread use of the clean and convenient liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG ) in towns and rural areas and the rapid growth of LPG being used as raw materials in deep processing industry, the Group will be given a rare chance to develop its LPG business. After integrating the LPG downstream network of Panva Gas in all aspects, the Group will leverage the unique strength from the integrated upstream and downstream business of Panva Gas to progressively improve the utilisation of middle stream terminals and storage assets. The Group will also continue to expand the LPG retail market with great potential for development to provide clean and efficient green energy to industrial and commercial users and residential users in towns and rural areas.
After ten years of rapid development, the Group has become a key player in clean energy distribution sector in China. It is now supplying the clean natural gas and LPG to more than 15,000,000 residential users and 60,000 industrial and commercial users. The Group will continue to adhere to the principle of maintaining profitability and fulfilling social responsibility synchronously while providing high quality services to the society and customers to become an integrated gas enterprise that is trusted by customers, respected by the society and managed perfectly and keeps on creating values for shareholders. Lastly, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our fellow board members, the management team and all the staff for their unremitting efforts and solidarity for more than ten years. I would also extend my thanks to shareholders, business partners and creditors for their trust and confidence on China Gas.

Hong Kong, 25 June 2014 