CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT While our markets were not immune from the impact of the global financial crisis, we remained focused on our businesses and maintained an orderly, informed and fair market amid turbulence, and delivered solid returns to our shareholders in 2009.
HKEx s Performance In 2009, the average daily turnover value on the Stock Exchange decreased about 14 per cent to $62.3 billion, and the average daily turnover of derivatives contracts and stock options contracts dropped marginally to 206,458 contracts and 15 per cent to 191,676 contracts respectively. Against this backdrop, our revenue and other income fell by 7 per cent to about $7 billion and the profit attributable to shareholders declined by 8 per cent to $4.7 billion as compared to that for 2008. The Board is proposing a final dividend of $2.09 per share, which brings the full-year dividend to a total of $3.93 per share, a payout ratio of 90 per cent.

The world economy is creeping out of the woods with recovery expected to be slow. Although Asia is rebounding from the depths of the global crisis, countries in the region face the potential risk of sharp asset price increases, which may be disconnected from the fundamentals. Governments are working hard to strike the right balance between maintaining the economic recovery momentum and containing inflated asset values in an environment of abundant liquidity. Investors should be cautious about investment risks and the possibility of reverse capital flows.
As the Vice Chairman of the World Federation of Exchanges, I am working with other member exchanges to promote standards for fair, transparent and efficient markets. Amid market uncertainties, we will continue to be vigilant about global financial development trends, study recommendations from international financial institutions (including the G-20 and the Financial Stability Forum), and be responsive to market views. HKEx is on a firm foundation to face mounting challenges and will continue to explore opportunities under a well-structured strategic plan.
Mainland Opportunities Abound China has been the engine of economic growth in Asia, and its influence in the global arena is increasing.
The International Monetary Fund forecast that the Mainland s gross domestic product will continue growing between 9.5 per cent and 10 per cent annually in the coming 5 years. The Central Government has expressed its intentions to adhere to the overall macroeconomic policy of keeping fiscal policy proactive and monetary policy moderately loose . Despite these positive statements, investors should nevertheless not be surprised should there be adjustments during this year.
Our continuous Mainland focus resulted in the majority of listing applicants coming from the Mainland to raise capital funds for their development and growth. In 2009, funds raised by Mainland enterprises accounted for over 82 per cent of IPO funds raised. Although there is no certainty regarding the timing of new issues, the pipeline of new IPO applicants appears promising for 2010. Under the closer cooperation agreement with the Shanghai Stock Exchange in January this year, HKEx is committed to fostering closer links with the Shanghai Stock Exchange over the listing of enterprises, development and collaboration of products as well as sharing of information.
Given the Central Government s measures to enhance the role of the RMB in international trade and finance, our cultural affinities, strong risk management systems and close economic ties with the Mainland are key contributing factors that can position Hong Kong as a robust and reliable testing ground for the development of RMB business outside the Mainland. We are fully supportive of the Hong Kong Government s effort to elaborate on the current choices of RMB-related investment product in alignment with the progressing liberalisation of the RMB.
Pursuing Organic Growth Focusing on our core business and pursuing organic growth have been the Group s persistent strategy adopted to compete with other established exchanges and alternative trading platforms. The launch of Callable BullBear Contracts and development of the Exchange Traded Fund market illustrate the success of our organic growth strategy. We will increase our efforts to expand asset coverage and issuer participation in the Callable BullBear Contract market, and to introduce innovative products such as flexible index options and volatility indices, and more stock option classes to provide more choice for investors. More information is set out in the Business Review of this Annual Report.
HKEx is also committed to broadening the source of listed issuers. In recent years, HKEx has been working closely with the SFC in implementing a series of measures to facilitate listing of overseas issuers and streamlining the listing process for overseas issuers. Some consider the first listing by a Russian enterprise, United Company RUSAL Plc (formerly known as United Company RUSAL Limited), in Hong Kong on 27 January 2010 another watershed event in the Hong Kong securities market. I am cautiously optimistic that we will see more interest from Russian companies and we will continue to attract more listing of overseas companies, especially those with business interests in China and Asia.

HKEx continued to receive rigorous annual performance assessments from our regulator on our role as the frontline regulator. It is our objective to further refine our listing regime without compromising market quality. Efforts were made to streamline procedures, lower costs and enhance disclosure, aiming at making our market more appealing to both local and overseas issuers and investors. We will continue working with our regulator to improve our regulatory regime, taking into account global financial developments and home market needs.
The other aspect instrumental to market quality is corporate governance. As the role in the development and enforcement of corporate governance regulation in Hong Kong rests primarily with HKEx, we appreciate and will stress the importance of the international best practices. In 2010, we will continue with our corporate governance initiatives and fully support the electronic submission of Disclosure of Interests notices and statutory backing for disclosure requirements. With the support of issuers and market practitioners, I am confident that corporate governance practices in Hong Kong will continue to be on a par with international standards.
An efficient and reliable market infrastructure is indispensable to a quality market. We will continue with our best efforts to ensure our market systems operate at the top levels. In recognition of our efforts in the development of the securities trading infrastructure, HKEx was named the best venue in Asia-Pacific for algorithmicelectronic trading by AsianInvestor magazine in 2009. Our commitment to technological robustness continues despite the economic downturn and we have embarked on an initiative to further upgrade our AMS3 and data dissemination system during 2010.

Having the dual role of a frontline regulator and a listed company, our attraction and growth depend on the sustainable development of our marketplace and community. Notwithstanding the market volatility that we experienced last year, we remained mindful of our stakeholders interests to secure their confidence.
In 2009, we received The Asset s Platinum Award for All-Round Excellence in Financial Performance, Management, Corporate Governance, Social Responsibility, Environmental Responsibility and Investor 
We have also broadened our social responsibility efforts and became a participant in the 2009 Information Request of the Carbon Disclosure Project which provides primary climate change data to the global market place. A host of programmes continue to be developed to meet the different and ongoing needs of our stakeholders. More relevant information will be set out in our 2009 CSR Report which will be published in 
In April 2009, Messrs Henry Fan and Fong Hup and Dr Christine Loh retired from the Board and on behalf of the Board, I would like to extend our thanks to them for their considerable contributions to the Group.
At the same time, I was pleased to welcome Messrs Ignatius Chan, Stephen Hui and Michael Lee who were newly appointed as our Directors. I thank all my fellow Board members for their support and contributions 
A key task for the Board in 2009 was to appoint and achieve a seamless transition to a new Chief Executive.
In June 2009, the Board announced the appointment of Mr Charles Li as Chief Executive to succeed Mr Paul Chow who retired in January 2010. Mr Chow had been the Chief Executive since May 2003 and led the development of the organisation into today s high-performing international exchange. His achievements at HKEx were enormous and nothing short of remarkable. I am sure our Shareholders and other stakeholders join all of us from the Group in thanking Mr Chow for his outstanding contribution to HKEx s success and continued development of the Hong Kong financial market. Personally, it has been a pleasure and a privilege being his colleague, a sentiment, I have no doubt, shared by many.
We also welcome Mr Charles Li who assumed the role of Chief Executive on 16 January 2010. HKEx will benefit from Mr Li s extensive experience and knowledge in international securities and investment markets, his in-depth understanding and insight of China s capital markets and his broad-based network in China.
I would like to offer the Board s sincere gratitude to the management team and all other employees for their hard work and dedication. Their excellence and commitment are of vital importance in enhancing HKEx s 
Finally, we thank our Shareholders and all other stakeholders for their continued support and confidence in us, and wish to assure them that the whole team at HKEx will continue to work hard in their interest.
Ronald Joseph ARCULLI 
Hong Kong, 4 March 2010 
