Continuous growth in earnings per share On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board or the Directors ) of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I would like to present to the shareholders the 2006 annual report.
The past financial year embarked a year of vigorous development for the Group. Over the past year, China s sustainable robust and rapid economic growth has resulted in an explicit energy supply and demand gap.
Meanwhile, in light of soaring oil prices and increasingly stringent environmental protection requirements imposed by the State, coupled with the discovery and development of a large number of new natural gas fields on the one hand, and the commissioning of cross-regional natural gas pipelines on the other, the natural gas market recorded an explosively vivid growth. Under favourable external macro-economic environment, and with the joint efforts of the Group and all our staff, the Group had during the past year posted remarkable progress in the aspects of project expansion, customers development, natural gas sales and internal control.

The overall results of the Group in the past financial year ended March 31, 2006 were satisfactory. Turnover amounted to HK$630,522,000, net profit to HK$180,068,000 and profit attributable to shareholders to HK$156,736,000, representing a year-on-year growth of 53.27%, 36.02% and 62.22% respectively. Basic earnings per share was HK6.15 cents, an increase of 17.37%. Over the past financial year, the Group connected 141,543 households users, 20 industrial users and 142 commercial users, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 7.0%, 122.2% and 283.8% respectively. As at March 31, 2006, the Group s total connected residential customers came to 806,103 households, total connected industrial customers to 72 users and total connected commercial customers to 1,395 users, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 96.
1%, 105.7% and 185.3% respectively. During the past financial year, the Group sold a total volume of 176,378,710 m 3 of piped gas, an approximately 131.2% year-on-year growth, of which 172,319,750 m 3 was natural gas and 4,058,960 m 3 was other piped gases, representing a year-on-year growth of 364.5% and a year-on-year decrease of 89.6% respectively. This demonstrated a rapid growth in our sale of natural gas.
To express our gratitude to our shareholders support and trust to the Company over the past year, the Board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK1 cent per share for the year ended March 31, 2006, marking the first dividend payment by the Company since its 
New Project Development On the side of new project expansion, the past year was a remarkable year for the Group. We secured 11 new city gas projects in eight provinces autonomous regions, of which the projects in Liuzhou in Guangxi, Baoji in Shaanxi, Yangzhou in Jiangsu, Fushun and Dalian in Liaoning were in large sized cities with population over a million. The projects in Fushun and Dalian in Liaoning were the Group s first investment in the north-eastern part of China. Dalian is the most economically prosperous city in north- east China. PetroChina Company Limited is planning to construct a liquefied natural gas receiving terminal in Dalian. The acquisition of the Dalian project is a reflection of our competitive strengths in the industry. In addition, the Group has also acquired equity interest in a natural gas company in the Dianjiang County in Chongqing, the only regional gas company which has been given the right to explore and produce natural gas in China. Such company currently owns 40 natural gas wells with annual production capacity of 150,000,000 m 3 . Such acquisition marked our first step into the upstream natural gas supply market and will further enhance the Group s 
In the last financial year, the Group has obtained financing from major international and domestic financial institutions. In January 2006, the Company obtained a credit facility of up to RMB20 billion from China Development Bank, which can be drawn within the next five years according to the Group s project development needs. The facility will have a tenor of up to 15 years with a grace period of at least five years. The facility will bear interest at the rate as announced by the People s Bank of China in respect of long-term loans with maturities of over five years, and will be subject to downward adjustment if appropriate. The interest rate for the facility is substantially lower than that of high-yield bonds of similar maturities in the international capital markets. This is attributable to our good credit reputation in and wide-recognition of our business prospects by the financial markets. With such financing, sufficient capital is assured for our future investment in and development of natural gas projects. Furthermore, the Group also obtained a nine-year term loan in the amount of US$50 million from The Netherlands Development Finance Company (FMO) and PROPARCO in October 2005. Financing supports for our business development from these development capital institutions will allow the Group to formulate more aggressive investment strategies to secure more city gas projects and enable the Group to participate in large city gas projects in the future.

In the last fiscal year, the shareholders structure of the Company has been further optimized as well as internationalized. Hai Xia Finance Holdings Limited is the founding and principal shareholder of the Company together with the three international strategic shareholders namely China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, GAIL (India) Limited and Oman Oil Company, the Company has become a platform to facilitate cooperation among energy companies in Asia. Furthermore, Mackenzie Financial Corporation, a well- known Canada s mutual funds, also holds a substantial stake in the Company. Templeton Asset Management and FMO, being famous institutional investors, also became shareholders of the Company through share subscription in October 2005.
The composition of the Board of the Company has a change in this financial year. Following the completion of the subscription of shares in the Company by GAIL (India) Limited and Oman Oil Company, two of their representatives were appointed as non-executive directors of the Company in January 2006 and March 2006 respectively. On behalf of the Board, I would like to welcome Mr. Suresh Raghavanachari and Mr. Harrison Blacker to join the Board and believe that their participation in the Board will strengthen our team with their considerable ability, rich industry and management experience and quality dynamic ideas. We will continue to ensure that the Board will maintain high corporate governance standards and utilize the skills and experience of its members so as to make the Group a successful international natural gas enterprise.

We had a steady growth in 2006 fiscal year. With a large portfolio of quality potential projects and sufficient capital support, 2007 fiscal year will be a year of prosperous anticipation. We will continue to move towards our targets according to our plan, invest in piped gas construction projects in medium- to large-sized cities with population over millions, and take active action to participate in upstream natural gas supply market, especially in the areas of natural gas liquefaction. The Group will pursue a more proactive approach in its investment strategy.
In closing, I would like to thank the employees, the management team and the fellow board members for their commitment and endeavors, our shareholders for their full support to our strategy of value creation, and the bankers and investors of their confidence, encouragement and recognition.
Li Xiao Yun 
July 21, 2006 
Remarkable growth in 
