CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my sincerest gratitude for the ongoing trust and support you have shown the Company this year.
The world witnessed difficult macroeconomic conditions in 2012, as well as a complex and volatile environment in the petroleum and petrochemical markets. By planning ahead, the Company was able to respond proactively to market dynamics, while also strengthening corporate governance, increasing shareholder returns and deepening internal reforms. Its ability to adapt to difficult market conditions leaves the Company well positioned to build a leading energy and chemicals enterprise and achieve positive operating results. In 2012, the Company s total revenues and other operating income increased by 11.2% from the previous year to RMB 2,786 billion. Profits attributable to equity shareholders of the Company under International Financial Reporting Standards decreased by 12.8% to RMB 63.9 billion, while net profits attributable to equity shareholders of the Company, under China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises, dropped by 11.4% to RMB 63.5 billion.
As part of the progress in our integrated business in 2012, the upstream business successfully overcame a number of challenges through initiatives that we refer to as the Five Campaigns. Consequently, our oil and gas reserves and production increased, and we achieved significant breakthroughs in the exploration and production of unconventional oil and gas. By expanding the scale of our refining business and improving the quality of our oil products, we have made major advances in our competitiveness in this part of the business.
Sinopec s strong brand, comprehensive marketing network, and efficient product distribution system all contributed to steady growth in the volume of our oil product sales and the optimization of our sales structure, creating one-stop shopping for consumers. Our non-fuel business grew rapidly, allowing us to better serve our customers. In order to mitigate the impact from weak demand and declined price of chemical products, Sinopec combined its research, production and marketing efforts in the chemical business, allowing us to optimize load of utilization for chemicals production and adjust the product mix, and ultimately improve the quality of our customer service and promote continued loyalty. Strong performance in trading and new technological applications helped strengthen development of the Company s integrated business. The progress we have made in the business has won recognition and support from our shareholders and the public. Since the start of the second half of 2012, Sinopec Corp. s share price has outperformed the market and its peers both domestically and overseas, and, as a result, shareholder returns and the value of the Company have increased substantially.
With these positive operational performance and strong confidence in the future development of the Company from our executives, we are more than happy to share these achievements with our shareholders. Taking into account the Company s profitability, shareholder expectations and the need for future sustainable development, the Board of Directors proposed a final cash dividend of RMB 0.20 per share for 2012, which, combined with the interim cash dividend of RMB 0.10 per share, brings the total annual cash dividend for 2012 to RMB 0.30 per share. The Board also proposed to distributed 2 bonus shares from retained earnings plus 1 bonus shares from capital reserve for every 10 
Sinopec Corp. enhanced its corporate governance in 2012 through a number of initiatives. In May 2012, the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors underwent a smooth transition of its membership and appointed management team members. The Board of Directors attaches great importance to the Company s efforts in corporate social responsibility and has now established the Corporate Social Responsibility Committee. With a focus on shareholder returns, Sinopec Corp. has amended its Articles of Association to clarify its dividend policy. We have also enhanced our communication with investors by refining our disclosure policies. With strong support from our Independent Directors and independent shareholders, the renewal at the continuing connected transaction and relevant caps were approved for the period from 2013 to 2015. Meanwhile, Sinopec Corp. also improved its internal control protocols to make its internal controls more effective and to increase its overall capabilities for risk management.
Sinopec Corp. s development accelerated in 2012, with particular progress in implementing structural adjustments across the Company and great emphasis in carrying out green and low- carbon initiatives. Capital expenditures for the year reached RMB 169.0 billion. Among which, expenditures for the upstream accounts for 47%, with a target to expand its oil and gas reserves and production, expenditures for the refining accounts for 19%, which was spent in capacity expansion and upgrading the quality of oil products, expenditures for the chemical segment accounts for 14%, predominantly for investments in product differentiation and expenditures for marketing and distribution accounts for 19%, principally for further improvements in the sales network for refined 
Sinopec Corp. played an active role in corporate social responsibility, paying close attention to sustainable development of the industry, society and the environment. By implementing a green and low-carbon strategy, Sinopec Corp. is following a new path for corporate development coupling industrialization with the construction of resource-saving and environmentally friendly enterprises. Despite expanding the scale of its production, Sinopec Corp. has been able to lower its energy consumption and reduce the discharge of major pollutants. We have also continuously participated in activities that advance our corporate social responsibility, including poverty alleviation, educational sponsorship and Sinopec Corp. s Lifeline Express, while also taking care of our own employees and providing support for development of their careers. Sinopec respects the rights of its stakeholders, such as communities, consumers, clients and suppliers, and seeks to foster harmonious developments of the entire society. During the past year, we joined the United Nations Global Compact LEAD and became one of the signatories of the UN s Caring for Climate. In June 2012, Sinopec made 10 voluntary commitments, including a strategy for sustainable development, during the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development, also known as Rio+20. Sinopec takes various initiatives to deliver this pledge, and we announced our commitments in our Environmental Protection Report on 29 
These successful developments can be attributed to the steady growth of the Chinese economy, yet is not possible without the interest and support of each and every shareholder and of the public and the unrivalled efforts of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, our management team and all Sinopec Corp. s employees. The results further substantiate the Company s strategy to use its resources, marketing, integration, global reach, differentiation and green and low-carbon initiatives to build Sinopec into a leading energy and chemicals company.
With a 30-year history of reforming, restructuring and developing, Sinopec s integrated model has given it a clear industry advantage in operational scale and competitiveness and has created the conditions for future growth. Looking ahead, we see the simultaneous progress of China in industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization as providing market opportunities for Sinopec, along with sustained growth in demand for energy and chemical products. We recognize that the slow recovery of the world economy, the increase in energy production and consumption and the fiercer competition in the petrochemicals market all pose new challenges for Sinopec and make its development as a leading enterprise more urgent. To maximize corporate value, the Board of Directors will continue to support the implementation of the existing corporate strategy to make quality and efficiency the priorities for development, with an accelerated shift to an operational focus on low-carbon 
In 2013, Sinopec Corp. will implement initiatives across the Company to enhance the quality and efficiency of its traditional businesses while growing and developing new businesses. We will work to target areas that need reform and use our resources to resolve organizational issues that might hinder the Company s future growth.
Sinopec Corp. will endeavor to improve its management capabilities, focusing on strategic planning and value-based management. We place great importance on our green and low- carbon strategy across the entirety of Sinopec Corp s operations, and we will increase our efforts to develop these initiatives and ensure that we are contributing to an ecologically conscious civilization. Sinopec will remain focused on achieving favorable returns for shareholders, engaging in activities to advance corporate social responsibility and promote sustainable economic development of the Company and of society.
Based on market conditions and to meet Sinopec Corp. s development objectives, we have allocated RMB 181.7 billion for CAPEX in 2013.
The quality and efficiency of Sinopec Corp. s growth forms the core of its investment thesis and dictates its investment principles acquiring resources, ensuring supplies, supporting the major businesses, adjusting product structure, optimizing projects and increasing returns, all to promote rapid development of the business.
With the support of our shareholders and the dedication of our employees, the Board of Directors strongly believes that Sinopec Corp.
will make sustained progress throughout the business and continue toward its goal of building a leading enterprise. By maintaining its superior performance and continuing with its controlled expansion, Sinopec will repay its shareholders, contribute to society and help its 
We are fully prepared for the challenges ahead.
It takes time to build a strong corporation, and with your support, we will strive to create a bright future for Sinopec Corp. and its 
