Chairman s statement " Turnover was hK$10,211,959,000, an increase of approximately 61.5% over the same period last year.
" Accumulated connected domestic households, accumulated connected industrial users and accumulated connected commercial users were 4,837,436 users, 810 users and 33,476 users respectively, an increase of approximately 29.2%, 92.9% and 17.4% over the same period last year.
" Natural gas sales volume amounted to 3,380,025,000 m 3 , an increase of approximately 58.7% over the same period 
" LPG sales volume amounted to 944,000 tonnes.

For the financial year ended 31 march 2010, turnover of the Group was hK$10,211,959,000 as compared to hK$6,323,823,000 in 2009, representing a substantial growth of 61.5%. profit attributable to shareholders amounted to hK$1,015,501,000; whilst earnings per share was hK26.19 cents, representing a substantial growth of 658.1% and 742.1% compared with the last reporting 
Final Dividend and Closure of Registrar of Members the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of hK1.7 cents (2009: hK1.4 cents) per share for the year ended 31 march 2010.
the registrar of members of the Company will be closed from 13 august 2010 to 19 august 2010, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. in order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in hong Kong, Computershare hong Kong investor services limited at 17m Floor, hopwell Centre, 183 Queen s Road east, hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 pm on 12 august 2010. the dividend, if approved by the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 19 august 2010, is expected to be paid to qualified persons on or before 30 september 2010.
New Projects Development For new projects development, the Group had secured 50 new city gas projects in 10 provinces autonomous regionsdirectly-administered cities over the past year.
the Group invested five in liaoning province; two in heilongjiang province; one in inner mongolia autonomous Region; one in Jiangsu province, two in hunan province, one in Jiangxi province; five in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous Region; one in anhui province and three were in Guangdong province.
the Group completed 49% equity interest in Fujian anran Gas investment Company, ltd. during the financial year of 2010 and hence the operation and management over its 29 city piped gas projects.
this transaction has significantly expanded our natural gas user base and sales volume, and also underpinned our position in Fujiian province s gas market.

as the impacts of the global financial crisis dissipate, commercial credit activities have again become active. the Group continued to receive strong funding support from China development Bank, four major commercial banks and a number of international banks in the past financial year, providing syndicated loans of various purposes for the Group s business development, and this demonstrates the Group s credibility in the banking community, and the recognition of the Group s business prospects. domestically, China development Bank, the state s policy bank continues to provide strong RmB funding support for the Group.

over the past year, the Board operated smoothly and all the Board members actively participated in board meetings and discussed and exchanged views from time to time on matters relating to the business development direction and financing of the Group as well as industry trend and global economy. i strongly believe that such composition of our Board will, for sure, drive the business momentum of the Group.
in april 2010, mr. William Rackets, representing oman oil Company, s.a.o.C. and mr. Kim Joong ho, representing sK e&s, resigned from their positions as non-executive directors of the Company.
on behalf of all the members of the Board, i would like to extend our gratitude for the services provided and contribution made by mr. Rackets and mr. Kim during their directorships with the Company. in their stead, oman oil Company, s.a.o.C. nominated its deputy Ceo mr. mulham al Jarf as non-executive director whilst sK e&s also nominated its representative director mr. moon duk Kyu as non-executive director. i, on behalf of the board, hereby welcome both of them to join the Company in strong belief that their extensive industry experience will avail the Group of much more valuable ideas.
i will continue to ensure the Board to maintain high standards of governance and leverage on its expertise and experience to lead the Group to become a highly influential gas enterprise in China.

after years of development, the Group has already established a nationwide network of project companies. over the past financial year, the Group actively developed gas business in the surrounding cities and counties through the network of such project companies to achieve mega- regional operation and management. as to CnG vehicle gas business, the Group strengthened its cooperation at various levels with a Canadian-based professional CnG compressors manufacturer over the past year, resulting in a comprehensive enhancement in the technology and equipment for vehicle refilling stations. the Group has also established a vehicle gas development department to lay a foundation for its vehicle gas business. accordingly, leverage on our existing gas network and vehicle gas sales, the Group is gaining competitiveness in the overall gas supply market in China.
as to liquefied petroleum gas distribution business, its revenue has generated positive economic efficiency to the Group over the past financial year.
i am optimistic about the core business of the Group. looking into the next financial year, as to city gas distribution area, the Group will target at projects with reasonable investment returns; continue to seek various domestic city gas project investment opportunities; expand the gas business in the surrounding regions of our existing project companies; enhance customer s services; commence value-added business for existing users; and increase the sales volume of CnG vehicle gas. as to liquefied petroleum gas business, the Group will continue to operate the lpG wholesaling, retail and logistics related businesses with safety being the highest priority. it is expected that the lpG business will generate ongoing revenue and profit growth to the Group.
the Group will continue to establish and maintain long-term working relationships with domestic and overseas banks so as to cope with the future business development plan of the Group. the Group will also exercise full-scale supervision on the operation and financial management of each project company, improve the internal assessment system, strengthen the joint venture reform of state-owned enterprises, and strive for harmonious development between our staff, the enterprise, community and the environment. moreover, the Group will endeavor to provide higher quality social public services and to become a well-managed gas corporation earning trust from the customers and respect from the community and creating value for its shareholders.
lastly, i would like to express my thanks to the fellow board members for their contribution and support; and to all our staff and management team for their endeavors and hard work to enhance the operating conditions of the Group on an ongoing basis. on behalf of the Board, i would also like to extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their full support of our value-added strategies, as well as to the banking community and investors for their confidence, encouragement and 
Li Xiao Yun 
7 July 2010 