CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would first like to express my sincerest gratitude to all of our shareholders and the wider community for your interest and support.
In 2014, Sinopec Corp. made significant progress toward fulfilling the Board s core commitment to improve development quality and returns through launching our initiatives to deepen reform, accelerate the transition to new sources of growth, as well as enhance internal management and maintained a favorable growth momentum. We are delighted to see that, with regard to reforms, Sinopec s marketing business has established mixed-ownership operations by restructuring and introducing private capital.
This move not only enhanced our enterprise value but also advanced the transition of the business from an oil products supplier to an integrated services provider. With regard to growth mode transformation, commercial operations at the Fuling shale gas field commenced ahead of plan with a production capacity of 2 billion cubic meters per year, making China the first country outside North America to develop shale gas for commercial use. We have also fully upgraded our refined oil products and raised the production volume of our premium gasoline, for which growth in demand has been strong. Revenues for our non-fuel business in the marketing segment increased 28%. With regard to internal management, Sinopec effectively controlled costs for each business segment and conducted its operations safely. Our chemical feedstock and product mix also continued to improve due to the scheme of the optimisation of resources.
The continued efforts of Sinopec management and employees have helped us tackle the huge challenge presented by the tumbling price of international crude in the fourth quarter of 2014. Sinopec maintained stable production and improved its ability to withstand risks, further enhancing its level of sustainable development.
In 2014, according to International Financial Reporting Standards, the Company had total revenues and other operating income of RMB 2.83 trillion, down by 1.9% from the previous year. Profits attributable to shareholders dropped by 29.7% to RMB 46.47 billion. Taking into account the Company s profitability, shareholder returns and future development needs, the Board proposed a final dividend of RMB 0.11 per share, which, combined with the interim dividend of RMB 0.09 per share, brings our total annual dividend to RMB 0.2 per share.
During the Board s three-year term, the global economy has seen a marginal recovery, while China has entered a period of adjustment after growing at a very high rate for more than 30 years. The country is now phasing into a New Normal of slower growth, an improved economic structure and a shift among the drivers of growth. The Board has addressed the quality of development and returns, and it has focused on top-down design to implement strategies for resources, markets, integration, internationalization, differentiation, and green and low-carbon development. The Board s aim is to realize its vision of building a people-oriented, world-leading energy and chemical company.
In the past three years, the Company has further enhanced its corporate governance and has attached great importance to increase its enterprise value. We return our shareholders and protected investor interests through an improved dividend policy; we set up the Social Responsibility Management Committee to guide the Company on sustainable development, established regulations such as Policy for Composition and Diversity of Board Members, and emphasized the roles played by Board committees and independent Board members; we continued to improve internal control mechanisms and our ability to execute internal control; and we increased corporate transparency by improving information disclosure and investor relations. Sinopec was also keen to make use of the capital markets for corporate development.
With support from investors and the public, the Company raised a total of RMB 150 billion in equity through an H share private placement, a conversion of domestic A share convertible bonds, equity financing of Sinopec Canton, and private capital raising in the marketing segment.
At the same time, Sinopec financed its capital needs through the issuance of bonds based on market conditions, which effectively improved its capital and debt structure, enhanced enterprise value and supported the rapid development of 
In the past three years, we have deepened reforms throughout the company. We led mixed- ownership reform in China with our marketing business, aiming to transform the segment into a market orientated business through joint efforts with private investors. The initiative laid the foundations for invigorating Sinopec, further increase our competitiveness, advancing the transition to a new model of business and ensuring sustainable growth. We have completed the capital restructuring of the Yizheng Chemical Fiber Company, which accelerated the listing plan for Sinopec Group s oilfield service business, and we mitigated the negative impacts on Yizheng s shareholders by preventing the company from being delisted potentially due to three years of consecutive losses. We have also successfully completed the A share reform of the Shanghai Petrochemical Company and Yizheng Chemical Fiber Company, and we have supported Shanghai Petrochemical s stock option incentive plan. In addition, we have continuously improved our investment management mechanism with a focus on returns, establishing market-oriented operation mechanisms that will let each segment become more specialised and market-based, an initiative that has shown early progress.
Over the past three years, we have been undertaking an overall transition in our business. We have focused on the quality of our development and returns by executing six major strategies with total capital expenditures RMB498.5 billion in the past three years. We increased our upstream reserve and production, upgraded the quality of our refined oil products, strengthened the performance of the marketing segment, realized fast growth in our non- fuel business, and continued to improve our chemical feedstock and product mix. Since 2011, crude oil output has increased by 12.1% and natural gas output has increased by 38.5%, with significant breakthroughs in shale gas development creating favourable prospects for the future. We fully upgraded the quality of our refined oil and were the first to make all of our gasoline and automobile diesel products meet the GB IV national standard; some regions have upgraded product to the GB V. We continued expanding the marketing business.
The percentage of our domestic retail sales increased to 68.9%, and the non-fuel business recorded rapid growth, with revenues soaring by 107% as a result of our optimized platform.
In order to improve our chemical feedstock and product mix, we raised the proportion of high-value-added products and enhanced our capabilities in risk management. We established the Energy Management and Environmental Protection Department inside the Company, and we plan to invest more than USD5 billion to implement the Clear Water, Blue Sky Scheme and the Energy Efficiency Doubling plan. The level of emissions and energy consumption continued to drop even as the overall level of business activities expanded. Since 2011, the average overall energy intensity has decreased by 5.2%; chemical oxygen demand (COD) in waste water discharged has decreased by 8.1%; and emissions of NHx, sulphur dioxide and NOx have decreased by 9.6%, 20% and 7.4%, respectively.
Over the past three years, we have also strengthened corporate management. We designed and implemented more rigid management regulations after the Qingdao 1122 incident to ensure continuous improvement of our process flow, production organization, risk controls, security and stability management. Our production and operational costs in different business segments grew more slowly than those of our peers, which enabled us to effectively prevent and withstand sector risks.
In the past three years, we have been promoting technology innovation throughout the Company.
Taking a forward-looking perspective, we explored technology system reform and placed a great emphasis on the role of technology in productivity. We strengthened our research in core technologies as well as our fundamental and forward-looking research. We continued our strategy of integrating production, marketing and research processes and sped up the application of scientific research discoveries.
We further enhanced our capabilities in innovation and achieved a series of strategic research advances with practical applications.
The breakthroughs in our research into shale gas development, new type of coal-to-chemical conversion, new materials, energy conservation and environmental protection have helped us to further improve our industry structure and product mix. During the past three years, we have won seven National Awards for Technological Invention, including one first-place award; 12 National Awards for Science and Technology Progress, including one special prize and three first-place awards; and two National Gold Patent Awards. We have obtained a total of 6,850 domestic and foreign patents. These achievements demonstrate the effectiveness with which the Company has embraced technology to further its development.
In the past three years, we have continued to fulfil our social responsibilities in all aspects of our business. We have joined the Global Compact LEAD and the Caring for Climate initiatives. We conscientiously followed the ten principles of the Global Compact, and made ten voluntary commitments at the Rio+20 Summit.
Sinopec supported the United Nations Global Compact China network, hosting two sessions of the China Summit on Caring for Climate.
We took the lead in publishing a corporate environment conservation white paper and an Environmental, Social and Governance report for shale gas development, setting an example for Chinese enterprises to collectively cope with climate change. The Company sincerely cares for its staff, actively participating in public welfare initiatives and promoting development that benefits both the business and its 
According to International Financial Reporting Standards, the Company s operating revenue in 2014 was up by 12.8% from 2011, and total assets and shareholder equity at the end of 2014 were up by 27.2% and 25.2%, respectively, from their levels at the end of 2011. The Company s announced cash dividends over the three-year period totalled RMB 82.4 billion, while both share price and market capitalization increased. Sinopec Group, with Sinopec Corp. as its core asset, ranked third on the Fortune Global 500 list for 2014. We could not have recorded these achievements without the joint efforts of Sinopec s Board, management team and employees, as well as the great support of our shareholders and the wider community.
In 2015, the Company continues to face a difficult operating environment, given the compounding effects of the new normal growth rate for China s economy and low international oil prices. We remain determined to meet these challenges proactively. We will continue to encourage innovations, deepen reform and drive the transition of the business, strengthen our business fundamentals with a focus on quality and efficiency, and raise the level of our production and operations based on market conditions. We plan to restrict capital expenditures to RMB 135.9 billion in 2015, which we will use mainly for improving the efficiency of upstream exploration, in particular through the development of unconventional oil and gas exploration and the construction of liquefied natural gas facilities; for revamping refineries and upgrading refined oil products; for developing the new business of coal-to-chemical conversion and the research and production of higher-value-added products; for accelerating the upgrade of service stations; and for continuing to carry out the Clear Water, Blue Sky Scheme and the Energy Efficiency Doubling plan.
Looking forward, Sinopec will vigorously pursue the opportunities to meet its challenges. We are committed to development through the improvement of internal quality and efficiency, and we will maintain our core strategy of driving growth by innovation, in order to transform Sinopec into a scientific and services based company. We hope to gradually shift the industry structure from petroleum and chemicals to energy and materials, changing the value creation model from a focus on manufacturing to a focus on innovation and services.
As the current term of the Board approaches its end, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders, our other stakeholders and the community at large for your support and care; and to the Board of Supervisors, management team and all of our employees for your diligent work and devoted cooperation over the years.
The current term of the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors will expire in May 2015. Due to regulatory requirements and adjustments in their duties, Mr. Zhang Yaocang, Mr. Cao Yaofeng, Mr. Chen Xiaojin, Mr. Ma Weihua will not renew their terms. They have all been very dedicated members who adhered to their responsibilities as they actively participated in Sinopec Corp. s decision-making processes.
They were crucial in enabling the Board of Directors to make informed decisions and carry out effective oversight. I would like to thank them for their hard work and great contributions to the Company.
The current Board of Directors has already nominated candidates for the new boards.
The candidates are all outstanding managers and experts in macroeconomics, finance and securities, corporate management as well as the oil and gas industry. I believe their solid industry backgrounds and professional experience will bring vitality and new perspectives to the boards while strengthening the decision-making and supervisory standards of these two bodies.
I do believe that under the leadership of both the current and the new Board of Directors, together with the dedication of every one of our employees and the sustained support of all our stakeholders, we will continue to make significant progress in deepening reform across all parts of our business and realising our vision for Sinopec Corp., for China and for a better world.

