CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all our shareholders and the public for their care and 
In 2009, the global financial crisis and intense market competition posed severe challenges to the Company s production and operations. In particular, the beginning of the year witnessed plummeting price and demand for petroleum and petrochemical products, and a harsh contraction in E&P segment profits, while the refining, petrochemical and marketing businesses were faced with high inventories.
Despite the challenges, the Company achieved impressive results by taking a series of proactive measures including vigorous efforts to develop new markets, targeted management for refinement on details, as well as structural adjustments, and so on.
The E&P business maintained crude output volume with reduced costs and expenses while the price of crude remained sluggish. It increased exploration input for potential traps, and also invested resources in technological research and development for tertiary oil recovery from challenging reserves. As the international crude price gradually recover, the E&P segment realized good results and enhanced the sustainability of its business.
Fully leveraging its capability to accommodate various crude feeds, the refineries endeavoured to expand throughput by running at almost full capacity since the second quarter of 2009. In the meantime, the refining segment introduced process optimization initiatives across several functions, from crude procurement and resource allocation, to inventory and logistics management, and product mix adjustment, thus generating better profits.
In the chemicals business, the Company made more efforts to expand the market, and enhanced the integration of R&D throughout the production plan. It also continued to improve customer service and strengthened strategic alliances with key customers. Despite the unfavorable market environment, the majority of chemical plants operated at full capacity since March 2009, delivering excellent performance.
Capitalizing on the well-established marketing network, logistics systems and strong brand, the Company s marketing business successfully expanded its operational scale in an over- supplied domestic market by adopting innovative marketing approaches, flexible promotional programs and customer-oriented after-sales service. In addition, the non-fuel business grew significantly, driving up non-fuel business revenue and realized good operational results.
Over the course of the past year, China s macro- economy gradually recovered, and a fuel pricing policy paired with tax and fee reform were implemented in the domestic market. The Company s four business segments all achieved good operating performance, resulting from our effective counter-measures to the economic crisis, as well as from advantages gained from our integrated upstream, midstream and downstream business model. In 2009, the Company s total turnover, other operating income and other revenues, reached RMB 1,345.052 billion, down 10% year-on-year. In accordance with the Chinese Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( ASBE ), net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB 61.29 billion, up by 115.5% year-on-year. Under the International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS ), profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company was RMB 61.76 billion, up by 116.5% year-on-year. Both structure and quality of assets of the Company were constantly improved with the net assets up 14.6% year-on-year. In 2009, taxes and fees paid by the Company to the central and local governments totalled RMB179.05 billion. With the above achivevments, both economic returns and social responsibilities have been well fulfilled by the Company. The Board of Directors recommended a full year dividend of RMB 0.18 per share for 2009. The final dividend for 2009 was RMB 0.11 per share after deducting the interim dividend of RMB 0.07 per share.
In 2009, the Company further improved its corporate governance. The Company successfully completed the rotation and succession of members to the Board of Directors and the Board of Supervisors, and also appointed members to the executive management team. The Company revised the Articles of Association and laid a solid foundation for standardized operations. Thanks to the strong support from its independent shareholders, the Company completed adjustment on the continuing connected transactions for the period from 2010 to 2012.
In addition, continued efforts were made in strengthening refined management and internal controls to shape a unique management model and push its corporate governance to a higher level. In line with the Company s strategic targets for corporate development, the Outline of Corporate Culture Development was crafted to establish harmonious corporate values to support the continued sustainable development of the Company.
In 2009, in accordance with the strategy focusing on Resources, Markets, Integration and Internationalization , the new Board made a three-year development plan for the Company from 2009 to 2011 and established its future development direction and corporate goals. In accordance with the new plan, the Company increased its capital expenditure to RMB 110.013 billion in 2009, which was primarily allocated to expand resources, increase reserve and output and to expand the market as well.
A number of key projects, including Sichuan-to- the-East China Gas Project, Tianjin one-million- ton-per-year ethylene project and Zhenhai one- million-ton-per-year ethylene project, etc., have been completed or put into operation. The building of storage and transportation facilities for oil and chemical products progressed smoothly. These achievements have facilitated structural adjustments and product quality upgrading in major refineries.
Sinopec International Petroleum Exploration & Production Co., Ltd. was established, a concrete step made in the Company s overseas expansion in the oil and gas business. In addition to enhancing our business position as a supplier of premium clean fuels to the public, the Company also played an important role in domestic industry restructuring and regional economic development by contracting major equipment from and entering into a joint research and development program with 
The Company has always attached great importance to social and environmental issues in order to ensure sustainable development . We have fully implemented the HSE management system and adopted a variety of methods in energy saving and emission reduction in particular CO2 emission reduction, so as to promote a low-carbon economy. Thanks to the company-wide initiatives in producing clean products through clean production processes, the Company s comprehensive energy consumption per RMB 10,000 turnover came down to 0.72 tonnes of standard coal, realizing the energy saving target in its 11th Five-Year Plan one year ahead of schedule.
In 2009, the Company carried out a series of employee-focused programs with practical steps taken to improve the quality of the employee canteen and the health check system, as well as a general safety campaign called I Safe . In addition, we are actively participating in public welfare activities, including poverty relief and Tibet aid programs, sponsorship of China Lifeline Express Fund, and donations to Hope schools and disaster relief programs to help local communities recover from recent events and raise the living standards in disaster- and 
We attribute the Company s achievements to the trust and support of all our shareholders and all walks of society, as well as to the hard work and concerted efforts of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the management team and all employees. Therefore, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude for the support and perseverance of all parties involved.
Looking into 2010, the world economy is anticipated to continue its recovery from the crisis, while the Chinese economy is expected to continue to grow at a relatively fast rate driving up the demand for petroleum and petrochemical products, all these present opportunities for the development of the Company. However, we are still confronted with challenges from the high international crude price, and incremental refining and chemical capacities at home and abroad which may lead to fierce competition in the marketplace.
Nevertheless, we are gratified to see that through years of development, the Company has continuously reinforced its reserve basis with natural gas business becoming a new area of profit growth. We are also gratified to see that the structure of refineries and chemical complexes have been constantly optimized with extended marketing networks. At the same time our business in overseas markets are expanding significantly. Additionally, our people, management team and individuals alike, are positive and well-prepared for market competitions, through continuous innovation and savvy management tactics. Therefore, this session of the Board of Directors is confident about our future growth.
In accordance with the market conditions and the strategic development goals of the Company, our capital expenditure for 2010 is expected to reach approximately RMB 112 billion. We ll make more efforts in exploration and development activities to enhance the upstream reserve base. We ll invest in further optimization of the locations of our refining capacities, promote structrual adjustment, produce high value-added products and increase their proportion in the refining business. Moreover, we ll enhance our competitive advantage and improve our capabilities in expanding markets, and improve our marketing network. The Company will continue to invest in technological innovation conducive to clean energy production and R&D on new energies, and such transform will pave the way for a sustainable development of the Company into the future.
My fellow members of the Board of Directors and I believe that the Company will achieve greater development with the support of all of our shareholders and the concerted efforts of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the management team and all employees. We will continuously stride forward to become an internationally competitive energy and chemical company, and to reward our shareholders, employees and the whole society with excellent performance from sustainable and effective growth.

March 26, 2010 
