CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am honoured to have served as your Chairman in the past 6 years during which HKEx continued to grow in the midst of severe and unprecedented global economic and financial turmoil.
HKEx has also been improving its platform infrastructure and market structure to remain competitive because of the changing exchange landscape.
Notwithstanding these challenges, I am pleased to see that 2011 was another year of positive results for our Shareholders.
HKEx s Performance While our markets were not immune to the impact of the unstable and shrinking global economy, it is encouraging to note that the Hong Kong securities market remained as the world s biggest IPO centre for the third consecutive year, and had a record high of about 40 trillion shares traded and 215 million deals in 2011. Many new records were also set in the derivatives market, notably in the total options contracts traded. Against this backdrop, HKEx s profit attributable to Shareholders in 2011 was about $5.1 billion, a rise of 1 per cent from a year ago. Based on a payout ratio of 90 per cent, the Board is recommending a final dividend of $2.09 per share, which adds up to a total dividend of $4.25 per share for 2011, an increase of 1 per cent against that for 2010.
Economic Slowdown and Global Competition Last year was a challenging one marked by events of local and global significance. The world financial order was disrupted by cross-border uncertainties the absence of a credible and speedy solution to the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis, the risk of a double dip recession in the US, and, as a consequence, concerns of an economic hard-landing in the Mainland and resulting in a profound adverse impact on investor sentiment as well as the performance of the global financial markets. Confronted by the global financial instability, Hong Kong experienced a slowdown in market activities, particularly in the second half of 2011.
Other than the macroeconomic issues, regulated exchanges also have to contend with the proliferation of alternative trading platforms as well as mergers of leading exchanges, which have intensified competition in the global arena. In this respect, HKEx may not be immune to the fragmentation of trading of securities that has taken significant market share from some global exchanges.
In the midst of political and economic uncertainties around the world, reinforcing investors confidence is of utmost importance. The WFE, of which I have the privilege to be the chairman, will continue to maintain close contact with the International Organization of Securities Commissions to focus on regulatory matters to ensure fair, transparent, and efficient markets can be maintained world-wide. The WFE will also remind global policy makers, regulators and stakeholders of the important role of its 54 member exchanges play in capital formation, particularly for small and medium enterprises, and the creation of employment.
Despite the moves by central banks to ease liquidity, aversion to risk is likely to persist. Individuals and institutions will understandably, be cautious in making investment decisions. The Hong Kong stock market is likely to remain volatile. Nevertheless, HKEx will continue to be vigilant about global financial development trends, responsive to market views, and flexible whilst making further progress in strengthening its core capabilities and enhancing its competitiveness in the implementation of its strategic 
Exploring Global Opportunities The listing of Mainland enterprises in Hong Kong since 1993 has remained a win-win situation for them and HKEx.
During my term, the growth of international listings has propelled HKEx to the rank of a global exchange in the Asian time zone. Apart from over 600 Mainland enterprises, there are over 140 enterprises from different parts of the world, including Brazil, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Mongolia, Russia, and Switzerland listed on the Exchange. Indeed, the acceptable jurisdictions as an issuer s place of incorporation have been increased to 23.
Furthermore, overseas issuers can opt to list through Depositary Receipts or seek a secondary listing. More international listings are in the pipeline.
We will continue with our global marketing effort to promote the Exchange as a platform for Mainland and overseas companies to showcase themselves, their products, and their technologies worldwide, and to participate in the growing Mainland and Asian economies and markets. The issuer services that we launched in October 2011 can further assist listed issuers raise their visibility and improve their communication with the investment community.
In order to improve cooperation with our peers, HKEx has been entering into a number of MOUs on cooperation and exchange of information with other exchanges and regulators. As the world is repositioning itself towards multipolar sources of growth with economic power more broadly distributed than before, HKEx made 2 major strategic moves in 2011. We are in discussion with the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange on the establishment of a joint venture company in Hong Kong for the development of index and other equity derivatives products, and the compilation of new indices. In addition, letters of intent were signed in October 2011 with exchanges from Brazil, Russia, India, and South Africa to form the BRICS Exchanges Alliance, aiming to cross-list benchmark equity index derivatives on the boards of each of the other alliance members to be traded in the currency of the host exchange and to further develop innovative products to track the BRICS exchanges. This alliance points to the growing relevance of the BRICS economies and financial markets in the coming decade and further underlines the raison d tre for the BRICS relationship.
Reinforcing the Role as Mainland s Gateway For decades, Hong Kong has been the gateway to the Mainland and its window to the world. The Exchange s role as China s international capital formation centre has also grown with the Mainland s robust economic growth. The acceleration of the RMB s internationalisation presents great opportunities to Hong Kong in its role as a gateway to the Mainland and a channel for capital destined to and from the Mainland.
In the National 12 th Five-Year Plan, Hong Kong was designated to be a major offshore RMB centre and the testing ground to broaden the RMB s role in the world. Furthermore, with the launch of the RQFII (RMB Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors) Pilot Scheme in December 2011, eligible applicants under the Scheme can make use of the RMB raised in Hong Kong to invest in the Mainland securities markets. This marked a significant step for Hong Kong to reinforce its position as the preferred offshore RMB centre.
In response to the opportunities, HKEx has changed our systems to support the growing offshore RMB business in Hong Kong. In April 2011, the successful listing of Hui Xian REIT on the Exchange set an important milestone, as it was the first IPO and listing of RMB-denominated securities in Hong Kong.
Apart from RMB-denominated debt securities and REITs, HKEx is well prepared for the introduction of other products such as RMB-denominated shares, futures and options. We have introduced the Dual Tranche Dual Counter (RMBHKD) model and developed the RMB Equity Trading Support Facility to facilitate listing and trading in RMB-denominated securities. Given the strong market interest in RMB stocks in Hong Kong, it is likely that we will soon see the first IPO of RMB-denominated shares.
Since the debut of A-share industry sector ETFs in 2009, more cross-listings of ETFs on the Exchange, including the first cross-listing from the Taiwan Stock Exchange, were seen. Another noteworthy development is the listing of the world s first RMB- denominated gold ETF on the Exchange on 14 February 2012. Currently, we are exploring cross- market ETFs with the Shanghai Stock Exchange, which would offer Mainland investors exposure to the Hong Kong stock market and vice versa. We believe that ETFs tracking Hong Kong stocks could soon start trading on 
Strengthening HKEx s Core Capabilities The rollout of AMS3.8 in December last year significantly improved our securities market s efficiency and transparency, and it paved the way for future market growth. Our MDS has also been upgraded for better dissemination of quality market data. The NGMDS to be introduced in the middle of 2013, will enable us to launch new market data products and distribute our market data on the Mainland. Meanwhile, we are also considering upgrading HKATSDCASS to a new technology platform. All these initiatives are important steps in raising the capacity, reducing the latency, and further enhancing the overall performance of our 
Another milestone in HKEx s development is the establishment of our new Data Centre which highlights our strategy and future development. To increase HKEx s competitiveness in the world of advanced information technology, we must stay ahead of the game to ensure that our system infrastructure is in line with the latest developments in technology and standards, and subject to prudent risk management. The new Data Centre at Tseung Kwan O is being built to meet the best international standards for reliability and environmental protection. The project has achieved precertification under the US Green Building Council s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) at gold level. With its completion in 2012, we will be able to improve our efficiency by consolidating many key operations under one roof, and contribute to our service offerings by the provision of Hosting Services.
Enhancing HKEx s Competitiveness Our market infrastructure has been evolving over time to meet the ever-changing demand in the financial services industry. We are pleased that the first phase of extension of trading hours was implemented smoothly. The second phase will take effect on 5 March 2012. Thereafter, the gap in trading hours between our markets and our competitors will be reduced further. HKEx s attractiveness to investors will again be enhanced by the introduction of after-hours futures trading in 2012.
By the end of 2011, we had 77 ETFs on the Exchange. Their turnover grew to more than $545 billion, accounting for 3 per cent of our total market turnover.
To promote the further growth of ETFs, our website, which was awarded the Most Informative ETF Website (Asia-Pacific region) in the 7 th Annual ETF Global Awards for the 3 rd consecutive year in 2011, was enhanced to promote greater transparency.
We recognise the importance of our clearing houses to Hong Kong as an international financial centre.
Therefore, we will continue to respond swiftly to the changing regulatory landscape to ensure the robustness of our risk management measures. We are grateful to our Participants for their support to our proposed risk management measures which are aimed to reinforce the long-term stability and competitiveness of 
In addition, HKEx, in support of the Group of Twenty, or G-20, is working on the formation of a clearing house for the clearing and settlement of derivatives traded in the OTC market. While this is part of our effort to minimise systemic risk and promote transparency in the OTC derivatives market, it has its strategic value as well, particularly in line with the trend towards wider use of RMB in international transactions.
The future prosperity of the Hong Kong financial market hinges on its competitiveness. Your Board and the management have been working closely with the Government to modify our market infrastructure.
Nevertheless, the market reform initiatives can never be completed without market participants support. We look forward to continue partnering with them as we proceed along the road of reform.
Developing a Sustainable Marketplace As an exchange operator, our primary responsibility is to ensure the sustainability of our securities and derivatives markets. Building an informed investment community with quality and integrity is always one of our main goals.
The Exchange is committed to advocating high corporate governance standards among listed companies.
The current economic and business environment underscores the need for good corporate governance. In addition to supporting the statutory backing to the price-sensitive disclosure rules, we announced changes in 2011 with respect to the CG Code and other Listing Rules to highlight best corporate governance practices and help sustain market integrity. Most of the changes took effect on 1 January 2012; the others will be introduced in phases.
On our journey towards sustainability, the past few years have proved rewarding. A remarkable milestone is the establishment of the CSR management system to ensure systematic development of our CSR practices within the Group. Since 2009, we have published a standalone CSR Report that reaches the Global Reporting Initiative application level A+ standard annually. Our CSR Report, which delineates our activities as a socially responsible corporate citizen, is available on the HKEx website. I am happy to report to you that our CSR work is recognised, as exemplified by HKEx s inclusion in the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series and the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index since 2010.
In the coming decades, environmental and community issues will be of growing importance, and both are likely to demand swift actions at times. As a frontline regulator, we strongly advocate the integration of sustainability into a company s business practices. In 2011, we introduced an ESG programme to all listed companies to encourage and support their participation in this important area. Through our joint efforts with our listed companies and market participants, we hope to establish a culture that embraces ESG factors.
We welcome market views on our proposed ESG Reporting Guide, which aims to raise ESG awareness and encourage listed companies to start ESG reporting. The consultation will end in April 2012.

My term as your Chairman will end after the 2012 AGM. I am honoured to have been given the opportunity to serve on the Board for 6 years which I have thoroughly and immensely enjoyed. In all the work I have done and in every decision that I have made for the Company, I have been guided by 3 complementary objectives: first, upholding public interest; second, working for the Shareholders interest; and third, reinforcing Hong Kong s position as an international financial centre. I am profoundly grateful to my fellow Board and Committee members, including Dr the Honourable Marvin Cheung, who retired from the Board after the 2011 AGM, and Mr John Harrison, who joined us in April 2011, for their unstinting support and dedication which contribute significantly to HKEx s success. In particular, I would like to thank my colleagues who will also retire after the conclusion of the 2012 AGM, the Honourable Mrs Laura Cha and Dr Moses Cheng, for their devotion and invaluable advice during their 6 years of service on the Board.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend our deepest appreciation for our Shareholders continued support to and confidence in your Board members. I believe that every member will remain committed to delivering the best results for our Shareholders. The Board also wishes to thank our Participants, the community, and all other stakeholders for their unwavering support and understanding. Last, but by no means least, it remains for me to thank the management team and every employee for their hard work and 
I have every confidence that HKEx will continue to play an integral role in the Hong Kong economy, keep up its good work, be mindful of its mission to operate an open, fair, and vibrant marketplace, and contribute to the success of Hong Kong as an international financial centre.
Ronald Joseph ARCULLI 
Hong Kong, 29 February 2012 
