CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present to the shareholders the 2012 annual report.

The financial results of the Group for the fiscal year ended 31 March 2012 showed a strong performance, notwithstanding the challenges and difficulties encountered by the Company over the last year or so. Turnover amounted to HK$18,933,565,000, while net profit rose to HK$1,141,916,000 and profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$953,926,000, representing respectively year-on-year growth of 19.4%, 46.2% and 52.4%.
Basic earnings per share was HK21.76 cents, an increase of 33.4% over the same period last year.
Final Dividend and Closure of Register of 
The Board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK3.92 cents per share for the year ended 31 March 2012 (2011: HK2.20 cents per share), representing an increase of 
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 10 August 2012 to Thursday, 16 August 2012, both days inclusive, (during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered) for the purpose of determining the identity of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the 2012 Annual General Meeting scheduled to take place on Thursday, 16 August 2012 (the 2012 Annual General Meeting ). In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2012 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Suite 1712-16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 9 August 2012.
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 22 August 2012 to Thursday, 23 August 2012, both days inclusive, (during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered) for the purpose of determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2012. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the 2012 Annual General Meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Wednesday, 22 August 2012. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Suite 1712-16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 21 August 2012. The final dividend is expected to be paid to qualified persons on or before 28 September 2012.
China Gas Marks Its First Tenth Anniversary This year marks the tenth anniversary of the establishment of the Group. Let us commemorate this important historical milestone by looking constructively at the problems and hardships faced and remarkable success achieved by the Group in the past decade and looking into the future together.
The year of 2011, which marked the first of China s Twelfth Five-Year Plan, has seen China s economy continue its growth momentum accompanied by rapidly growing energy demand driven by the country s accelerating urbanization and industrialization. To carry forward the sustainable development strategy, Chinese government is expected to continue the restructuring of the country s energy mix by promoting rational utilization of clean energy to support the harmonious development of society, environment and economy. Capturing this opportunity, the Group will further strengthen its operations and services, aiming to extend the potential for its stable growth and maximize the value for shareholders, customers, employees and society in the future.
For the fiscal year under review, the Group has encountered unprecedented difficulties and challenges from circumstances outside of its control. However, the sound management platform, prudent financial control, professional operational skills, service- oriented approach and good corporate governance practices established by the Group during the last decade of corporate development has helped the Group not only to weather such difficulties and challenges but also to grow its gas distribution business as scheduled with improved financial results. Thanks to the unswerving efforts of 20,000 employees and the new executive team, the targets set for the year beginning were achieved with strong improvements in gas sales, gas connection to users, management on safe operations, customer service, fulfillment of corporate social responsibility and development of new business areas.
With 278 investee projects in more than 20 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions across China, the Group is currently the largest cross-region urban gas distributor and operator with integrated distribution operations of piped natural gas and LPG in the PRC. The Group, with annual growth of over 1,000,000 households and new gas pipelines of more than 5,000 km, is one of the fastest growing companies in the PRC gas sector. With the increasing emphasis on China s national energy strategy towards environmentally-clean, low-carbon and low-energy-consumption demand, the Group has established China Gas Clean Energy Company Limited to spearhead the end market for CNGLNG for vehicles and vessels. Developing integrated value-added business, in response to market demand, has been adopted as the Group s core strategy to transform itself from a mere gas distributor into a gas operator and service provider, through which the Group aims to derive long-term and 
Deepening of Corporate Governance and 
Effective corporate governance is the cornerstone for risk control, return enhancement and sustainable development. The Group has placed, and will continue to do so, strong emphasis on effective governance through training and education in order to create and reinforce such awareness by all levels of the Group.
During the fiscal year under review, policies and procedures already in place have been refined with a view to improving the risk management and internal control to ensure that risks of all types are identified, assessed and monitored promptly and that compliance with all relevant laws and regulations are adhered to by all business units. In addition, the Group s internal audit function has been reinforced to enhance its independence and professionalism in order to facilitate the development of the Group s risk management and compliance systems on an on- 
The Group will enrich the content of value-added services and improve marketing effects with a view to gradually raising the weight of value-added services in total operating profit and providing diversified and integrated one-stop energy solution and customer services thus uplifting the profitability and comprehensive competitiveness of its operation and service networks.
In addition, the Group will continue to seek to improve returns from its investments through streamlining of its gas operations in terms of either on asset utilization or operational efficiencies.
Through the establishment of an Asian-based energy collaboration platform, the Group has not only gained a great deal of understanding and trust of its partners and stakeholders, but also built up a strong alliance through which business vision, culture, capital, resources and management skills are shared and complementary advantages created with mutual benefits.
Furthermore, the Group will continue to establish and maintain long-term collaboration with banks at home and abroad to support its future business development plans. Systematic plans and arrangements have also been made for fulfillment of corporate social responsibility through which the Group will be able to meet the higher demand on business ethics, community involvement and environmental protection. Social benefits are attained through a range of activities including community work, caring for the elderly, blood donation and supports to the education cause.
As an indebted corporate citizen, the Group will continue to contribute to the society and fulfill its responsibility in a practical and proactive manner, seeking to uplift the Group s public image, credibility and reputation in the future.
The decade since the Group s inception has evidenced its passion for excellence and aggressive innovations in alignment with the market standards and rules. The Group could not have achieved what it has today without the immense support from all its shareholders and investment public, guidance and directives from the Board and the dedicated efforts of its entire 
In the face of the historic opportunity availed from the on- going restructuring of China s energy consumption sector, we are committed to advancement through transformation and innovations, striving to achieve our ambitious goal of the Second Glory which ultimately aims to bring optimal value for shareholders, customers, employees, our society and the corporate. With these, I like to conclude that, on behalf of the Board of China Gas, here are my sincere thanks to all our shareholders and the investment public for their support and understanding and to all the management team and the staff for their outstanding contribution in the past year, and my heartfelt gratitude to all of our members who have, amongst them, worked exceptionally diligently and complaintlessly during the last fiscal year and for their devotion to the fruitful decade of China Gas.
WONG Sin Yue, Cynthia 
Hong Kong, 28 June 2012 