Message from the Chairman 2010 marks a momentous milestone for HKEx our 10th anniversary as a listed company in Hong Kong since the merger of Hong Kong s securities and futures markets in June 2000. HKEx s market capitalisation of about $190.1 billion as at the end of 2010 was the highest among the world s listed exchanges. Amidst the fast development of our business, our commitment to sustainability has not been lagging behind as we fully recognise our prominent role in promoting the sustainability agenda in the marketplace and addressing the risks and opportunities associated with ESG issues in this increasingly complex and competitive business environment.
The rapid development of emerging economies, in particular the Mainland, has stimulated the growth of the financial markets in Hong Kong in the past decade. At HKEx, we take a holistic approach to ensure that such growth is sustainable and it delivers long-term benefits. We have been diligent in our stakeholder engagement efforts, particularly in seeking market views on new initiatives, and fostering our cooperation with the Mainland and international exchanges, regulators and market practitioners through membership in the WFE of which I have the honour and privilege of serving as its Chairman. Apart from continuing to enhance market integrity and fairness, we expanded our products and services and upgraded our market systems in 2010. HKEx is committed to investing in its IT infrastructure as well as improving its market structure to make Hong Kong even more globally competitive as a financial centre. The development of our Next Generation Data Centre (NGDC) and the planned launch of hosting services business are critical elements of this strategy.
As a market regulator, we relentlessly promote better corporate governance among listed companies and believe that a systematic commitment to disclosure and transparency of ESG issues can help mitigate operational risks and generate business opportunities. In this respect, SEHK is developing a Guide to ESG Reporting for listed companies which will help uphold responsible corporate practices and mitigate investment risk. To set an example, HKEx is committed to playing a leading role by continuing to improve its own CSR disclosure and performance. With the establishment of our CSR Management System during 2010, we are set to better manage our CSR performance and further implement CSR practices that are relevant to our business operations in alignment with the principles and guidance of ISO 26000. We continue to adopt the GRI G3 Guidelines and take into account our stakeholders expectations, particularly those of the responsible investment community, in our CSR reporting with the aim of enhancing accountability and transparency.
I am pleased to report that HKEx has been included in the newly launched Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index Series and the Dow Jones Sustainability Asia Pacific Index for the first time.
Both reinforce our commitment to implementing best sustainability practices. Our stakeholders participation and support underpin our achievements. We look forward to greater and more fruitful collaboration in the future as we continue to develop as an exchange operator that is committed to providing robust markets and a quality workplace, and building a caring community in a healthy 
Ronald Joseph ARCULLI 
