CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that despite the global financial crisis, HKEx fared well on all fronts although the Group s earnings experienced its first decline after consecutive years of growth. I can say without fear of contradiction that 2008 truly tested our financial and operational robustness as our market like those in other major centres experienced not only unprecedented volatility but also instant regulatory tightening.
That said we must not rest in our pursuit to continue to provide investors and issuers worldwide a quality and reliable market.

Given the volatility and weak market sentiment, trading activities in the Cash Market shrank significantly largely because share prices declined sharply. The average daily turnover fell from the highs reached in 2007 to $72.1 billion in 2008, a drop of 18 per cent. The total funds raised in 2008 declined by slightly less than 1 per cent from 2007 to $1,468 billion, mainly attributable to the over 70 per cent drop in funds raised 
On the other hand, the Derivatives Market continued to perform well in 2008, probably attributable to rising hedging needs in a volatile market environment. The average daily number of derivatives contracts traded on the Futures Exchange and the average daily number of stock options contracts traded on the Stock Exchange in 2008 were 207,052 and 225,074, an increase of about 21 per cent and 20 per cent over those in the previous year respectively. Another milestone was recorded on 10 December 2008 when the year-to- date turnover exceeded 100 million futures and options contracts for the first time. For the whole year of 2008, the total number of futures and options traded on the Exchanges in 2008 was 105,006,736 contracts, up 19 per cent from 2007.
Aside from futures and options contracts, other investment and hedging tools are also becoming more popular. The trading turnover in the CBBC market, for instance, increased 14-fold to a record of $1,039.6 billion with over 4,200 newly listed CBBCs during the year, and the trading turnover of ETFs nearly tripled that of 2007.
With uncertainty over the business environment, particularly in the financial sector, and the fear of global economic recession, Hong Kong market s total capitalisation fell by 50 per cent to $10.3 trillion by the end of 2008, as compared to that as at 31 December 2007, while the HSI and H-shares Index dropped by 48 per cent and 51 per cent to 14387 points and 7891 points respectively.
The uncertainties and volatility of the market were not helped when Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc collapsed in September 2008 leading to the SFC issuing a restriction notice on Lehman Brothers Securities Asia Limited ( LBSA ) prohibiting LBSA from settling its outstanding positions in CCASS. Apart from serious concern expressed by the Board and executive management of HKEx to the SFC, the matter was brought to the attention of the Risk Management Committee ( RMC ), a statutory committee formed under Section 65 of the SFO. Suffice to say that the RMC appreciates the importance of a satisfactory and early resolution of this matter, in particular any systemic risk that may arise consequent on similar restriction notice in the future, and is thus closely monitoring on-going discussions between the SFC and HKEx.
Our Financial and Share Performance Although our revenue and other income for the first three quarters in 2008 exceeded that for the corresponding period in 2007 by 6 per cent, the full-year revenue and other income dropped by 10 per cent to $7,549 million due mainly to the weak market turnover in the fourth quarter. The profit attributable to shareholders for 2008 declined by 17 per cent to $5,129 million as compared to that in 2007.
Despite the economic uncertainty, your Board has, after due consideration, decided to recommend a final dividend of $1.80 per share which, together with the interim dividend of $2.49 per share, brings the total dividend for the year to $4.29 per share. The total dividend will be 17 per cent lower than that for 2007, but it will be in line with the drop in the profit attributable to shareholders.
Due to the adverse market sentiment and low market turnover, our closing share price fell from $221.20 per share on 31 December 2007 to $73.60 per share on 31 December 2008, and our market capitalisation correspondingly shrank to $79.1 billion against $236.7 billion at the end of 2007.
Our Global Position HKEx, with a sound financial background, is well-positioned to weather the global financial crisis. HKEx remains one of the top three listed exchanges in terms of market capitalisation in the world. The cost to income ratio of HKEx was 21 per cent in 2008, one of the lowest among global exchanges, and our gearing ratio stayed at zero per cent.
According to a reader s survey by Wall Street Journal Asia, HKEx is one of Hong Kong s five most admired companies in terms of 
In February 2009, HKEx was named as the Stock Exchange of the Year in The Asset Triple A Transaction Banking Awards 2009.
Our Corporate Governance and CSR Development As always, crisis highlights the importance of corporate accountability and transparency. According to a statement from the International Corporate Governance Network, [c]orporate governance failings were not the only cause but they were significant, above all because boards failed to understand and manage risk and tolerated perverse incentives. Enhanced governance practices should therefore be integral to an overall solution aimed at restoring confidence to markets and protecting us from future crises . HKEx, as an exchange operator as well as a listed issuer, has been working closely with the Government, SFC and professional bodies over the years to foster a good corporate governance culture in Hong Kong and within the Company itself to enable the building of an open and reliable market that investors can trust and an accountable and transparent company that safeguards shareholders interests. In October 2008, HKEx was named the best company in Hong Kong in terms of corporate governance by The Asset magazine.
In 2008, HKEx made significant strides as a responsible corporate citizen and it was ranked one of the top 11 leaders among the HSI constituents in a CSR survey conducted by Oxfam Hong Kong. In September 2008, an external consultant completed a review of HKEx s existing CSR policies and practices and the first green audit to identify areas for improvement and sustainable solutions for development. A CSR Committee led by the Chief Executive was subsequently established to manage and oversee CSR development within the Group.
We have also established our CSR Vision, spelling out succinctly our aspirations. HKEx continues to be committed to the tenets of corporate sustainability and seeks to further develop its 
HKEx S CSR VISION To be a responsible corporate citizen committed to the sustainable development of the marketplace, workplace, community and environment, and to promote the development of socially responsible practices in our marketplace and community.
Our Strategy Amid Market Turbulence New waves of volatility are still hitting the global financial systems, and the end of the unprecedented financial crisis is not yet in sight. The economy of Mainland China, which is the strongest in the region and the third largest in the world, also recorded sharp GDP (gross domestic product) growth slowdown from 9 per cent in the third quarter to less than 7 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2008. A RMB 4 trillion economic stimulus package has been introduced by the Central Government to try to maintain the GDP growth at the target of 8 per cent for 2009. Indeed, since then the Central Government appears prepared to introduce additional measures if need be. Slower growth in the region will inevitably adversely affect the Hong Kong financial markets, as well as HKEx.
The speed and severity of the economic recession has nonetheless resulted in quick action of the part of governments of the world s major economies in taking bold stimulus measures. The main thrust seems clear: prevent further decline and deal with the consequences later. Our Government also acted promptly by introducing measures to create employment and to provide liquidity in the money market, guaranteeing most deposits in financial institutions in Hong Kong and making available to our small-and-medium enterprises financing in an otherwise tight liquidity environment. The economic scenario is far from clear but perhaps Hong Kong as part of China and sitting at the heart of Asia, is in an enviable position. This is not to say we will not have our share of the pain of adjustment but we have weathered severe crisis before and have emerged stronger.
Despite the headwinds, HKEx will continue to move forward by exploring new opportunities whilst exercising stringent cost containment measures, and reviewing its organisational structure with a view to rationalising internal processes to improve effectiveness and efficiency but always enhancing market 
We will focus on our core business and will continue pursuing organic growth by implementing our Three-Year Strategic Plan of 2007-2009, which focuses on our Mainland positioning, expanding our businesses and ensuring market quality. As we are moving into the last year of the plan, preparation for the strategic plan of 2010-2012 is underway. We need to tackle the challenges ahead as well as to explore opportunities for HKEx in order to achieve sustainable growth. In this connection, the Board together with the management will remain vigilant to international market developments which may bring about a new financial order . This could also mean new opportunities for HKEx both in exchange-traded product and other areas. We will also enhance communications with different stakeholders in order to ensure that emerging issues or market recommendations are addressed properly in the upcoming strategic plan.

I would like to express my deep appreciation to my fellow Board members for their guidance, constructive contribution and staunch support. I would also like to take this opportunity to thank Mr David Webb who resigned last year for his insights, contribution and active participation in Board discussions during his service on the Board, and to extend my gratitude to Mr John Williamson who was appointed by the Board to fill the casual vacancy. I also commend the excellent work of the chairmen and members of HKEx s Committees and Consultative Panels. As Dr Christine Loh has indicated that she will not stand for re-election at the forthcoming AGM, I, on behalf of the Board, wish to express our sincere thanks to Dr Loh for her invaluable contribution to the Board especially her excellent advice on emissions trading and CSR development in the past 3 years.
On behalf of the Board, I thank the management team and all HKEx s employees for their commitment and passion that they bring to their work.
In particular, I wish to thank Mr Paul Chow, who agreed to stay with us for another year. I am confident that the collective efforts of the management team will well-position HKEx to face challenges ahead.
In conclusion, we thank our shareholders and all our stakeholders for their continued support and confidence in us.
Ronald Joseph ARCULLI 
