CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am delighted to report that 2007 was a record year for HKEx. The strong results achieved for our Shareholders were due to a robust market and staunch support from our wide institutional and retail 
During the year, HKEx, pursuant to the strategy articulated last year, concentrated on its core competencies and advancing as a leading international marketplace for securities and derivatives products focused not only on Hong Kong and the Mainland, but also the rest of Asia. This strategy proved to be rewarding evidenced by the strong increase in trading activities on our platforms.
In 2007, the Group attained the highest income and profit attributable to shareholders since its listing in 2000. Income rose 102 per cent to $8,390 million while profit attributable to shareholders was up 145 per cent to $6,169 million. As an indication of HKEx s operational strength, its return on equity was 48 per cent in 2006 outstripping the industry average of 22.7 per cent, according to the WFE.
HKEx was the best-performing blue chip in 2007 in respect of its increase in share price according to news reports. Its share price soared from $85.5 at the end of 2006 to a high of $265.6 on 2 November 2007 and closed at $221.2 on 31 December 2007. As of 31 December 2007, HKEx s market capitalisation stood at $236.7 billion against $91.1 billion at the end of 
The Board has proposed a final dividend of $3.40 per share for Shareholders approval, which including the interim dividend of $1.79 per share, amount to a total of $5.19 per share for the year, an increase of 144 per cent over the previous year.
Expansion of Cash and Derivatives Markets Despite volatility in the fourth quarter, both the Cash and Derivatives Markets thrived in 2007 on the back of the positive performance of listed companies and a significant inflow of funds.
The stellar performance is summarised below: " Total turnover in the Cash Market amounted to $21,665.5 billion, with average daily turnover of $88.1 billion, about 2.6 times that of 2006.
" Both the HSI and H-shares Index surpassed the 30000-point and 20000-point levels respectively for the first time on 26 October 2007 and 29 October 2007.
" The total market capitalisation of the companies listed on the Stock Exchange as at year-end increased by 55 per cent from 2006 to $20.7 trillion.
" Total equity funds raised exceeded the amount in 2006 by 13 per cent, reaching $590.4 billion.
" The total number of futures and options contracts traded in 2007 was about 88 million. The average daily number of derivatives contracts and stock options contracts were 171,440 and 
Globally, our results in 2007 lifted us to overtake Deutsche Borse to rank first in terms of derivative warrants turnover.
HKEx also surpassed the Australian Securities Exchange to become the largest stock options market in Asia.
As in previous years, the role of Mainland enterprises in our Cash and Derivatives Markets continued to gain in significance with China s rising economic performance. As of the end of 2007, 35 per cent (2006: 31 per cent) of listed issuers and 65 per cent (2006: 63 per cent) of the newly listed companies in the year were Mainland enterprises, which accounted for 58 per cent of the total market capitalisation, compared to 50 per cent in 2006. In addition, 69 per cent of the average daily equity turnover was attributable to Mainland enterprises, compared to 60 per cent in 2006.
Commitment to Market Quality and Sustainable Development HKEx, as the exchange operator, is focused on building not only a profitable company but also sustainable financial markets in Hong Kong. We believe maintaining a quality and reliable marketplace is key to reinforcing investor confidence and achieving sustainable market development. Accordingly, HKEx is committed to fostering high corporate governance standards and enhancing market transparency. The following are some of the initiatives that the Group has been working on.
In August 2007, HKEx released a public consultation on the subject of periodic financial reporting.
HKEx is considering the responses and will publish the conclusions in due course.
A pilot scheme was started on 1 January 2008 requiring a listing applicant to post a WPIP on the HKEx website before providing the information to institutional investors. After the pilot period, the relevant requirements will be codified in the Listing Rules.
In January 2008, HKEx also released a combined consultation on various policies pertaining to corporate governance, such as pre-vetting, general mandates, electronic communication, a review of the Model Code and the public float. These issues have important implications on our longer term development and HKEx will carefully assess responses.
Apart from corporate governance matters, HKEx also works to ensure that it acts in an ethical and socially responsible manner. Although the Group s operations do not have a direct impact on the environment, we believe that everyone can play a part in creating a sustainable future. HKEx is also committed to contributing towards building a caring community spirit and cultivating good corporate citizenship. We are proud to have been recognised as a Caring Company by The Hong Kong Council of Social Service since 2005.
Thus in 2007, in addition to other measures, to conserve valuable natural resources and discourage wastage, the Board approved making annual charitable donations of up to $100,000 to encourage Shareholders to receive corporate communications pertaining to HKEx via electronic means. I invite Shareholders to make use of this option and to help us not only reduce costs, but also the consumption of paper in order to preserve our environment.

We are grateful that HKEx s efforts continue to be recognised by a number of local and overseas professional institutions. According to the CG Watch 2007 Corporate Governance in Asia report published by CLSA Asia-Pacific Markets and the Asian Corporate Governance Association, HKEx was ranked third in terms of corporate governance among over 100 large-cap companies in Asia.
I am also delighted that our work in conjunction with that of the overall financial community have reinforced Hong Kong s standing as a leading international financial centre, as evidenced by the following accolades for our city: National Policies and International Opportunities During the year, the Central Government announced a number of policies to further liberalise the Mainland financial market. With the closer integration of the Mainland and Hong Kong economies, these policies had a considerable impact on the local investing climate, presenting new opportunities for growth and fuelling trading activity.
One such move was in May 2007 when the QDII programme, which was first launched in September 2006 to allow domestic banks, fund houses, securities institutions and insurance companies to invest in fixed-income securities abroad, was relaxed to allow investment in a wider range of financial products including foreign equities.
Another was the Pilot Programme for Direct Foreign Portfolio Investments by Domestic Individuals announced by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange in August 2007, which proposes to allow Mainland Chinese nationals to buy equities in Hong Kong. As the programme would have profound implication on both the Mainland and Hong Kong financial markets, thorough and detailed studies are being undertaken by the Mainland before its possible implementation.
Beyond Hong Kong and the Mainland, we see tremendous opportunities all over the world. As HKEx wants to extend our reach, in particular to countries in the region, intensive marketing is being undertaken to attract investors to and the listings of more overseas companies in Hong Kong. In addition, HKEx frequently joins other high-level delegations promoting Hong Kong overseas.
Local and Global Outlook Hong Kong recorded brisk economic growth in 2007 with the Gross Domestic Product grew by 6.3 per cent, higher than the trend growth for the past 10 years, and the latest unemployment rate fell to 3.4 per cent, the lowest since the first quarter of 1998. Amid this backdrop, with rising asset prices and improved household financial positions, consumption spending and investment have been robust.
Meanwhile, in the Mainland, the growth momentum remained intact in 2007, despite banks being required to increase reserve ratios on 10 occasions and six hikes in interest rates.
However, Hong Kong s financial markets are not free from challenges. The US sub-prime loan crisis evolving since mid-2007 has brought uncertainties to the global financial markets, particularly the concern over a possible economic recession in the US. Closer to home, the Mainland stock markets, measured by the Shanghai Composite Index which reached a closing high of 6092 on 16 October 2007, a gain of over 450 per cent in less than two years, have since fallen over 29 per cent, a movement which has affected Hong Kong. These concerns are still unfolding and it is difficult to assess the extent of its impact on Hong Kong s markets.
Thus, while the economic fundamentals in Hong Kong and the Mainland have been strong, investors should be vigilant about adverse factors which could hamper growth, such as rising inflationary pressures under a negative interest environment, tightening measures in the Mainland to forestall its overheating economy, and the possible adjustments in the global investment environment.
To be able to withstand changes and achieve long-term growth, HKEx will continue to seek improvements to the quality and foundation of Hong Kong s financial markets as we pursue our Strategic Plan 2007-2009, and to position ourselves to effectively and efficiently capture potential 
I take this opportunity to thank my fellow Directors for their continued support and immeasurable contribution to HKEx. I particularly acknowledge the dedication of members of HKEx s various Board Committees and Consultative Panels. On behalf of all Directors, I would also like to pay tribute to the outstanding efforts of HKEx s management and employees which secured for us the strong results of 2007. They are our most valuable asset and I look forward to their continued dedication and hard work. My deep gratitude also goes to our Shareholders and stakeholders for their ongoing invaluable 
Ronald Joseph ARCULLI 
