CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders and Friends:
On behalf of the Board of Directors, the
management and all the staff of Sinopec Corp.,
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to
our shareholders and the wider community for
your interest and support.
In 2016, as a result of low oil prices, the
Company faced a challenging and complex
operating environment. Given those conditions,
on one hand, in light of the government’s new
thinking about the country’s development,
the Company took a visionary approach to
the future. Guided by our strategies of valueoriented
growth, innovation-driven development,
integrated resource allocation, openness
to cooperation, and green, low-carbon
development, we formulated our 13th Five-Year
Plan and has been continuously creating new
and sustainable competitive advantages. On the
other hand, in view of the difficulties that low
oil prices created for our upstream operations,
along with slower growth in downstream
demand and structural changes in the external
environment, we intensified our reform initiatives
and implemented stricter controls over our
investment plans in tandem with a series of
major reforms on the supply side. Over the past
year, our focus on transformation of growth
mode and structural adjustments allowed us
to improve the quality and efficiency of our
assets as well as upgrade our operations. Under
the management’s leadership, the entire staff
united to advance these goals. We achieved
significant improvement in our operating results
through unrelenting joint efforts to explore new
markets, optimise our operations, reduce costs
and improve risk management. Together, these
achievements represented an exceptional start
to our 13th Five-Year Plan.
In 2016, in accordance with the IFRS, the
Company recorded a turnover and other
operating revenue of RMB 1,930.9 billion.
Profit before taxation was RMB80.2 billion,
represented a 42.1% increase year on year,
of which profit attributable to owners of the
Company amounted to RMB46.7 billion,
represented a 43.6% increase year on year.
Taking into account the Company’s profitability,
shareholders return and the need for future
development, the Board of Directors proposed
a final dividend of RMB 0.17 per share, which,
combined with the interim dividend of RMB
0.079 per share, brought the full-year dividend
to RMB 0.249 per share. The dividend payout
ratio reaches 64.6%.
Over the past year, in its efforts to implement
supply-side structural reform, the Company
benefited from its integrated value chain, which
allows our businesses to complement each
other well. As we increased the effective supply
of petroleum and petrochemical products and
related services to the community, we reaped
economic benefits and improved our asset
utilisation. To cope with harsh conditions in the
upstream sector, we strengthened measures
to rein in costs and address our weaknesses.
At the same time, we gave priority to highefficiency
exploration activities and made a
number of important new discoveries. In line
with our emphasis on profitability, we made
continuous improvements in our oil production
and trimmed production of high-cost oilfields,
thereby effectively controlling our production
costs. The Company also continuously improves
its energy structure by increasing production of
shale gas. As a result, domestic gas production
for the year reached 21.6 billion cubic meters,
while we further developed Fuling shale gas
field, China’s first large-scale shale gas project,
to an annual capacity of 7 billion cubic meters.
Our energy structure improved steadily as
our gas supply in the Yangtze River Economic
Belt and the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region
continued to grow. In downstream operations,
the Company achieved robust results by taking
advantage of market opportunities to expand
the effective supply of mid-range and highend
products. We optimised the structure of
our refinery products according to market
demand and vigorously promoted applications
of new technologies, leading to a lower dieselto-gasoline
ratio. Moreover, we pressed ahead
with upgrading of our oil product specification
to ensure implementation of GB V standards for
automobile gasoline and diesel fuels and the GB
VI standards for Beijing. At the same time, we
eliminated obsolete and low-efficiency productionfacilities. In the chemical business, we adhered
to development of basic and high-end chemicals.
We further increased the proportion of high end
products from three major synthetic materials.
As we enhanced our efforts in new product
development, we pressed ahead with integration
of production, sales, research and consumption,
striving to offer comprehensive solutions to
customers. Meanwhile, we continuously adapted
our marketing initiatives to reflect the latest
market trends. With our superior network,
we delivered more environmentally friendly
premium gasoline products to the market. In
addition, we complemented our marketing
activities by growing our emerging businesses.
We continuously expanded our business types
and product varieties in an aim to provide onestop
service to our customers. Transaction value
of our emerging business surged by 41%. These
results mark an important milestone for us in
our development as an comprehensive service
provider.
In 2016, the Company further enhanced
cooperation with our business partners. In our
overseas operations, we were actively involved
in expanding projects across the Belt and Road
region and we continued to make progress in
developing a number of major projects, such
as the Yanbu refinery in Saudi Arabia, which
commenced operations during the year. In our
domestic businesses, the Company further
strengthened its mixed-ownership operations
and partnered with 14 provinces and cities in
China to drive the development of our natural
gas business. We brought in new investors to
Sichuan-to-East China Pipeline Co., raising RMB
22.8 billion. Meanwhile, Sinopec Marketing Co.
Ltd.’s shareholding reform progressed smoothly.
While we have continued developing our refining
and chemical production bases and shifting our
focus towards mid-range and high-end products,
we increased our efforts to find additional
opportunities for cooperation in various sectors
with the aim of enabling all participants to enjoy
the benefits of shared development.
In 2016, the Company continued to improve
its management and operating efficiency. We
diligently promoted a corporate culture of
rigorousness, meticulousness and pragmatism,
thus ensuring that we conducted our operations
in compliance with applicable laws and
regulations. At the same time, we integrated our
internal control and risk management systems
and further improved our controls on investment
and financial management. We also increased
our efforts to promote information-based,
intelligent operations throughout the Company
and to develop our data sharing platform. As
a result, we achieved effective control over our
expenses and kept inventories at reasonable
levels. Moreover, we enjoyed abundant free cash
flow and maintained the ratio of liabilities to
assets at a low level.
Over the past year, the Company actively
fulfilled its social responsibilities and firmly
established itself as a good corporate
citizen. We advanced our green, low-carbon
development initiatives as we delivered more
environmentally friendly products. We also
successfully concluded our Clear Water, Blue
Sky environmental campaign, achieving further
declines in the emissions of major pollutants.
We stressed the importance of biodiversity and
strove to minimise the environmental impact
of our operations. Meanwhile, we continued
to open up the Company to public scrutiny.
As a people-oriented enterprise, we reinforced
workplace safety for our employees and secured
their legitimate rights and interests. In 2016,
we earmarked a total of RMB 6.584 billion
to promote social, educational, medical and
healthcare development in the areas where we
have operations. In addition, we stepped up
targeted measures to combat poverty, reduce
privation in impoverished areas in Qinghai and
Tibet, with total donations amounted to RMB
133 million to help local residents achieve
sustainable development.
Looking ahead to 2017, we expect the global
political and economic landscape to become
more complex, with international oil prices
hovering at low levels. Meanwhile, we believe
that more positive trends will emerge in China’s
economy, driving faster growth in domestic
demand for petroleum and petrochemical
products. The Company will adhere to its
development strategies of value-oriented growth,
innovation-driven development, integrated
resource allocation, openness to cooperation,
and green, low-carbon development. In
accordance with our objective of progressing at a
steady pace, we will strive to achieve safety and
environmental friendly goals, stable production
and operations, and steady improvements in
operating results. On top of that, we will actively
pursue market opportunities and further deepen
supply-side structural reform. While redoubling
efforts to implement structural adjustments,
we will promote technological innovations and
prudently implement mixed-ownership reforms.
In addition, we will explore ways to create a
new business model that will capitalise on our
finance business to support development of core
physical operations. These measures will help us
rejuvenate our operations, enhance our operating
efficiency and augment the profitability of our
assets. We will take advantage of opportunities
that arise from the government’s support
policies, including reforms in the oil and gas
sector and in state-owned enterprises as well
as the Belt and Road initiative, to enhance the
quality and profitability of our business.
In 2017, under the Company’s 13th Five-Year
Plan, our planned capital expenditures will be
RMB 110.2 billion. We will strive to increase our
upstream reserves and resource base. We will
also expand natural gas, especially shale gas,
businesses to promote gas consumption in the
Yangtze River Economic Belt. In the refining and
chemical businesses, we will build four worldclass
refining bases, in Mao Zhan, Zhenhai,
Shanghai and Nanjing. We will promote further
upgrades in oil products and improve our
capability to deliver high-end, high-value-added
products. At the same time, we will give full
play of our advantages in the marketing network
and brand name to supply the market with
cleaner oil products and reinforce our efforts
to tap potentials in our emerging businesses
and transform into an comprehensive services
provider. Through the implementation of Energy
Efficiency Doubling Plan and Green Enterprises
Action Plan, we will endeavor to become the
leading green, low-carbon operators in the
industry.
The Board of Directors and I believe that through
the joint efforts of the Board, the management
and all the staff, coupled with the support of our
shareholders and the wider community, Sinopec
Corp. will continue to make progress in its
various businesses, growing stronger and bigger
and delivering greater value to our shareholders
and our society.
Wang Yupu
Chairman
Beijing, China
24 March 2017