Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I would like to present to the shareholders the 2005 annual report.
Undoubtedly, 2004 was an unprecedented and developing year for China Gas. We owe our success to the effort made by the Directors, the management and the staff of China Gas and the strong growth in the natural gas business in China. Our success has not merely been a matter of being in the right place at the right time. The strategic investments we made in our infrastructure over the past two financial years have positioned China Gas as one of the major players in China s natural gas market. We commit to make these long-term investments benefit to our shareholders.
Our financial results were promising. For the financial year ended March 31, 2005, turnover amounted to HK$410,202,000, profit attributable to shareholders was HK$ 132,249,000 and earnings per share was HK7.17 cents, accumulated connected domestic households were 411,064 households and accumulated connected industrial and commercial customers were 524 users. The Group s total sales of natural gas reached 37,099,520 m 3 for the period 
Given the cash need for continual business expansion, the Board resolved not to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2005.
During the period, the Group had already secured 14 new pipeline natural gas projects. Among them, the largest and the most significant project is the one located in Jiangbei district, Nanjing city, Jiangsu province. This is the Group s first natural gas project to have its investment in such sizable city and this is also the first project of which its licence to operate pipelined gas was granted through open tendering.
We are pleased that China Gas was being recognized as one of the major players in the natural gas industry in 
Market capitalization of the Company was doubled since the last financial year. Shareholding structure of the Company also has a new era. Hai Xia Finance Holdings Limited, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Strait Taiwan Affair Office becomes the largest shareholder of the Company follow by Sinopec Corp. and GAIL (India) Limited. Both Sinopec Corp. and GAIL (India) Limited are well-known international natural gas investors and they subscribed the shares of the Company in late 2004 and early 2005 respectively. In addition, the Company also signed a strategic co-operation agreement with Sinopec Corp. for comprehensive cooperation in the areas of natural gas exploration and extraction, transportation and trading, purchases and supplies, natural gas projects investment, the construction and operation of urban gas pipeline network and information and human resources exchange. In mid- 2004, the Company had signed a memorandum of understanding with Gazprom, a Russian open joint-stock company and is the largest gas producing company in the world. In early 2005, the Company had signed two memorandum of understanding with City Gas Pte. Ltd and Korea Gas Corporation respectively in respect of a number of strategic and business cooperation opportunities between the parties. We did position ourselves as one of the important player in piped natural gas network in Asia and our strategic moves attracted international attention and most importantly, this enable our Group moves toward 
As concluded, we are excited by the future because we have our position in the China s natural gas market. In future, we will continue to drive China Gas s growth. We will upgrade our technological capability, advance our management and technological skill and strengthen our competitiveness in the natural gas market in China. We look forward to the Group s earning ability to be further strengthened, market sharing to be further increased and revenue to be further broadened. Finally, we thank for our shareholders for their faithfully support; our staff, the management team and the fellow board members for their endeavors and dedication; investors and bankers for their ongoing support and confidence.
Li Xiao Yun 
July 8, 2005 