Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board of Directors
of China Gas Holdings Limited,
I am pleased to present to the
shareholders the 2016/17 annual
report.RESULTS
For the year ended 31 March 2017, the Group’s three major business segments (i.e. natural gas sales plus pipeline
connection, LPG sales and value-added businesses) recorded considerable increases in both financial and operating results.
The Group’s total consolidated revenue increased by 8.5% year-on-year to HK$31,993,323,000; consolidated gross profit
amounted to HK$8,376,826,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.1%. Benefiting from the Group’s exceptional
operating performance and the reduction of one-off items such as exchange losses, the Group’s profit attributable to the
owners of the Group surged 82.5% to HK$4,147,732,000; and basic earnings per share were HK84.51 cents, representing
a year-on-year increase of 84.6%.
DIVIDEND
The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Board”) resolved to recommend payment of a final dividend of HK20 cents per
share to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 18 August 2017 (the record
date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend). Together with the interim
dividend of HK5 cents per share paid to the shareholders on 27 January 2017, the total dividend for the year ended 31
March 2017 amounts to HK25 cents per share (total dividend for the year ended 31 March 2016 amounted to HK19.46
cents per share).
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS
To be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting
For the purpose of determining the shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general
meeting (“AGM”), the register of members of the Company will be closed from 7 August 2017 (Monday) to 10 August 2017
(Thursday) (both days inclusive), during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be registered. In order to qualify for
attending and voting at the forthcoming AGM to be held on 10 August 2017 (Thursday), all transfers of shares accompanied
by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar and transfer
office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,
183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on 4 August 2017 (Friday).
To qualify for the proposed final dividend
For the purpose of determining the shareholders who are entitled to receive the proposed final dividend for the year ended
31 March 2017, the register of members of the Company will be closed from 16 August 2017 (Wednesday) to 18 August
2017 (Friday) (both days inclusive), during which no transfer of shares will be registered. Subject to the approval of the
shareholders at the forthcoming AGM, the final dividend will be payable on or about 29 September 2017 (Friday) to the
shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 18 August 2017 (Friday). In order to
qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer
forms must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited at Shops 1712–16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later
than 4:30 p.m. on 15 August 2017 (Tuesday).
CHAIRMAN’S PROSPECT
The world economy is gradually recovering against the backdrop of low oil prices and the effects of Brexit, recovery of the
US dollar and international geopolitical impacts remain uncertain, coupled with the on-going potential risks brought about by
global financial turmoil. The China’s economy in 2016 maintained its long-term favorable fundamentals and the upgrade of
the industrial structure and adjustment to the energy structure as driven by the government through the “supply side reform”
remained in the critical period. In addition, as the energy demand growth slowed down and eco-environmental constraints
were continuously strengthened, the government has introduced a series of measures to proactively support the
development of new energy and clean energy, coupled with the intensive launch of reform policies to vigorously promote the
natural gas market reform, the opening of oil and gas pipeline network facilities, and regulation and supervision of the
pipeline transmission tariff. All of these will have a positive impact on boosting the natural gas consumption and create
favorable policies and market environment for the sustainable development of natural gas industry in China.
During the financial year, the Group
constantly blazed new trails and
proactively kept forging ahead to match
with the national energy reform. It
vertically pushed forward with its
management model reform following
the development ideas of innovation,
coordination, green and win-win. In
respect of business development, it
comprehensively promoted the “3211
strategy” i.e. implementing the rapid
development of old state-owned
enterprises through reform, helping
small and medium-sized enterprises to
cope with their difficulties and quickly
improve the performance, and
enhancing the gas sale volume of
individual gas refilling stations. The
Group continued to vigorously promote
the natural gas market development,
achieved the rapid development of the
LPG segment, and proactively
developed the value-added businesses and accelerated the development of new clean energy solutions. At the same time,
the Group responded to the national call of active air pollution control, and vigorously promoted the “replacement of coal
with gas” for industrial and commercial industries, and launched the project of “replacement of coal with gas” in respect of
winter heating for township households. These progress and achievements have laid a solid foundation for the Group to
achieve its medium and long-term strategic goal.
Looking forward, in terms of strategy development, the Group will continue to focus on promoting the in-depth
implementation of “3211 strategy” and build a new pattern of strategic development with “one main and one new business
line plus all other related business types”. It will realize the steady growth of natural gas and LPG business and vigorously
build up the powerful growth engine of “replacement of coal with gas” to promote the rapid development of value-added
businesses, with the strategic layout for new businesses such as the distributed energy, heating, electricity distribution and
sales business, photovoltaic and charging pile. The Group will enhance its operation and management efficiency and further
strengthen its core competitiveness through technological innovation, management innovation, service innovation, business
model innovation and capital operation innovation to promote the healthy, persistent and rapid business development and
achieve the strategic transformation from an city gas operator to an city clean energy operator, thereby striving to become
China’s most professional city clean energy solution provider.
The Group will continue to take advantage of national preferential policies for speeding up the reform and development of
clean energy industry, and proactively practice the concept of green development, advocate the green, low-carbon,
recycling and sustainable approaches of production and life style. It will strengthen the cooperation for ecological and
environmental protection, and build up the ecological civilization, with in-depth promotion for the fulfillment of corporate
social responsibility. Moreover, it will create the maximum value for shareholders, customers, employees, cooperation
partners and social stakeholders through a variety of approaches, and provide core competitiveness and sustainable
development capacity for the enterprise, thereby striving to make the Company the world’s leading integrated city clean
energy service provider having green and sustainable business development.
Mr. ZHOU Si
Chairman