CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Dear shareholders and friends: On behalf of the Board of Directors of Sinopec Corp., I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders and the wider community for your interest and support.
The year 2015 was marked by a weak recovery in the global economy, a slowdown in Chinese economic growth, record lows in global oil prices and weak demand for petroleum and chemical products in China. Despite of the extremely challenging environment, we took full advantage of our integrated business model, implemented effective measures to drive new resources of growth while cutting our costs, continued to make structural adjustments and technology innovation, and managed to make progress on 
During the year, the Company s upstream business successfully addressed the difficult market conditions through its flexible arrangement of investment and production and substantial reductions in costs and expenditures. In exploration and production of shale gas, we achieved strong growth in both reserves and production. The production capacity of the first phase of the Fuling shale gas field reached 5 billion cubic meters per year. The refining and chemical businesses, thanks to continuously optimised production and structure, recorded significant performance results as an important contributor to the profits of the Company. The upgrading of oil products was completed on schedule, with the mix of high-value-added products further increased. We optimised our oil product sales portfolio, and the non-fuel business grew rapidly, supporting the Company s efforts to become an integrated service provider. Sinopec Marketing Co. completed its restructuring and capital injection, with a new governance structure established. We made breakthroughs in technical innovation. The proprietary, high-efficiency, and environmentally friendly aromatics technology was commercialised and granted the National Science and Technology Progress Award. The Company obtained a total of 3,769 patents in 2015. The Company chartered new courses for its international operations by expanding overseas presence in midstream and downstream businesses. The YASREF refinery in Saudi Arabia was officially on stream and inaugurated under the witness of the State leaders of China and Saudi Arabia. A number of chemical projects were well under way in the Far East and the Middle East. The international trading arm achieved reliable resource security and cost effectiveness. And sound financial management and capital operations effectively supported value creation in our main businesses.
In 2015, we improved our corporate governance and management efficiency. The Board of Directors and its four committees were optimised. The directors of the Board are leading professionals in their respective fields, with each complementing the strengths of the others. The independent directors also played constructive roles. The Company amended and standardised its Articles of Association with a focus on shareholders returns, and the shareholders approved the continuing connected transactions over the next three years. In the meantime, the Company carried forward the rich legacy and culture in China s energy petrochemical industry, including rigorous, detail-oriented and efficient business ethics, down-to-earth practice in competence building, strong devotion in accountability, and effective motivation initiatives for employees.
The Company took steps to strengthen the internal control system and ensure its effective implementation. As a result, we saw no incidents of material risks in 2015.
During the year, the Company has been committed to value creation driven by continued corporate social responsibility.
We invested in the Clear Water and Blue Sky Campaign and actively promoted the Energy Conservation Plan. The Company did not have any material safety incidents in 2015. The energy intensity decreased by 1.6%; industrial water consumption dropped by 1.0%; COD in discharged wastewater was down by 4.1%; emissions of sulphur dioxide dropped by 4.8%; and all hazardous chemicals and liquid, gas, and solid wastes were properly treated. We have been actively supporting various philanthropic projects to promote the development of local communities and support the poor and the unprivileged. And we participated in disaster prevention and relief programs as well as the Lifeline Express project. The Company continued to support the UN Global Compact and its principles, leading other Chinese enterprises to jointly promote green and low-carbon growth.
In 2015, turnover and other operating income under International Financial Reporting Standards was RMB 2.02 trillion, down by 28.6% from the previous year. Profit for the year was RMB 43.7 billion, down by 8.9% from that of 2014, while profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was RMB 32.4 billion, down by 30.2% from that of 2014. The liability-to- asset ratio declined to 45.66%. Taking into consideration the Company s profitability, shareholders return and future development, the Board of Directors proposed the final dividend of RMB 0.06 per share, which, combined with the interim dividend of RMB 0.09 per share, brought the full-year dividend to RMB 0.15 per share.
Looking ahead, the global economy is expected to be characterised by slow growth, weak international trade, low inflation, sluggish investments and high levels of debt. Chinese economy may face downward pressure while maintaining its moderate growth. International oil prices are expected to remain at a low level, and the Company is facing changing market and intense competition, as well as greater constraints in resources and environment.
However, the Company is fully confident to meet all-round challenges. Over the years, Sinopec Corp. has built on solid foundations, well equipped with advanced technologies, proficient human resources, robust management excellence and a strong corporate culture. The Company benefits from the integrated value chain of upstream, midstream and downstream operations and enjoys competitive advantages in its refining and chemical expertise, extensive marketing network and wide-spread international presence, which in combination will help Sinopec Corp. address the challenges and drive healthy and sustainable growth.
In the first year of China s 13th Five-Year Plan, in response to the development concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing initiated by the Chinese government, we will implement five corporate strategies, including value-orientation, innovation-driven development, integrated resource allocation, open cooperation, and green and low-carbon growth, to promote quality and profitability as well as the sustainable development of the Company. On value-orientation strategy, we will focus value creation on all aspects to improve asset quality and value. On innovation-driven development, we will promote innovation in science and technology, management, product development, services and business model and accumulate greater momentum and potentials for growth. On integrated resource allocation, we will take advantage of the synergies among our businesses to improve allocation, optimisation and efficiency of energy and other resources to ensure sufficient, balanced and synergetic resource supplies. On open cooperation strategy, we will capture the strategic opportunities arising from the Belt and Road Initiative to actively participate in overseas oil and gas exploration and production, refining and chemical operation and trading, improving our international operations and management excellence. Our open cooperation strategy will facilitate positive and sound progress in mixed ownership reforms to unleash the vitality, management, market dominance and risk resilience of the Company.
On green and low-carbon growth, we will vigorously implement energy-saving, emission reduction and low carbon initiatives, develop clean energy, and supply environmentally friendly products. The Company is committed to green growth in harmony with the society and 
In 2016, the Company will focus on the above strategies, leveraging the opportunities arising from favorable national policies and economic growth in China to drive quality upgrading and endogenous growth from reform, innovation and competition. We aim for sharpened competitive edge and speed up the transformation and structural adjustment of the Company. Capital expenditures for 2016 will be consistent with the strategies, focusing on returns on investment, as well as quality and profitability. The Company plans to arrange the full-year capital expenditures of RMB 100.4 billion, down by 10.6% from the previous year. Capital investment will mainly be used in the second phase of the Fuling shale gas development, the gas pipeline expansion and construction of storage facilities for the Sichuan-East China Gas Pipeline project, the revamping projects at Zhenhai and Maoming refineries as well as other locations, the quality upgrading of oil products on China s GBV standard for keeping the predominance in oil products quality, the extension of the sales and logistics network, and non-fuel business as well as other new businesses development for steady growth in both market share and sales volume.
I am convinced, together with the Board of Directors, that with the support of our shareholders and people from all fabrics of the society, and through the concerted efforts of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors, the management team and all of our employees, Sinopec Corp. will be able to address the challenges, forging ahead with vitality, creating sustained value for the nation, our shareholders, our employees and the greater society.

