Chairman s Statement " Turnover was HK$6,323,823,000, an increase of approximately 147.8% over the same period last year.
" Accumulated connected domestic households, accumulated connected industrial users and accumulated connected commercial users were 3,745,370 users, 420 users and 28,511 users respectively, an increase of approximately 66.2%, 127.5% 47.5% over the same period last year.
" Natural gas sales volume amounted to 2,130,295,000 cubic metres, an increase of approximately 104.2% over the same period last year.
" LPG sales volume amounted to 495,155 tonnes.

Amid such unfavorable global economic environment, the Group maintained satisfactory results for the financial year ended March 31, 2009. Turnover was HK$6,323,823,000 as compared to HK$2,552,075,000 in 2008, representing a substantial growth of 147.8%. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$103,679,000; whilst earnings per share was HK3.11 cents.
Final Dividend and Closure of Registrar of Members The Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK1.4 cents (2008: HK1.2 cents) per share for the year ended March 31, 2009.
The registrar of members of the Company will be closed from August 24, 2009 to August 28, 2009, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopwell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 pm on August 21, 2009. The final dividend, if approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on August 28, 2009, is expected to be paid to qualified persons on or before September 30, 2009.
New Projects Development For new projects development, the Group had secured 42 new city gas projects in six provincesautonomous regionsdirectly-administered cities over the past year. Of these cities gas projects, the Group acquired 28 city gas projects from Fujian Anran Gas Investment Company, Ltd., whist three were in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region; four in Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region; four in Liaoning Province; two in Heilongjiang Province and one in Shaanxi Province. In addition, the Group also invested in one long distance natural gas pipeline in Chongqing City with an annual gas transmission capacity of 2.0 billion cubic metres and another one in Hubei Province with an annual gas transmission capacity of 1.85 billion cubic metres.
In April 2009, the Group acquired 49% equity interest in Fujian Anran Gas Investment Company, Ltd. and hence the operation and management over its 28 city piped gas projects. This transaction has significantly expanded our natural gas user base and sales volume, and also underpinned our position in Fujian Province s gas market.
Apart from the above city gas projects and involvement in the construction of long distance gas pipeline, the Group acquired Zhejiang Zhongyou Hua Dian Group, the largest LPG trader in China, during the past financial year.
It is well known that we have been focusing on the supply of natural gas over the past six years in pursuit of better living conditions and standards for everyone in the country. Up to now, however, the shift in daily energy source to natural gas is yet to take place for a large number of citizens as the construction of natural gas pipelines requires higher concentration of population. Accordingly, natural gas application can only be concentrated in city centers rather than suburban and rural areas. Given the scattered population in suburban and rural areas, users have to rely on other sources of energy such as coal gas and LPG to meet their daily needs. However, with coal gas fading out for serious environmental issues and no support from the local government, LPG has become the primary fuel for suburban and rural consumers. In adhering our beliefs, the Group expanded into China s LPG market in 2008 and completed the acquisition of 83% equity interest in Zhejiang Zhongyou Hua Dian Group during the financial year.

Despite the impact of the global financial meltdown on the commercial credit activities, the Group continued to receive strong funding support from a number of international banks in the past financial year. In June 2008, the Group obtained a syndicated loan totaling US$45 million from OCBC and other international commercial banks.
The interest rate on such credit facility was more favorable than that of a high-yield bond of a similar tenor in the international capital market, and this demonstrates the Group s credibility in the banking community, and the recognition of the Group s business prospects. While domestically, China Development Bank, the state s policy bank and the four major commercial banks continue to provide strong RMB funding support for the Group.

Over the past year, the Board operated smoothly and all the Board members actively participated in board meetings and attended directors training sessions, as well as discussed and exchanged views from time to time on matters relating to the business development direction and financing of the Group as well as industry trend and global economy. I strongly believe that such composition of our Board will, for sure, drive the business momentum of the Group In March 2009, Mr. Mark Gelinas, representing Oman Oil Company, S.A.O.C., resigned from his position as non- executive director of the Company as a result of reshuffling. On behalf of all the members of the Board, I would like to extend our gratitude for the services provided and contribution made by Mr. Gelinas during his directorship with the Company. In his stead, Oman Oil Company, S.A.O.C. nominated Mr. William Rackets as non-executive director whilst SK Group also nominated Mr. Kim Joong Ho as non-executive director. I, on behalf of the board, hereby welcome both of them to join the Company in strong belief that their extensive industry experience will avail the Group of much more valuable ideas.
I will continue to ensure the Board to maintain high standards of governance and leverage on its expertise and experience to lead the Group to become a global natural gas company.

Despite the far-reaching impact of the abrupt global financial meltdown on the world s economy, China has still recorded a growth for the first two quarters of 2009 with a sustained strong demand for energy. During the past year, the Group followed its consistent investment strategy by actively investing in both downstream city gas projects and midstream long distance gas pipeline projects and more importantly, expanding into China s LPG market through the acquisition of Zhongyou Hua Dian to improve its competitiveness in China s overall gas supply market. In the past financial year, our LPG distribution business has become one of the major revenue sources of 
Looking forward to the next financial year, for the city gas distribution segment, the Group will continue to seek investment opportunities of city gas projects across mid and large cities in China where reasonable return can be expected. Although domestic property market has experienced a major change from overheated development into a recession, the connection fee collected by the Group remains substantially intact. As the government endeavors to launch the clean energy policies, the Group is expected to see more city gas users switching to natural gas. Moreover, as the shortage in upstream gas sources alleviates, the Company will speed up the conversion program for the existing residential, industrial and commercial users in its 110 cities and accelerate the connection of new users so as to drive increased usage of natural gas and expedite the development of domestic CNG refilling business.
For LPG, the Group will strengthen the business cooperation with upstream suppliers and fully utilize the existing terminal loading and storage capacities and distribution network of Zhongyou Hua Dian Group so as to expand the LPG wholesale and retail businesses. The LPG business of the Group is expected to generate sustainable revenue and profit growth to the Group.
The Group will continue to adopt a prudent and sound approach to monitor the operational and financial management of the project companies. Besides, the Group will continue to establish and maintain long-term working relationships with domestic and overseas banks so as to cope with the future business development and planning of the Group. Meanwhile, the Group is fully aware of the importance and impact of corporate social responsibility. Accordingly, the Group will continue to manage the project facilities in our places of operation in a responsible manner and actively participate in the social affairs therein.
Lastly, I would like to express my thanks to our staff, the management team and the fellow board members for their endeavors and hard work. I am also grateful to our shareholders for their full support of our business strategies, as well as to the banking community and investors for their confidence, encouragement and recognition.
Li Xiao Yun 
July 21, 2009 