CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Turnover was HK$15,861,880,000, an increase of approximately 55.3% over the same period last year.
Accumulated connected domestic households, accumulated connected industrial users and accumulated connected commercial users were 6,078,806 users, 1,270 users and 37,470 users respectively, an increase of approximately 25.7%, 56.8% and 11.9% over the same period last year.
Natural gas sales volume amounted to 4,452,403,000 m 3 , an increase of approximately 31.7% over the same period 
LPG sales volume amounted to 984,600 tonnes.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2011, turnover of the Group amounted to HK$15,861,880,000, significantly increased by 55.3% over HK$10,211,959,000 in 2010; profit attributable to shareholders reached HK$625,896,000, with earnings per share of HK16.31 cents.
Final Dividend and Closure of Registrar 
The Board resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of HK2.2 cents per share (2010: HK1.7 cents per share) for the year ended 31 March 2011. The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from 22 August 2011 to 23 August 2011 (both days inclusive). In order to quality for the proposed final dividend, all transfer documents must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Rooms 1712-16, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on 19 August 2011. The final dividend, which is subject to the approval by the shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 16 August 2011, is expected to be paid to qualified persons on or before 30 September 2011.
Development of New Projects For new projects development, the Group had secured 28 new city gas projects in 11 provinces, autonomous regions and directly administered cities over the past year. The Group invested in two city gas projects in Liaoning Province, one in Heilongjiang Province, one in Gansu Province, one in Hebei Province, one in Hubei Province, one in Jiangxi Province, two in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, three in Anhui Province and five in Guangdong Province. In addition, the Group obtained another three city gas projects in Shandong Province and eight in Henan Province upon the acquisition of Zhongyu Gas.
In March 2011, the Group announced the acquisition of Panva Gas, the largest LPG end retailer in the PRC. The move remarkably boosted the LPG end user base of the Group and LPG sales, as well as enabled the Group to establish an integrated supply chain for its LPG operation in the southeastern coastal regions and the middle and downstream of Yangtze River.

In October 2010, the Group successfully raised HK$3,070,000,000 through the placing of 718,556,000 new shares to investors. The fund-raising noticeably enhanced the Group s liquidity, reduced its gearing ratio and bettered its capital structure. I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our shareholders for their constant 
Despite the austerity policy promulgated by the PRC government as part of macro-control initiative against the backdrop of inflation, the Group managed to continuously receive strong financial support from China Development Bank and other large commercial banks in the past financial year which provided loans and standby credit facilities for the Group s business development in various fields, demonstrating the Group s well-established credibility in the banking industry and the widespread recognition of its management, operation and prospects. I would like to tender my special appreciation to China Development Bank for granting a refinancing facility during the financial year of US$220 million for a term of eight years, which assisted the Group in further improving its debt structure.
Our Board of Directors The last fiscal year has been challenging for the Group as there has been relatively significant changes in the composition of the board of directors of the Group.
Mr. Liu Ming Hui, the former managing director of the Group, together with another senior executive of the Group, had been detained for investigation by the Shenzhen police since December 2010 for suspected embezzlement of the assets of an organization in which they have duties (wROTOj) and they were formally arrested in January 2011. The case remains under investigation and no charges have been filed. As Mr. Liu was unable to perform his duties as a managing director, his position as the managing director was terminated by the board in January 2011 and his directorship was removed at the shareholders meeting on 26 April 2011.
On 3 March 2011, Mr. Li Xiao Yun and Mr. Xu Ying, the former chairman and vice-chairman of the board, were removed from office as the vast majority of the members of the board believed that Mr. Li and Mr. Xu had not completely disclosed to the board their knowledge of the incident in relation to Mr. Liu, and I was appointed to serve as the chairperson of the board in the capacity of an independent non-executive director. During the special general meeting convened by the Group on 26 April 2011, Mr.
Li and Mr. Xu were removed from their office as directors of 
During the financial year, Mr. Leung Wing Cheong, Eric and Mr.
Pang Ying Xue have been appointed by the board as executive directors and the joint managing directors. In March 2011, Mr.
R. K. Goel from GAIL (India) Limited resigned as a non-executive director of the Company and Mr. P K JAIN was appointed to fill his place as non-executive director of the Group. In April 2011, Mr. Muham Al-Jarf from Oman Oil Company, S.A.O.C, a non- executive director of the Group, appointed Mr. Mark Gelinas as his alternate director. I, on behalf of the board, would like to express my sincere thanks to Mr. Goel for his service and contribution during his tenure on the board and welcome the four new directors for joining us. I am confident that the extensive administrative experience of the four new directors in the energy industry will enrich the insightful vision of the Group and thus take our strength in management to new heights.

The Group, through almost nine years of rapid development, has established its project network nationwide and realised economies of scale in city piped gas distribution, LPG distribution and CNG vehicle gas businesses in spite of the difficulties and challenges in the past financial year. The above core businesses have generated ongoing net operating cashflow for the Group to support our development. In addition, through the concerted efforts of the board of directors and the management, our shareholders, creditors, staff and the local governments of the regions where the Group s projects are located have built up strong confidence in our capability of defying the temporary hardship and maintaining sustainable development.
I am optimistic about the core businesses of the Group. Looking to the next financial year, the Group will spare no effort to secure large quality projects in city piped gas distribution business with upstream development as priority. By leveraging on diversified strategies including cooperative operation with upstream enterprises and capital injection, the Group is dedicated to establish a stable and long-term relationship of demand and supply between the upstream and downstream through a win- win benefit chain. The move will address the concern about gas source for the Group s projects and assure the selected projects of stable gas supply to expand business penetration.
The Group aims to reinforce its leading position in the market and position itself as front-runner in the gas industry by way of positive development. With respect to the LPG business, the Group will step up mergers and acquisitions in the LPG market. Next, the Group will intensify the consolidation of downstream end markets. On top of completing the merger and acquisition of Panva LPG as soon as practicable, the Group will also accelerate the mergers and acquisitions of quality assets in regions where the Group s existing project companies are operated, in a bid to swiftly transform those project companies into regional market leaders. Besides, the Group will strive for the transition from a single operation-distributor to an operation-service provider , and research and introduce value-added services to the end users by tapping into existing service network, management platform and customer base. In the coming five years, it is envisaged that the Group will supply natural gas to more than 12,000,000 households, and LPG to more than 30,000,000 households, serving over 150,000,000 customers in total. By fully exploring the value of our customer network, the Group will further expand profit generators, broaden profit sources and enhance its profitability.
The Group will continue to establish and maintain long-term collaboration with banks at home and abroad to support the future business development plans of the Group. Moreover, the Group will strengthen the managerial role of its headquarters and exercise full-scale supervision and assessment on the operation and financial management of each project company, while also push forward the reform of management and control of the same, with an aim to heightening management efficiency and effectiveness and achieving the harmonious development among employees, enterprises, society and nature. In addition, the Group will endeavour to render quality social public services and establish itself as a well-organised gas corporation which wins the trust from customers, gains the respect from the community, and creates values for the shareholders.
Lastly, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude for the contribution and support from our fellow board members, as well as for the enduring devotion and dedication of the entire staff and management team, which enabled the Group to sharpen the competitive edge. On behalf of the board of directors, I would also like to thank our shareholders for their unswerving trust and full support for our policy of value creation, and the banking industry and investors for their confidence, encouragement and 
Wong Sin Yue, Cynthia 
28 June 2011 