CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board of Directors of China Gas Holdings Limited ( China Gas or the Company , together with its subsidiaries, the Group ), I am pleased to present to the shareholders the 2015 annual report.

For the financial year ended 31 March 2015, the Group recorded noticeable growth in its performance results.
Turnover HK$31,686,028,000, gross profit HK$6,457,336,000 and profit attributable to shareholders HK$3,371,053,000 maintained stable growth, representing an increase of 30.9% over the same period last year. Basic earnings per share were HK67.30 cents, an increase of 25.6% over the same period last year.

The Board of Directors recommended to pay a final dividend of HK13.95 cents per share on 30 September 2015 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 27 August 2015 (the record date for determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend).
Together with the interim dividend of HK2.2 cents per share paid to the shareholders on 30 January 2015, total dividend payout for the year 2015 amounted to HK16.15 cents per share (total dividend payout for the year 2014: HK12.06 cents per share).
CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF 
To be eligible to attend and vote at the forthcoming annual general meeting The register of members of the Company will be closed from 17 August 2015 (Monday) to 19 August 2015 (Wednesday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the identity of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting. In order to qualify for attending and voting at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on 19 August 2015 (Wednesday), all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
on 14 August 2015 (Friday).
To qualify for the proposed final dividend The register of members of the Company will be closed from 25 August 2015 (Tuesday) to 27 August 2015 (Thursday) (both days inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares in the Company will be registered, for the purpose of determining the entitlement of the shareholders to receive the proposed final dividend for the year ended 31 March 2015. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting, the proposed final dividend will be payable to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 27 August 2015 (Thursday).
In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates and transfer forms must be lodged with the Company s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 16, 17 Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m.
on 24 August 2015 (Monday).

Since 2014, the global economy has been in a period of deep adjustment after the global financial crisis. The domestic economy entered a new normal era, epitomized by the slumping real estate market and slackening economic growth in general. With the profound changes of global energy pattern and the accelerated adjustment of energy structure, the development of clean energy industry tends to be diversified, clean and low-carbon, posing unprecedented opportunities and challenges to China s clean energy industry. In 2014, NDRC further increased the non- residential existing gas price, realizing the second step of the three steps in synchronizing the prices of incremental gas volume and existing gas volume. During the period, crude oil price fell sharply by 50%, which affected the economic edges of natural gas and dampened downstream gas consumption. On 28 February 2015, NDRC announced the synchronization of the prices of incremental gas volume and existing gas volume with effect from 1st April 2015, which realized the third step of the price reform policy, and laid down the foundation for the full marketization of China s natural gas prices in the future.
During the past year, the Group has scored remarkable achievements, which include outlining a clearer plan for its medium- to long-term development, deepening the reform of management model, maintaining rapid growth in piped natural gas supply business, and achieving outstanding results in the construction of gas stations, In addition, we also made significant breakthroughs in LPG business, carried out the activities for the Year of Safety and Culture with outstanding success, and innovated our business operation and structure constantly. With such strenuous efforts, the corporate image, industry position and social influence of China Gas continue to rise and rank top in the industry. Furthermore, a sizable platform and abundant resources have been developed to support sustainable development and create unique competitiveness in project investments, organization structure, talent team, professional techniques and fund management. Looking forward, for city pipeline gas business, the Group will continue to optimize the management and operational standard, redouble its efforts in developing terminal projects and further consolidate its leading position in the industry. For LPG business, while vertically integrating its value chain, the Group will continue to enhance the synergy between the market and resources of city pipeline gas business and strive to enhance the operation level and profitability of the Group s distribution business. Furthermore, for value- added business, the Group will make bold steps to explore and innovate. Leveraging on its extensive customer resources, remarkable brand strength and outstanding information technology, the Group will further develop the value-added business and enhance service awareness and standard that truly caters to the customers, thereby creating unique core competitiveness for the Group. Notwithstanding the competitions and challenges, as well as the changes in the market, the Group is confident that it will manage to operate the three segments of natural gas, LPG and value-added services successfully in the coming year. With internal management and talent pool as the foundation and technological improvements as the leading force, the Group will continue to enhance its ability to create the integrated value of economy, society and environment.
At the same time, the Group will optimize its operating efficiency through reform and expand its business scope through innovation. As President Xi said in the Asia- Pacific Economic Cooperation Conference, Under a new stage of global growth, only reformers will improve, only reformers will grow and only reformers will win.
As the largest domestic and cross-regional gas company in China, our inherent mission is to provide clean energy and perform social responsibility. Leveraging on the national preferential policies in speeding up reform and innovation and development of the clean energy, the Group will continue to push forward the social responsibility management, create value for its shareholders, customers, staff and partners through various ways and means, and enhance its core corporate competitiveness and sustainable development capability.
We will make every endeavor to develop the Group into a global leading city integrated-energy services provider with green and sustainable development.
