On behalf of the Board of Directors (the "Board" or the "Directors") of China Gas Holdings Limited ("China Gas" o 0the "Company", togetherwith its subsidiaries, the "Group"), I would Like to present to the shareholders the 2008 annual report.

In the past financial, year ended March 31, 2008, turnoveramounted to HK$2,552,075,000, profit forthe yearwas HK$166,286,000 and profit attributable to shareholders was HK$119,77A,000. Earnings per share was HK3.73 cents.
Over the past financial, year, the Group connected a total of 903,262 new household users, 72 new industrial users and 8,87S new commercial users, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 66.1%, 26.3% and 2.2% respectively. As at March 31, 2008, the Group's total connected residential customers came to 2,253,0SS households, connected industrial customers 185 users and commercial customers 19,325 users, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 67.0%, A3.A% and 85.0% respectively. During the pastfinancial. year, the Group sold a total of 1,1S8,859,000 m3 piped gas, an approximately 165.8% year-on-year growth, of which 1,0S3,523,000 m3 was piped natural gas, representing a yea 0-on-yea 0g 0owthof 191.7%, and 105,336,000 m3 was other piped gases. This demonstrated a rapid growth in our sales of piped gas.
Final Dividend and Closure of Registarof Members The Board recommended the payment of a naL dividend of HK1.2 cent (2007 HK1.2 cent) per share forthe year ended March 31, 2008.
The registrar of members of the Company wiLL be closed from August 19, 2008 to August 26, 2008, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares wiLL be effected. In order to qualify forthe proposed naL dividend, all transfer documents must be Lodged with the Company's branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong InvestorServices Limited at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen's Road East, Hong Kong for registration not Later than A30 p.m. on August 18, 2008. The final dividend, if approved by the shareholders in the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on August 26, 2008, is expected to be paid to qualified persons on or before September 29, 2008.
New Projects Development 
For new projects development, the Group had secured 11 new city gas projects in seven provincesautonomous regionsdirectLy-administered cities as of July 20, 2008. Of these city gas projects, one was in each of Heilongjiang Province and Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, being 
the Group's fi 0st investment in these regions whilst three were in Guangdong Province, two in each of Zhejiang Province and Liaoning Province as wellas one in each of Hebei Province and Shaanxi Province. The city gas project in Heilongjiang Province was situated in Harbin City, the capital city of Heilongjiang Province with population of about 10 miqon. In addition, the Group also invested in one Long distance gas pipeline project in Huanghua City, Hebei Province with annual production capacity of 325 million m3 peryearand one coaL-bed methane gas project in Wushen Banner, Inner Mongolia during the same period.

In the Last nanciaL year, the Group obtained strong financing support from various 
In June 2007, the Group obtained a revolving facility of US$85 miqon from Royal. Bank of Scotland and other commercial banks. In September 2007, the Group also obtained a syndicated Loan of US$90 miqon from The Bank of China (Hong Kong) Limited and other commercial banks. The interest rate on these two credit facilities were much more favourable than that of a high-yieLd bond of a simiLartenor in the international capital market, and this demonstrates the Group's credibility in the banking community, and the recognition of the Group's business prospects.

Our efforts began to see recognition from many international investors. Oman Investment Fund and SK E&S Co. Ltd became ou 0sha 0ehoLde 0s upon the acquisition of the Company's shares in the open market in November 2007 and June 2008 respectively. Based on the existing number of issued shares of the Company, Oman Investment Fund and SK E&S Co. Ltd currently hold approximately 4.85% and A.98% of the issued share capital of the Company respectively. Oman Investment Fund is managed by the Ministry of Finance of the Oman Sultanate Government whereas SK E&S Co. Ltd isan energy company under the Korean SK Group. The shareholder base of the Company has gained further international exposure with the addition of these international investors.

Following Hai Xia Finance Holdings Limited's introduction as the founding and majorsharehoLder of the Company in 2002, four international strategic shareholders joined the Company over the past five years, namely China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation, GAIL (India) Limited, Oman OiL Company, S.A.O.C. and Asian Development Bank. Through interactive communication and cooperation, our business has undergone a more diversified development, rendering the Company an ideal business cooperation platform between domestic and overseas energy companies.

Apart from the appointment of Mr. Mark GeLinas as the non-executive director of the Company in July 2007, there was no change to the composition of the Board during the financial, year Over the past year, the Board operated smoothly and all the Board members actively participated in board meetings as wellas discussed and exchanged views from time to time on matters relating to the business development direction and financingof the Group as wellas industry trend and state policies. I strongly believe that such composition of our Board will, forsure, drive the business momentum forthe Group. We wiLL continue to ensure the Board to maintain high standards of governance and Leverage on its expertise and experience to Lead the Group to become a global natural gas company.
Snowstorm and Sichuan Earthquake 
In Late January 2008, a series of snowstorms hit most of the areas in the PRC when most of the expressways were blocked due to heavy snow. Road transport was severely affected. Many infrastructure facilities including electric cables were damaged. The Group, as one of the major gas providers in the PRC, has to ensure stable, safe and continuous gas supply amidst such severe weather conditions. To achieve this, ourfrontLine staff worked around the clock and made every effort to guarantee continuous gas supply to the users in these affected areas. During that period, no facilities of the Group were damaged as a result of the snowstorm, nor did our gas supply experience any interruption. I would Like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all our frontline staff for their hard work and commitments during the snowstorm.
The catastrophic earthquake that struck Sichuan in mid-May 2008 has caused hundreds of thousands of people dead or missing, and resulted in substantial economic Loss to the society. People from various regions of the PRC and from all around the world reached out their helping hands to raise funds forthe Sichuan victims. Ourstaff in different regions of the PRC also actively participated in the fundraising activities, and raised and remitted more than RMB3 miqon within such a short period of time.

Over the past financial, year, apart from further investment in the downstream city gas projects and the midstream Long distance gas pipeline projects, the Group's investment strategies also focused on strengthening the investment in the upstream natural gas supply market. We invested in a coal bed methane project in Inner Mongolia. Recently, we have also acquired Zhejiang Zhongyou Hua Dian Group which is principally engaged in the procurement, import, storage and distribution of Liquefied petroleum gas.

Going forward, in terms of city gas distribution, the Group will continue to actively seek investment opportunities for gas projects in Large and medium-sized cities with reasonable investment returns in the coming financiaLyean For upstream natural gas development and distribution, we will commence our LPG wholesale and retail business after completion of our acquisition of Zhejiang Zhongyou Hua Dian Group by making use of its existing Loading and storage capacities and distribution network as wellas the License granted by the Ministry of Commerce to the Group in December 2006 to engage in the impo 0texpo 0t and wholesale of fuels such as natural gas, Liquefied natural gas, Liquefied petroleum gas (LPG), methanol and dimethyl ether in the PRC. This move will facilitate the Group to further improve its gas supply system and expand its gas user base, thereby substantially enhancing the Group's sustainable income and profit growth.
Amid escalating inflation and soaring energy prices all over the world, it will have a considerable impact on the fast-growing economy of China. Under such macro-economic environment, the future development of the Group will face both challenges and opportunities. Given the roaring oil. prices, the Group expects that most customers, especially industrial users will shift to natural gas from other fuels as the domestic natural gas price is far below the price of the equivaLentLy-vaLued petroleum and pet 0o byproducts, generating substantial growth potential forthe fuel gas business of the Group. In addition, in preparation for 2008 Beijing Olympics over the years, there isan increasing concern and awareness for environmental protection among the central government and regional governments as wellas the general public. This has encouraged the use of clean energy, resulting in unprecedented recognition and support from the government and thepubLicfortheappLication of natural gas in various areas.
The Group has always placed high regards on its reliable, safe and clean gas supply and quality services to our customers. We manage our facilities in each place of business in a responsible manner, aiming to provide quality Living standard and actively participating in social activities there. We have been abLeto gain the support from these Local governments and customers in our places of operation. The Group is fully aware of the importance and impact of corporate social responsibility. In the days ahead, the Group wiLL continue to strengthen its social responsibilities through different forms of activities.
Lastly, I would Like to express my thanks to ourstaff, the management team and the fellow board members fo 0thei 0endeavors and hard work, lam also grateful to our shareholders fo 0thei 0full support of our business strategies, aswellasto the banking community and investors for their confidence, encouragement and recognition.

July 23, 2008 