CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2014 was a remarkable year for the Group. A number of priorities outlined in our strategic plan were accomplished. These achievements have laid strong foundations for the sustainable growth of the Group in the years ahead, and will have a profound impact on our future.

With the support of the government authorities and regulators in Hong Kong and the Mainland, and the collaborative efforts of the exchanges and clearing houses in the two cities, the Shanghai- Hong Kong Stock Connect programme was launched on 17 November 2014. The Stock Connect scheme was a breakthrough and is of historic significance. For the first time, mutual market access is offered to investors in Hong Kong and the Mainland, enabling them to trade shares listed and traded in Shanghai and Hong Kong respectively through an orderly, controllable and scaleable channel. The scheme brings long-term mutual benefits to the two markets it expands the sources of investment, opens up new investment opportunities and facilitates the gradual opening of the Mainland s capital account in support of RMB internationalisation. With its pivotal role in the Stock Connect scheme, HKEx has reinforced its position as the global exchange of choice for Chinese investors and the Chinese exchange of choice for international investors. Recognising that we cannot be complacent, we will continue to work closely with the relevant authorities and regulators, our exchange partners and market participants to ensure that the Stock Connect scheme operates smoothly, and to gradually expand mutual market access in an orderly manner.
On the commodities front, we made a big step forward with the launch of LME Clear, the new clearing house of the LME in London, and the announcement of the LME new fee schedule. These strategic achievements not only provide us with immediate incremental revenues but also give the Group the ability to pursue new products, new markets and new capabilities. On 1 December 2014, we launched LME-based metals contracts in Hong Kong in the form of cash-settled RMB- denominated mini futures. It was another milestone as we expand beyond our well-established equity and equity derivatives businesses. We will continue to pursue our strategy of expanding our Hong Kong markets into new asset classes.
Details of the performance and progress in 2014 against our strategic objectives are set out in the Chief Executive s Review and the Business Review sections of this Annual Report.
Performance and Dividend Our markets performed well in 2014 despite the challenging global financial environment. In respect of IPO funds raised, the Stock Exchange was ranked second worldwide and first in Asia 1 . The market capitalisation of Hong Kong s securities market exceeded $26 trillion for the first time. The turnover of ETFs also reached a record high, topping $1 trillion. In our Derivatives Market, various products reached new record highs in terms of trading volume and open interest. The turnover of our securitised derivatives 2 ranked first in the world for the eighth consecutive year. The LME also had a good year, as it continued to enjoy steady turnover grow.
The Group s consolidated revenue and other income rose 13 per cent against 2013, resulting in an increase of 13 per cent in the profit attributable to shareholders. The basic earnings per share were $4.44, an increase of 12 per cent. The Board recommends a final dividend of $2.15 per share for the year ended 31 December 2014 resulting in the full-year dividend of $3.98 per share, an increase of 12 per cent as compared with that of previous year.
Role and Responsibilities Apart from pursuing our business objectives, we recognise our wider role of contributing to the integrity, quality and stability of our markets. We work closely with the regulatory authorities to ensure our businesses remain on track to comply with evolving regulatory requirements. In addition, with the support of market participants and regulators, we continue to monitor closely market changes and progress international standards, launch market consultations, and introduce enhancements to the local regulatory regime, when and where appropriate.
We do not lose sight of the inextricable link between our business and our social responsibility. We are accountable to our stakeholders and the communities in which we operate. It is encouraging that in recognition of our commitment to being a responsible corporate citizen, HKEx continues to be included in the leading global and regional sustainability indices. In 2014, we contributed $83 million to The Community Chest of Hong Kong through our Stock Code Balloting for Charity Scheme. We have prepared our 2014 Corporate Social Responsibility Report which summarises our commitment and efforts and will be available on the HKEx website before 25 March 2015.
Governance and the Board Good governance practices are crucial in order to earn the trust of our stakeholders. The Board remains focused on improving its effectiveness, and the efficiency of the governance processes. With our expansion in Hong Kong and into markets outside Hong Kong, the Board and the management have paid particular attention to enhancing the Group s risk management, both the structure and the process. The Board on 5 March 2015 resolved to establish a Risk Committee to be responsible for the Group s enterprise-wide risk management including overseeing the relevant risk management systems and ensuring that they are compatible with the Group s strategy and risk appetite. In addition, an external consultant was engaged to conduct a Board performance review in 2014, which confirmed that the Board continues to operate to a very high standard. Details of our governance performance in 2014 are set out in the Corporate Governance Report of this Annual Report.
We believe that an appropriate mix of skills, experience and perspectives within the Board helps strengthen its effectiveness. Dr Fred Hu who is a prominent economist and has a wealth of experience in the financial industry, in particular the Mainland financial sector, joined the Board as an Independent Non-executive Director in November 2014. Dr Hu was appointed by the Board to fill the vacancy that arose upon the resignation of Mr John Strickland, a veteran Director who had served the Group for more than 14 years. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank John for his guidance and contributions to the Group during his long service on the Board.

Looking ahead, the global economic environment remains challenging. Deleveraging in both the public and private sectors, monetary policy divergence, anticipated US interest rate changes, oil price volatility and regional political instability have created uncertainties and risks. However, Hong Kong is benefiting from the continued growth of the Mainland economy. The Group is well-positioned to sustain the value of our core businesses, and will continue to capitalise on new opportunities arising from the further development of the Mainland s financial markets.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our Shareholders and other stakeholders for their unwavering confidence and support. I also wish to extend my appreciation to my fellow Board members, our diligent and dedicated management team and our staff at every level for their contributions in delivering the remarkable achievements last year.
CHOW Chung Kong 
