CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
2016 was a year of uncertainty and surprises. The global financial markets were volatile and
overshadowed by political and economic uncertainties arising from the UK vote to leave the EU and
the US presidential election. At home, there were concerns that Mainland China’s economy was slowing
down and that interest rates would rise in response to the US interest rate hikes. All these contributed to
cautious sentiment among investors, and created a challenging market environment for the Group.
Performance and Dividend
The Hong Kong securities market experienced subdued trading in 2016 compared with all-time high turnover
the previous year. Our commodity business in the UK also had a difficult year due to weakened global demand.
Against this backdrop, it is encouraging that the
Stock Exchange continued to rank first globally
in terms of IPO fundraising and securitised
derivatives 2
 turnover. The Hong Kong derivatives
market also stayed strong in 2016 with new records
in our total futures trading and across various
individual derivatives market products.
The Group’s total revenue and other income amounted to $11.1 billion and the profit attributable to
shareholders was $5,769 million for the year ended 31 December 2016, down 17 per cent and 27 per cent
respectively from the record-highs in 2015. The Board recommends a final dividend of $2.04 per share,
resulting in the full-year dividend of $4.25 per share.
Strategic Update
Notwithstanding the difficult environment, we have made good progress towards our strategic goals.
The launch of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect in early December was a major achievement as it has
linked the secondary equity markets of Hong Kong, Shenzhen and Shanghai for the first time, resulting in a mutual
stock market with a combined equity market value of about RMB70 trillion. We will continue to broaden
our connectivity scheme to cover other asset classes in order to capture opportunities arising from the
RMB’s internationalisation and help further strengthen the role of Hong Kong as an international financial centre.
Building on the resilience and growth of our derivatives markets, we continue to introduce new products
to meet the needs of Mainland investors seeking international asset diversification and to give the market
more tools for trading and risk management. We are pleased to see that our USD/CNH Futures and other
RMB Currency Futures lead other exchanges in term of liquidity and distribution. OTC Clear has also
become the first international clearing house to provide clearing services for USD/CNH cross currency
swaps. These initiatives are an important part of our strategy to expand our product capabilities across
asset classes to enhance HKEX’s value proposition, and to help ensure that Hong Kong stays at the
forefront of China’s capital market development.
We are now preparing for the launch of our Qianhai commodities trading platform. Leveraging on HKEX’s
reputation and the LME’s expertise, the platform will provide a credible and efficient trading venue with
related infrastructure and facilities to serve the real economy, which in time could develop representative
price benchmarks for Mainland China.
Details of the Group’s performance and initiatives undertaken in 2016 are set out in the Chief Executive’s
Review and Business Review sections of this Annual Report.
Quality Market
We recognise that market quality and efficiency are key elements to the Group’s sustainability.
We successfully implemented the Closing Auction Session and Volatility Control Mechanism (VCM)
for the Hong Kong securities market in 2016, and the VCM for the derivatives market in January 2017.
We also announced a plan to revise the stock option position limit model for the derivatives market to
align with international practices. We are now working with the SFC to review and analyse responses
to the proposed enhancements of the Exchange’s decision-making and governance structure for listing
regulation. In the UK, the LME decided to introduce caps on warehouse charges, effective 1 April 2017,
to address concerns in and bring greater stability to the metals market. We will continue to work in close
collaboration with our regulators and stakeholders to ensure our infrastructure and systems remain
reliable and efficient, and our regulations and market structure remain updated and appropriate to
converge with the ever changing market landscape.
Environmental, Social and Governance Performance
We continually enhance our ESG efforts, our corporate governance and risk management practices
with the aim to create and deliver sustainable value to all our stakeholders. In 2016, we conducted
an independent review of our Board’s composition to ensure we have the right balance of skills and
expertise to lead the Company forward. Based on the consultant’s recommendations, we have developed
specific selection criteria for identifying potential Director candidates to stand for election at the
2017 AGM. During the year, we further enhanced our risk management approach by performing
quarterly risk assessments on the Group, and organised a series of mandatory compliance training
sessions for employees to reinforce a strong risk culture across the organisation. Details of our efforts
in promoting sustainability in our marketplace, workplace, community and environment are set out
in our 2016 CSR Report which will be available on the HKEX Group website together with this Annual Report.
Outlook
Looking ahead into the rest of 2017, the operating environment for financial markets is expected to
remain challenging. Despite some encouraging signs of better growth prospects in the US and Europe,
many political and economic uncertainties remain. Capital markets in 2017 are likely to be volatile.
At HKEX, we will stay vigilant along our strategic journey. We will continue to enhance our competitiveness
to position the Group for future growth and success, and to realise our vision to transform Hong Kong into
a global wealth management centre connecting China and the world.
Acknowledgements
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to my fellow Board members for their commitment and
valuable input. On behalf of the Board, I would like to extend special appreciation to Dr Bill Kwok and
Mr Vincent Lee, who will retire from the Board at the conclusion of the 2017 AGM. Their experience in
the financial services industry and instrumental advice have provided precious guidance to the Board
and have contributed extensively to the development of HKEX from a local exchange into a reputable
international exchange throughout their 17 years’ service on the Board.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our Shareholders and other stakeholders for their
continuing support and confidence in HKEX, and also our employees for their dedication and hard work,
which enable the Group to perform its public duty while maximising value for our Shareholders.
CHOW Chung Kong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 27 February 2017