CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Thanks to your ongoing trust and support, Sinopec achieved remarkable results in 2011.
On behalf of the Board of Directors and all of our employees, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to everyone who helped to make this achievement possible.
The complex and turbulent political and economic environment worldwide in 2011 saw global crude oil prices remain high and volatile.
Rising domestic inflationary pressure and continuing price controls on oil products in our home market generated immense challenges for our business. The Board of Directors worked diligently to assess and respond to these challenges in pursuing the group s development plans and remaining declicated to our goal of building a world-class energy and petrochemical company. The Board has this year adjusted and refined the company s business strategies for resources, marketing, integration and internationalisation, and has added new strategic objectives for differentiation and low- carbon development. We will leverage of our competitive advantages and our proficiency in innovation to build a resource-saving and environmentally responsible enterprise, which will sustain the company s growth for many years to come.
In 2011, Sinopec s management, together with its employees, continued to review the company s processes in an effort to increase efficiency, ensure safe production, and improve energy savings and reduce emissions. As a result, we achieved the best performance in our history. Our reserves and production grew steadily throughout the year, and we made an initial breakthrough in the exploration and production of unconventional oil and gas. We also increased both our refining capacity and throughput, leading to major gains in our competitiveness in this area. Our chemical business achieved record profitability, with a significant rise in both production and revenue.
Sales of refined oil products once again grew robustly, and we continued to optimise the balance between production and sales, with retail volumes surpassing 100 million tonnes for the first time. Alongside this, our non-fuel business grew at a rapid pace. Enjoying the benefits of our vertically integrated business model, Sinopec made significant advances in scientific and technological innovation, and we supported our production capabilities with excellence in marketing and research. In the course of seeking new paths for growth, we made great strides in optimising our operations in resources, products and services, promoting the production of clean energy and in conducting R&D for alternative and new 
At the same time, we played a central role in maintaining stable market supply, and fulfilled our corporate social responsibility. We also implemented company-wide management protocols for Health, Safety and Environment (HSE). Furthermore, we showed our commitment to the communities where we have a presence through our active involvement in numerous charitable endeavors. We are also proud that, in addition to championing sustainable development in our business and promoting that in the wider economy and community, we take good care of our 
In 2011, the company s total revenues and other operating income amounted to RMB 2,505.7 billion, an increase of 31% from 2010, while profits attributable to shareholders in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards were RMB 73.225 billion, an increase of 2.0% from the previous year. The company s domestic and overseas share price significantly outperformed the markets and our peers, yielding remarkable returns for our shareholders. The Board of Directors recommended a final dividend of RMB 0.20 per share, which when combined with the interim dividend of RMB 0.10 per share brings the total annual dividend for 2011 to RMB 0.30 per share, an increase by 43% over the 
The global economy in 2012 continues to face serious challenges, and in light of complex geopolitical tensions, international oil prices are expected to remain high. With domestic economic growth facing downward pressure, the growth in demand for refining and chemical products is expected to ease. We are, however, confident that with the continuing focus of the Chinese government on economic development and stability, along with the effects of ongoing domestic industrialisation and urbanisation, the demand for energy and chemical products will continue to grow. We also believe that our established presence and competitive edge put us in a strong position to maintain 
In the years ahead, we will continue to integrate cutting-edge developments in science and technology into our operations, and we will implement our strategic focus on resources, marketing, integration, internationalisation, differentiation and low-carbon development.
Quality and return will be prioritised in the course of our development, along with the spirit of innovation, a commitment to low-carbon and a focus on people. We seek to gain more access to resources with a global view and take advantage of both domestic and international businesses and markets. At the same time we will increase the reserve and production of crude oil and natural gas and expedite our exploration and production of unconventional oil and gas resources. In addition, we will seek to accelerate the upgrading of refined oil product quality and further promote the development of our chemical business. We are confident that these actions will enhance the company s overall profitability and further minimise the risks related to our business, and in so doing improve returns for our shareholders.
In May 2012, the fourth term of the Board of Directors will come to an end. The Board of Directors, led by its former chairman, Su Shulin, has achieved remarkable success. I would like to thank Mr. Su for his outstanding contribution to Sinopec. Due to regulatory requirements, work adjustments and age limits, the independent directors Mr. Liu Zhongli, Mr.
Ye Qing, Mr. Li Deshui, Mr. Xie Zhongyu and Mr.
Wu Xiaogen, together with the chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Mr. Wang Zuoran, the vice-chairman of the Board of Supervisors, Mr.
Zhang Youcai, and the supervisor, Mr. Li Yonggui, will no longer serve as directors and supervisors of the company. These individuals were diligent in their service and performed their duties in good faith throughout their term of office. Accordingly, they played an important role in the development of Sinopec. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to them for their hard work and extraordinary effort. The Board of Directors has nominated candidates for the new Board of Directors. They are exceptional managers and leading experts spanning the fields of macro-economics, finance and securities, corporate management and petrochemicals. I am confident that these fresh new faces to the Board will help usher in an exciting new era in the company s history.
Sinopec is already on its way to establishing itself as a world-class energy and petrochemical company. I firmly believe that this company will continue to make great strides toward our goals in the months and years ahead. With the unflagging efforts of our staff and the unwavering support of our stakeholders, Sinopec continues to develop and improve, contributing to the country, repaying our shareholders and serving society as well as our 
We invite our shareholders and friends from all walks of life to join us as we create a brilliant and exciting future for Sinopec.

