CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2015, SOHO China s net profit has dropped sizably as expected. The main reason for the change is that SOHO China is undergoing the transition of our business model from build-to-sell to build-to-hold . Our profit for 2015 fully reflects this moment in our transition. However, SOHO China s other indicators, such as our low net gearing ratio, leasing speed, and rental income growth, demonstrate our better than expected performance.
Looking back at 2015, from a business perspective, we have upheld our commitment to SOHO China s strategic transition announced three years ago, we almost did not sell any properties during the Year. SOHO China now holds, in the most prosperous areas in Beijing and Shanghai, approximately 1.7 million sq.m. of office properties. These are our most stable, important and valuable assets. Recently, the market considers that SOHO China is pessimistic about Beijing and Shanghai s office property markets, and there are rumors that we plan to withdraw from those markets. This is the exact opposite to our plan. SOHO China s transition of the business model from build-to-sell to build-to-hold means that rather than selling properties for quick cash, we hold and lease properties for long-term rental income. This is precisely because we are confident about the office property markets in Beijing and Shanghai. Since 2015, with more liquidity in the market, real estate prices have been continuously going up, especially in Beijing and Shanghai. The approximately 1.7 million sq.m. of office properties in SOHO China s investment portfolio are increasing significantly in price, bringing value to our shareholders. At present, the market is quite volatile, and we may come to see even greater volatility.
As a public company, what is our contribution to the society and the market? This is our business foundation.
We cannot blindly follow the market, nor should we take advantage of volatility purely for profits and move away from our foundation. Our most fundamental contribution to the society is our products and our services. In this market we strive to create products that people love and services that people need and not to create products that will go unused for our personal benefit. Unused products are the worst waste of the society s resources.
Over the Year, we have achieved excellent performance in construction, leasing and management of all properties including Wangjing SOHO, Guanghualu SOHO II, SOHO Fuxing Plaza, Bund SOHO, Sky SOHO and 
From now on, SOHO China will enter into a stage of stable development, sustainable growth, and continuously increasing asset value. Even though it is not as exciting as the large scale explosive sales we achieved four years ago. The work we have now is very specific and detail-oriented, but it is through the Company s execution that we demonstrate our value. For example, to reduce energy inefficiency and protect the environment, we have worked with leading international partners to develop the most globally advanced energy saving system in our buildings. Our rate of energy consumption is half of that of our peers, and even lower than some developed countries such as Japan, US or Europe. In 2015, we had over twenty projects adopted this energy saving system. Though the amount of money saved from this exercise is still relatively small compared to sales earnings in our early years, we find it incredibly meaningful to the society and the environment. Because of this, we have been recognized and commended by our peers and the government.
In addition, hundreds of thousands of people work in our buildings. Of all the things that today s office tenants need, we believe what ranks the most important is WIFI and cellular network signal strength. We have partnered with China s top three telecom operators and let them compete openly and fairly. We believe that very soon SOHO China s WIFI and cellular network signal will be one of the fastest and most stable signals in China.
Though on the surface, our efforts may not bring in additional revenue, and instead only increase operational costs, it indeed enables us to provide our tenants with utmost convenience and top quality services. This is what we believe they need the most. In the past few months, the WIFI and cellular network signal strength in SOHO China s buildings is increasing at a rate of 50% per month.
The overall macroeconomic environment was less than ideal in 2015. Under this climate, SOHO China managed to lease more than 280,000 sq.m. of properties, exceeding our target by approximately 128%. Such an increase in the volume of office leasing, even in global markets such as New York, Hong Kong and Tokyo, is very difficult to accomplish in only 12 months time. For Wangjing SOHO, the newly signed leases showed a 25.1% increase in rental rate and SOHO Century Plaza showed a rental rate increase of 24.7% for the Year. As long as we focus on the high quality of our products and services, we believe that it will continue to help characterize and have positive impact on SOHO China s properties.
In this easing capital market with low interest rate and low reserve ratio, another thing we did during the Year was issuing RMB denominated bonds to refinance offshore debt so as to manage exchange rate risk, and we successfully issued RMB3 billion bond at low interest rate of 3.45%. This low rate represents capital market s confidence in our Company.
Every one of us is witnessing the drastic changes in the market. Traditional industries are experiencing this even more. What do these changes really reflect? Now we are seeing structural changes where the old economy is 
A new form and structure of economy is gradually surfacing. This is an economy that focuses on higher efficiency and lower cost. More importantly, it is an economy that brings fairness to everyone. This is an economy founded on the internet, based on the internet structure, and utilizes the internet as a new tool.
Countless online platforms have replaced large corporations of the past, and online platforms are able to convene millions of individuals and small enterprises. Through competition, these individuals and small enterprises can best demonstrate their strengths and capabilities, and provide the market and greater society with better, cheaper and more convenient products and services. This is so-called the sharing economy . We created SOHO 3Q as brand new office space catered for the sharing economy. During the Year, we built eleven SOHO 3Q centers in Beijing and Shanghai with more than 10,000 seats. We have become the largest provider of co-working space in China, with more than 30,000 members. SOHO 3Q is gradually building both online and offline communities. Not only do we have start-up entrepreneurs, we also have companies of different sizes and from different industries. Our next step is focusing on building the membership system, inviting more people to become SOHO 3Q members, and offering them convenient services.
In 2016, we aim at growing at a healthy and stable pace.
