CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
During the Year, the GDP growth in China was 6.7%, 0.2 percentage point lower than 2015.
Impacted by the soft macro environment, the prime office demand in China was also relatively weak,
in contrast to the increasing supply. According to the market reports, though the rents of prime
office buildings in Beijing and Shanghai continued the stable and upward trend, the occupancy rates
declined slightly from last year.
Despite these challenges, SOHO China’s property leasing outperformed the general market in both
rental growth and occupancy rate on the strength of SOHO China’s rich leasing experience and
quality property management service. As at the end of December 2016, the average occupancy
rate was approximately 96% for all investment properties under leasing. Rents of the new contracts
were approximately 15% to 25% higher than those of the expired ones.
SOHO China achieved rental income of approximately RMB1,511 million in 2016, which folded
approximately 10 times in merely 4 years after we announced the transition of the business model
in 2012. The achievement in the past year proved to the market again that SOHO China has made
full commitment to the long-term development strategy and has been carrying forward the model
transition with firm steps and unshakable determination.
The office and retail parts of SOHO Tianshan Plaza in Shanghai were completed in December 2016
and will be the new leasing property for the Group in 2017. Our goal is to build up its occupancy to
approximately 90% in 12 months and we are confident that such goal should be achievable. At the
moment, the Group still has two projects under construction, which are SOHO Leeza in Beijing and
Gubei project in Shanghai. According to the current development schedule, the whole investment
property portfolio is expected to be fully completed at the end of 2018, by then SOHO China will be
holding quality offices in prime locations of Beijing and Shanghai with a total gross floor area (the
“GFA”) of approximately 1.7 million sq.m..
During the second half of 2016, the Group took the market opportunity to sell its entire ownership
interest in SOHO Century Plaza in Shanghai at a consideration of approximately RMB3,297 million
(value-added tax inclusive), which was approximately 70% higher than the cost and approximately
21% higher than its re-valued book value as at 30 June 2016, implying a capital rate as low as
approximately 3.4%. SOHO Century Plaza was a nearly completed building when we acquired it in
2011. At the time of the disposal, it had already been mature and under stable operation. Given
that it only accounted for approximately 3.7% of the Group’s total leasable area of all investment
properties, the disposal of the project would not exert a material impact on the Group’s overall
level of rental income. Based on the above-mentioned reasons, we decided to dispose of our
ownership interest in SOHO Century Plaza at the time when asset prices were high in the market.
The transaction not only served to unlock the asset value and supplement the working capital for
the Group, but also proved to the market of the high quality, high liquidity and high value of SOHO
China’s investment properties.
We believe the excellent property management service can add value to investment properties. It
helps to guarantee the high quality and high rent of the investment properties, thereby increasing
their value and market liquidity. SOHO China established its property management service in 2010,
since then it quickly took over the management of almost all SOHO China’s properties, including
both previously sold and currently held by the Group. As at the end of 2016, the Group managed
24 projects with a total GFA of approximately 4 million sq.m. in Beijing and Shanghai.
Fresh air system is a must for all SOHO China’s buildings and the reading levels of PM2.5
(particulate matter 2.5) in SOHO China’s buildings are far below the national standard level in
China. We are glad to see people enjoy themselves working under PM2.5 free environment.
To improve the efficiency and quality of property management, the Group has developed an
energy management system, which made the electricity consumption of SOHO China’s buildings
approximately 15.8% or 58.49 million kwh lower than the national standard in 2016. The Group
took the lead in the industry to implement the equipment and facility management system,
which enables us to monitor more than 250,000 equipments and facilities in real-time, to carry
out maintenance on a regular basis, to allocate work, as well as to forewarn, discover and solve
operational problems with promptness.
In order to meet the office demand in the internet era, SOHO China launched a new generation
of shared-office product SOHO 3Q in early 2015. SOHO China has already opened 17 SOHO 3Q
centers in our investment properties, with another two under construction, in total offering more
than 16,000 seats in Beijing and Shanghai. SOHO 3Q has become the largest shared office in
Beijing and Shanghai, providing vibrant business community and flexible office space to over
10,000 entrepreneurs. Tenants of SOHO 3Q come from various thriving industries, including IT,
education, finance, consulting, media and culture. In contrast to the weak performance of traditional
office leasing market, SOHO 3Q inspired us with robust growth momentum. As at the end of 2016,
the average occupancy rate for SOHO 3Q reached approximately 85%.
Amid the rapid development of market and technology, the desire of people for beauty remains
unchanged. With persistent adherence to the business principle of honesty, openness and fairness,
SOHO China will continue to provide quality office spaces with beautiful architecture, clean
environment, convenient facilities and efficient service to the whole society.
