chairman s statement 
dear shareholders of SOHO China, the 2007 annual report of SOHO China Limited (the company or SOHO China ) before you now sums up our last year s performance at a glance.
in between its lines, you can see the hard work of our entire staff. what cannot easily be seen, however what lies beyond its numbers is a clear and complete picture of our company s current and future development trajectory. this i wish to share with you now in this letter. from it, i hope you take away our assessment of the conditions impacting our industry, how that assessment guides our decisions, and how our decisions shape our results.
to provide some context, i am reminded of a lecture i attended recently of a famous anthropology professor. she charted human history and concluded that for stretches of hundreds of thousand of years, there was virtually no progress. then, boom, a renaissance.
economic growth is much the same.
we see it today in china, where the phenomenal growth of the present has sprung from decades of stagnation.
in china, we are witnessing the largest migration in human history. with this level of unprecedented urbanization come both opportunities and challenges.
the growth rate of the size of the city and urban population has never been witnessed in history; this definitely brings lots of opportunities to the real 
in real estate, we benefit greatly from urbanization, but must make accommodations from time to time to ensure that it happens in a balanced, harmonious fashion. for as brisk as development has been, it still cannot keep pace with urban population growth.
naturally, there have been some growing pains, with such issues as relocation, land requisition, housing prices, and energy shortages coming to the forefront.
the chinese government has taken the matter in hand, remedying the situation by introducing measures that work to guarantee affordable housing. it has sought to cool off steel, cement, and coal prices by regulating construction through policy solutions, such as stricter bank financing controls which are now creating a bottleneck in the industry.
nevertheless, overall growth persists.
the main drivers of the industry s upward trajectory are neither vanishing nor diminishing, but rather intensifying.
given such an environment, what is the development strategy of SOHO China? where is our room for development? how can we tackle the impact of policies and market volatility? upon founding, SOHO China s first developed SOHO New Town, was a project of mostly residential units that really shook up beijing with the new mode of living it introduced. we quickly recognized that the market was overcrowded with developers who understood nothing but the construction and sale of residential units. they failed to comprehend the emerging need for spaces which synthesized both residential and commercial functions.
projects like ours, which holistically combine areas for living, employment, shopping, leisure, and entertainment had not yet been envisioned in china.
we were the first to introduce this new mode of living.
we saw the failures of the past attempts at commercial construction which produced nothing but abandoned sites, and knew we could do better. thus, three years ago, SOHO China shifted its focus to the development of commercial, mixed-use properties. the results, including our remarkable gross profit of over 50%, can be read in this report.
moreover, by adjusting our strategy, we have managed to steer clear of the acute competition brought to the residential market through government policy and investments. for example, we need not worry about mandates that 70% of residential developments must be 90 square meters or less in size, or about the increase in down payments on second homes. i believe that any future macro-control policies affecting the residential market will have minimal negative impact on SOHO China.
1, 2 and 3 chairman and ceo we are also different from other commercial developers in that we do not focus on the trophy tenant.
while other developers and municipal governments seek to woo the global fortune 500, we maintain that china s economic growth comes from within.
at SOHO China, we pride ourselves on serving the millions of small and medium enterprises ( sme s ) that drive this great country. we feel that no longer should this huge community be neglected and cast aside. no longer should we find in the lobbies of residential buildings large banners stating no commerce in residential units under which staff of those medium and small companies pass with heads lowered.
our commitment to china s sme s runs deep in all of our projects, and our two earliest projects, SOHO New Town and Jianwai SOHO, are shining examples.
the beauty of cultivating this community is that everyone benefits. the government receives a reliable source of tax revenue. investors purchasing flats enjoy substantial rentals and property appreciation. sme s make use of convenient office sites. thousands of young people gain new job opportunities.
our growth strategy has been targeted on central beijing, especially the central business district (cbd), where we have won a 39% market share by sales. by focusing on centrally located properties with great accessibility, we appeal to both commercial and residential tenants who want to be close to the action.
i should remark that at SOHO China, we do not claim to know everything about the future. we are not prophets.
it just so happens that we have accurately identified a real social need and acted upon it swiftly yet prudently.
we will continue to refine our unique business model through continual consultation ( action review reaction ) and strive to adopt the model which is most dynamic and which most suits the pulse of the times. i picture SOHO China as a seed bursting with vitality, rooted in the fertile soil of the china market, ready to grow naturally and organically.
2008 is a special year to china, beijing, and SOHO China. the 2008 olympic games are the talk of the town, the country and in fact, the world. the government is proud to host the xxix olympics and has invested hundreds of billions of rmb in infrastructure accordingly. a post-olympics beijing will be more beautiful, more convenient, and more efficient. property values will rise.
in response to global economic conditions it seems the chinese economy and investors are set to make a shift toward domestic demand. we feel that since nearly all of our leasing clients are chinese companies, SOHO China stands to gain the most from this change. we will continue to cultivate this segment, invest prudently, and ride the wave of china s historic urbanization. we believe that with your support, our strides will be great.

9 march 2008 