Chairman s Statement 2008 was a year of great uncertainty. Under the enormous impact of the global fi nancial crisis, market conditions became exceptionally complicated and intensely volatile. In this age of pervasive information, there has been exhaustive analysis into the root causes of this, with every sort of prediction or commentary you can imagine coming out. SOHO China too fi nds itself in the midst of it all, charting the terrain, similar to a vessel navigating its course during a tsunami. In fact, the present chaos and adversity create diffi culties for judgment and decision, yet might allow us the best opportunity to self-refl ect and carry on with our learning and growth, as we rationally identify our path of business development.
Looking back on 2008, in the first half we were still struck by the central government s great concern over overheating in the property market. Tightening measures continued unabatedly, with numerous new macro-economic controls being introduced to the sector. In June 2008, the People s Bank of China again raised the deposit reserve rate, hugely impacting on the property market. It was not until October 2008 that the central government suddenly revised its real estate-related policies, introducing various remedial measures in conjunction with local governments. Some of these measures, particularly at the local level, were unprecedented, and they were supported by the banks, which were becoming more lenient in providing development loans and mortgages. As of year end, almost all of the outstanding loans of developers were extended, reflecting the strength of government directives to change the market dynamics.
Moreover in 2008, the people of Beijing, and indeed all of China, had devoted tremendous energy, passion and time to the Olympic Games. In order to ensure the highest quality Olympic Games possible, the People s Government of Beijing Municipality suspended construction in Beijing from the end of May. This had the effect of delaying our projects delivery schedule and, consequently, the recognition of sales into our accounts. The Olympics offered us the opportunity to fully participate in the Olympic spirit of unity, sacrifice, and patriotism. At the same time, we must guard against the spread of egotism and self satisfaction, because extreme nationalism impedes the development of a reform and open society, which will then hamper the development of the Company.
Since the second half of 2008, the global financial markets have been plagued by one piece of bad news after the other, which had evoked diverse set of responses. 2008 certainly saw an abundance of reflection and projection. Amidst such a storm, we too must first ask ourselves whether the direction of development of SOHO China is correct. The test we are facing is huge. The impact on us as a company and the overall real estate market is immense. Do we need to adjust our course of development? This is the question we seek to answer over the year.
The Book of Genesis in the Bible describes in detail the construction of Noah s ark, the advent of the catastrophic Flood and the salvation of the human race. This parable gives the analogy of floodwater, which represents the inundation of extreme materialism, and the ark, which symbolizes the faith of mankind.
The analogy applies to 2008, when a flood of extreme materialism wreaked havoc on a global scale. But where is the Noah s ark of today? Where is the gopher wood with which to build it? Where is the route to redemption? These are the questions we should 
The impact of the global financial crisis on China s economy is not to be underestimated, particularly as China s economy is so export-oriented. Every day, we read about in the news the closure of factories and suspension of construction works, which have caused at least 20 million lost jobs and lower fiscal revenue for 
Over the next three to five years, nearly every industry in China will be saddled with excess capacity. Labor, raw materials, land and etc. will be of excess capacity. Although the government has introduced a 4-trillion yuan stimulus package and the ten industry revitalization plan, which aim to encourage investment, reduce unemployment and maintain social stability, such measures only exacerbate the problem of excess capacity without a much- needed boost to domestic consumption.
In regards to the property sector, the central government is contemplating supplying an additional 9.9 million units of social housing in the next three years, which further adds to the excess supply and squeezes the residential market. However, one should note that the government has demonstrated great determination in stabilizing housing prices. It has introduced a policy of granting a 30% discount on mortgage rates for first-home buyers, and, in his working report for the National People s Congress, Premier Wen Jiabao recently announced the relaxation of restrictions on mortgages for second properties. This measure is expected to increase the demand for residences in several cities such as Beijing and Shanghai, where approximately 85% of its residents have already acquired their first properties.
Nevertheless, the second-hand property market is still quite undeveloped. It is still troubled by the lack of open transaction statistics, the difficult and time-consuming process of applying for mortgages, and extremely high trading fees and taxes. The central government is well aware of such problems and is seeking solutions proactively. However, the absence of a mature system for disclosing market information hinders the realization of the potential of the second-hand property market while holding back the development of the first-hand market.
Under this backdrop, we reviewed several of the key events for SOHO China in 2008.
Last year as always we adhered to the guideline of serving the market where it is most needed, rather than blindly contributing to areas where there is already oversupply. By having insight into the basic demand of the market, we aim to ensure that our judgment is not tainted by a prosperity that is just temporal and built on sand.
In general, the average price for land assets in the PRC fell by 50% in 2008. To a certain extent, this implies that any acquisition that was made during the year would have been seen as a mistake in hindsight s view. Though our posture had been defensive since early 2008, we too did in fact make two acquisitions before the Olympics, namely Chaoyangmen SOHO and ZhongGuanCun SOHO. Especially, when we look at Chaoyangmen SOHO, which we acquired for a consideration of RMB5.5 billion, we see that even though the prices for real estate in the area of East 2nd Ring Road, where Chaoyangmen SOHO is located, have fallen, the drop there is less than the nationwide average. When we consider how highly coveted the Chaoyangmen SOHO location is and SOHO China s strategy of focusing strictly on prime areas, we realize that the acquisition of Chaoyangmen SOHO was really a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity and should be seen for its merits.
ZhongGuanCun SOHO, by comparison, is much smaller.
We bought the project in a state of near completion. Having remodeled the interior we are now prepared to launch its sales campaign and promptly realize revenue and profit from it.
Ever since the Olympics Games, the Company s strategy has been to go into hibernation, so to speak, for new acquisitions. We have kept quiet given the market s volatility post-Olympics, buying neither land nor project, switching from small, selective moves to no moves at all. We relied on the value brought from our greatest assets truthfulness, self-restraint and discipline in promoting the healthy growth of the Company. That is to say, although we did not make any transactions, we still paid close attention to the changes in the market. And we have been gradually accumulating enough resources so that when the time comes and the market stabilizes, SOHO China would be able to swoop in and make timely acquisitions at low prices. Market fluctuations will prevail for a while and the PRC property market will be clouded by uncertainties stemming from the global economy. But in the coming year, SOHO China intends to use our cash at hand and the merger and acquisition loans provided by banks to pick up prime sites in Beijing and Shanghai markets at heavy discounts.
The global economic crisis has created a rare opportunity for us to purchase projects in prime areas at an exceptionally low price.
Our guiding principle is to identify those products that have the highest market demand and to make them available to the market. With regard to product portfolio, there are really two key components: location and product type. In terms of location, we favor the prime, city centre locations; with respect to product type, we focus on commercial and office units, which are not under the same pressure as residentials, as a result of government s sweeping social housing program. The fluctuation of prices of land and property assets in prime areas tends to be comparably lower than other areas, another advantage we see for acquiring prime location assets in the midst of the current financial crisis.
If the acquisition of land assets is the input to SOHO China, then the sale of properties is our output. Such a process is the foundation of SOHO China operation. Our healthy growth is the result from the balance of our input and output.
In 2008, the pre-sale revenue of SOHO China amounted to RMB7.7 billion, an exceptional result despite the clear market downturn. In fact, at Sanlitun SOHO, we have even raised prices seven times. We were first in Beijing in 2008 for pre-sales, and our success at Sanlitun SOHO has captured great attention both in Beijing and nationwide. We attribute our success there to the project s unique location and its innovativeness. While sales went down dramatically across China since early 2008, our sales-first approach held strong. So, in terms of input and output , SOHO China is extremely healthy. In 2008, the pre-sales of SOHO China was RMB7.7 billion, and our cash position was RMB10.7 billion.
This shows how solid our financial structure is and how capable we are of overcoming any possible flux or distress in the market.
What is SOHO China s secret weapon, which allows us to excel now and in the future? The answer still lies on our innovative product line and our valuable brand name. Our products reflect our creativity and originality, and give us a leg up for winning customers in a fiercely competitive market. After all, if there is one thing we have learned over the past 15 years of experience, it is that innovative products are the main driving forces for sales. In the future, innovation in green building, will most certainly become a selling point and we will put greater emphasis there. As for branding, it is not just having beautiful, glossy advertisements; rather, it is the core brand message, which for SOHO China is our values of creativity, truthfulness and responsibility.
There is great potential in the Chinese market, which was released by the Reform and the Opening, which continues to this day.
It is true that confidence is more important than gold and money . As such, SOHO China shows its confidence in its future prospects through our concrete actions. For instance, though construction works were suspended due to the 2008 Olympics Games, causing the recognition of certain profits to be delayed, even so, the Board has decided to allocate 130% of its profit for distribution to shareholders.
Urbanization is the key driver to the growth of China s real estate market. In the process of urbanization, the public needs premises to work and live. SOHO China s main role, in the process of urbanization, has been to supply offices and places of employment. In 2008, the properties developed by SOHO China housed approximately 3,000 companies, which employed a total of around 110,000 staff. However, this only represents a small slice of the pie. We expect an increasing number of people and companies to move to the city in the future. As more people come for study and employment, SOHO China will continue to be the supplier of the places where study and employment occur.
Looking ahead, no market followers are particularly optimistic about 2009. In fact, protectionism is re-emerging as the economic crisis spreads, and we might just find ourselves returning to the dark ages. We do not, however, find the darkness frightening.
With the right direction, we believe that we can soon bear witness to the beautiful dawn that comes after the darkest hour.
We now are in the midst of a great transformation. From the old world which is collapsing as the financial crisis unfolds. It is begotten a beautiful new world, foretold of by the prophets and visionaries. This unprecedented economic crisis helps us to realize the fallacies of our ways and allows us to see what the true treasures are: clean air and water, unpolluted earth and foods, the materials and energy required for development, our homes and working places, as well as the spirit of responsibility and the virtue of truthfulness. In fact, monetary assets and other derivatives all stem from these fundamental resources. We have learnt that when we lose the support brought from this foundation, everything is bound to crumble to dust.
All in all, challenges were faced in 2008, and more challenges will present themselves in 2009. We believe that it is inevitable that there will be bumps in the road as we continue to grow, and that these bumps actually serve us well as a part of our maturation.
Wishing you a morning more beautiful than the day before and a tomorrow more splendorous than yesterday.

12 March 2009 