Chairman s Statement A s 2013 arrives following the end of 2012, we reflect on what we achieved last year to adjust our pace, direction 
As has been our practice, our review begins with an analysis of the macro-environment in which we operate, so that we may more clearly understand our status and position and avoid committing mistakes attributable to ignorance and complacency.
As witnessed by all of us, in the midst of a volatile global economy and accompanied by unbalanced development in China, our entire society, being swept over by internet technology, is at the same time greatly influenced by the power of unity and the impact of discord. Almost every industry, including the real estate industry, suffers from oversupply and Marxist theory regarding the problems of oversupply is still applicable to today s situation. The emergence of these conflicts and contradictions may inevitably add another string of disappointment and frustration.
Nevertheless, we still believe that civilization continues to progress unabated. This phenomenon is unchangeable despite however difficult the situation is, be it the past, today or the future. It is the perpetual way and style of the evolution of our society. After meticulous observation of these conditions, we can discover the truth behind the veils, see the hope in disappointment, and find the guiding light amid darkness 
The internet replaces the old customs with a new order. More innovative creations come after the demise of certain industries and products. As certain industries become obsolete, more enduring industries are born.
Several years ago, after thorough consideration and discussion, the Group determined the future development strategy and direction of the Company: which is to focus on office properties development and investment in prime locations in Beijing and Shanghai. By the end of each year, we reflect on these strategies and direction that we have taken to see if we have missed any opportunities or taken the wrong paths.
1. The Group achieved excellent results in 2012. This is an important validation of the correctness of our strategies over the past years. The Group s turnover was approximately RMB15,305 million, with year over year growth of approximately 169% and a gross profit margin of approximately 59%. Net profit was approximately RMB10,585 million, with year over year growth of approximately 172%. Core net profit (excluding valuation gains on investment properties) was approximately RMB3,335 million, with a year over year growth of approximately 135%. Core net profit margin was approximately 22%.
2. Based on the Group s financial indicators, the Group ended the year in solid financial position, with a net gearing ratio of only 2.6% and over RMB22 billion in cash, providing a cushion in the event of future volatility and fluctuations in the economy, while enabling it to simultaneously pursue acquisitions in its two core markets. The Group expects 2013 will be an attractive year for acquisition opportunities, so the Group will focus on acquiring land and projects in Beijing and Shanghai.
3. Office rents in Beijing and Shanghai have been rising steadily. Despite the differences in the growth rates of the two cities during various periods, the steady overall rise in both markets laid a solid foundation for our new development model and strategy. In China, this solid foundation exists only in Beijing and Shanghai and is not present in any other second-tier cities.
4. Properties for commercial use include offices and retail facilities. As online shopping becomes more and more popular, its impact on retail bricks and mortar businesses is already enormous and will be increasingly significant in the coming years. Accordingly, the Group is reducing the retail exposure in its portfolio, and those retail facilities included in its projects will mainly be concept stores. Prominent brands such as Canon and Samsung have already established concept stores in the Group s 
2012 was a banner year for the Company the Group achieved solid earnings, further strengthened its balance sheet, and successfully executed a bellwether US$1 billion bond issuance. Most importantly, the Group strategically started the transition of its business model from Build-to-Sell to Build-to-Hold to capture market opportunities and forge a sustainable foundation for the Company s future development. The transition aroused some concern over the Company s financial capability to fulfil a smooth transition. The solid earnings and strong capital position provides the best answer! Earnings realised through the Build-to- Hold model would be more stable.
How does the Group adapt to an evolving society under the influence of the internet? In 2012, adhering to the Group s principles of openness, transparency and fairness to all clients, the Group disclosed all sales and leasing prices clearly on the internet with no privately offered discounts. This fundamentally changed the real estate industry s deep-rooted and unspoken rule that prices should be disclosed and negotiated offered only in private. The Group s excellent sales and leasing results have validated its advanced approach. The Group also made significant progress carrying out procurements and tenders on the internet with genuine openness and transparency, which attracted the participation of numerous highly qualified businesses, improving the quality of procurement and reducing costs. The essence of these two initiatives that we took in 2012 is the same, which is to promote justice and development through openness and transparency.
Under current market condition, openness and transparency solve problems of corruption and will provide protection for the Company s sustainable development.
In 2013, the Group will be vigilant in reviewing and modifying its strategy on a daily basis in order for the Group to adapt and accommodate the changing environment of the market. However, the Group will always adhere to its core values, identify real demand amid uncertainty, and offer the right products to the market and society based on their needs without taking undue risk. By making contributions to social advancement and offering appropriate products, the Company will be able to achieve a stable and sustainable growth and become a valuable contributor to society.

6 March 2013 