CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Thanks to the strong balance sheet, efficient and transparent leasing system, solid and sound operational management, as well as the unremitting team efforts, SOHO China, as the leading landlord in the prime office market in China, has achieved continuous breakthroughs and advancements in all aspects of its business in 
In 2014, SOHO China achieved a turnover of approximately RMB6,098 million with a gross profit margin of approximately 50%, and a net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of approximately RMB4,080 million. Core net profit (excluding valuation gains on investment properties) was approximately RMB1,778 million, and core net profit margin was approximately 29%. As more investment properties were completed and delivered for leasing, the scale of lettable gross floor area ( GFA ) grew and the rental income increased rapidly. SOHO China recorded rental income of approximately RMB424 million in 2014, representing an increase of approximately 52% year over year. The annual rental income of Qianmen Avenue project and SOHO Century Plaza increased by approximately 32% and 24% respectively compared with last year. Wangjing SOHO Tower 3, SOHO Fuxing Plaza and Sky SOHO, which were newly delivered during the Year, also started to make contribution to the rental income. At the end of 2014, the Company had total cash of approximately RMB12.5 billion with a net gearing ratio of only 19%. SOHO China has been adhering to prudent and counter-cycled acquisition discipline. In 2014, SOHO China did not make any land or project acquisition. On the contrary, we sold three projects in Shanghai through equity or assets transfer with a total consideration of approximately RMB8,282 million. In the medium to long run, we continue to see great value and asset appreciation potential for high quality office projects in the prime locations of Beijing and Shanghai, the two international metropolitan cities of China. We will gradually expand our asset portfolio as and when the 
With the completion of four investment properties in 2014, including Wanging SOHO Tower 3 and Guanghualu SOHO II in Beijing as well as SOHO Fuxing Plaza and Sky SOHO in Shanghai, the total GFA of our completed investment properties reached approximately 838,000 sq.m. as at 31 December 2014. It means that nearly half of the investment property portfolio on hand was completed and was made available for leasing. According to the construction schedule of the Company, we expect the remaining half of the investment property portfolio will be fully completed by the end of 2018. SOHO China will by then hold approximately 1.8 million square meters of completed commercial properties consisting of mainly office buildings in the prime locations of Beijing and 
The vacancy rate of quality office buildings in Lujiazui area in Pudong, Shanghai was approximately 1.6% at the end of 2014. Thanks to the strong demand in the Lujiazui area, SOHO Century Plaza has been almost fully occupied throughout the year of 2014. By the end of 2014, the occupancy rate of Qianmen Avenue project reached approximately 76.2%. The strategy to attract high quality tenants which fits the positioning of the project remains unchanged. In addition, the leasing results of the newly completed Wangjing SOHO Tower 3 and SOHO Fuxing Plaza in 2014 were also very delightful. Wangjing SOHO Tower 3 was completed and delivered in September 2014 and was launched for pre-lease in late April 2014. As at 31 December 2014, the project with a total GFA of approximately 170,000 square meters achieved approximately 68.9% occupancy rate, with over 70% of the tenants of the project by GFA coming from high technology or internet industry. SOHO Fuxing Plaza, with a total GFA of approximately 137,000 square meters, was completed and delivered in September 2014. Its occupancy rate reached approximately 64.4% at the end of 2014. In November 2014, both Guanghualu SOHO II and Sky SOHO were completed and launched for leasing with good momentum. As at 31 December 2014, the occupancy rate of Guanghualu SOHO II and Sky SOHO were 6.0% and 7.3% respectively.
In terms of management and operation of investment properties, SOHO China established its unique innovative online leasing platform www.sohochinaleasing.com. We publicize all the leasing related information including rentals, leasable GFAs, delivery standards, samples of leasing contract, leasing tenure, payment terms, etc.
through this online system. We believe that the open, transparent and standardized leasing platform will not only benefit our tenants but will also lay a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Company. First of all, the leasing system allows us to gain access to a much larger potential tenant base with domestic companies as the main targets. Secondly, it helps to boost the occupancy rates of our investment properties by improving the efficiency of the leasing work. We believe it is important to have buildings with high occupancy rates, as both potential retail and office tenants are attracted to buildings which already have a significant tenant population.
Meanwhile, openness, transparency and standardization will also help the Company to substantially reduce the operational costs involved with leasing activities.
In 2014, demand in the office rental markets in Beijing and Shanghai was vigorous. Vacancy rates remained at historically low levels, while rental price levels increased steadily. According to market reports from Savills, at the end of 2014, the monthly rent of prime offices in Beijing was RMB317 per square meter, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.2%. The vacancy rate of Beijing was 4.8% at the end of 2014 which remained basically unchanged compared with last year. The monthly rent of prime offices in Shanghai was RMB262 per square meter at the end of 2014, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.8%. The vacancy rate was 8.6% at the end of 2014 which was largely unchanged compared to last year. Although the economic growth of China slowed down in 2014, SOHO China remained confident on the market outlook of prime office spaces in Beijing and Shanghai. We believe that new supply of office spaces will continue to emerge in both cities as the local economies develop. However, the demand for prime office spaces will also increase steadily over time.
In particular, the scarcity of properties in the prime locations of Beijing and Shanghai will further support and enhance the asset value of such properties.
Over the past 30 years, China has experienced rapid growth, transforming from a planned economy to a market economy. The economic reform improved the quality of life for citizens. Nevertheless, as part of the economic development, massive construction projects have been carried out throughout the country and the level of industrialization has increased dramatically. These changes have created tremendous pressures on the environment, such as the deterioration of air quality and the decrease in fresh water reserves which have adversely affected the public health.
SOHO China has set very high standards for project design and innovation. We recruited world leading architects and built landmark buildings in both Beijing and Shanghai. Importantly, we have always emphasized on construction quality and have continued to improve the construction standards of our projects. Environmental quality is one of our most concerned matters. The Company integrated the concept of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ), a world s leading green building certification system, into our construction projects long time ago. SOHO China currently has 12 registered or certified LEED projects, including the LEED-CS Gold Certification of SOHO Fuxing Plaza and Wangjing SOHO. LEED is a profound global evaluation system, which conducts a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of properties to the environment from six aspects, including sustainable project site, water efficiency, energy & atmosphere, material & resources, indoor environmental quality, design innovation and regional priority.
The issue of PM2.5 has become a concern to the whole society in China. We notice that people living in cities spend 90% of their time in indoor areas or in vehicles. As such, it would be beneficial if we can improve the air quality in the indoor areas. We first started to install PM2.5 air purification system in our project Galaxy SOHO in Beijing and this turned out to be a great success. Now, no matter what the outdoor air quality is, the indoor air quality of Galaxy SOHO is always better than the standard in the PRC and better than the standards in the U.S. during most of the time. Going forward, all projects developed by SOHO China will be equipped with PM2.5 filtration systems such that people working and living in SOHO China s properties can all enjoy healthy and clean air.
In recent year, another green initiative we undertook was the establishment of SOHO China Energy Conservation Center. Energy consumption is the root cause of air pollution. As a property developer, we can help controlling the energy consumption of our properties. SOHO China has achieved many breakthroughs in the area of energy saving in 2014. During the Year, we have established a full set of energy management system with leading technology, enormous database and comprehensive structure. Also, we formed a management team which composed of many internal departments including design, project construction and property management which has made continuous efforts to research, plan and implement the energy saving measures. Our goal is to save 30% of the energy consumption for each property project developed by SOHO China in the future.
We believe that by reducing the energy consumption of our properties we will not only be able to achieve cost saving but can also help to protect our environment through addressing the root cause of pollution.

