CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2013 was the first year of the Company s transition from a Build-and-Sell to a Build-and-Hold business model. The Company is now the largest prime office developer in Beijing and Shanghai, as well as the only one exclusively focused on the development, leasing and operation of office properties in the market. The transition was an overall strategic adjustment after careful consideration. So far, it has been smooth and successful and is in line with the overall economic trend and development of the real estate industry in China.
The Company achieved excellent results in 2013. Turnover was approximately RMB14,621 million, with a gross profit margin of approximately 55.5% and net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company of approximately RMB7,388 million. Core net profit (excluding valuation gains on investment properties) was approximately RMB4,440 million, with a year-on-year growth of approximately 33%. Core net profit margin was approximately 30%. As of the end of 2013, the Company had approximately RMB10,650 million in cash and net gearing ratio of only about 17%.
Although we are confident about China s long-term economic prospect, we are concerned about some troubling signs in the residential property sector. While returns are being squeezed, mounting land cost continues to create land kings one after another, which is a deviation from normal market rules. This phenomenon is especially pronounced in second- and third-tier cities. On the contrary, Beijing and Shanghai, China s only two truly global cities and equipped with the best infrastructures and abundant resources, are well-positioned to continue the great economic growth in the future. We are particularly optimistic about the prospects of office properties in these two cities. After significant increases in 2012, office rental rate in Beijing remained strong at historical high levels. Shanghai office market also maintained a strong momentum, with rental rate growing nearly 5% year-on-year. Meanwhile, vacancy rates in these two cities remained at historical low levels.
All these figures point to the strength of demand for office properties in Beijing and Shanghai. In particular, Chinese domestic companies from all industry segments, be it finance, healthcare, consulting, manufacturing, or technology, are becoming the new force behind this growth in demand. We will continue to focus on the development, leasing and operations of prime office properties in the central areas of Beijing and Shanghai.
We made great progress under the new business model of Build-and-Hold throughout 2013, focusing on the development and operation of every single project. While creating value with each existing project, we also actively expanded by acquiring one commercial site in Beijing and Shanghai each to enrich our investment property portfolio and ensure long-term sustainable growth.
In 2013, we have achieved outstanding results in leasing and operation of commercial premises, supported by the Company s substantial experience in leasing and property management of commercial premises from our nearly two decades of history: " SOHO Century Plaza Situated in Century Avenue of Lujiazui, Pudong District, Shanghai, SOHO Century Plaza is the first wholly-owned investment property launched in Shanghai after the Company s transition.
The project was 100% leased in mid-2013, of which about a half was leased to Shanghai Futures Exchange and the remaining primarily to financial institutions and service companies. The average rent is higher than those of the surrounding comparable buildings.
" Qianmen Located in the heart of Beijing, Qianmen enjoys a daily traffic of 150,000 domestic and international visitors. Leveraging on Qianmen s unique locational advantages, the Company repositioned the project as a tourist destination. Tenant base has been significantly upgraded by introducing flagship and experience stores of renowned international and local brands, including Madame Tussaud s Wax Museum, Samsung, Lenovo, CJ Group from Korea, Wuyutai, Donglaishun, Red Star and Pacific Coffee Company, etc. The combination of such high-quality brands enhances inflow of visitors, and the large quantity of visitors in turn drives business at the stores, thereby forming a virtuous circle.
" SOHO Fuxing Plaza The project is located at Huai Hai Road Central, the most vibrant and cosmopolitan commercial area in Shanghai. Right next to the project is Shanghai Xintiandi with a bustling commercial atmosphere. The project has direct access to subway lines 10 and 13 (under construction), while lines 1, 8 and 9 are also in close proximity. Currently about 41% of the retail area has been pre-leased.
SOHO Fuxing Plaza is the first prime office tower equipped with the PM2.5 air-purification system in the Shanghai market, which has become a major attraction for the market and potential tenants.
While we strive to achieve strong results year after year, we remain equally focused on maintaining momentum for sustainable growth. In April 2013, the Company made a successful bid for a commercial land parcel in the core area of Hongqiao Foreign Trade Center in Shanghai s Changning District at a price of RMB3.19 billion. The total above-ground GFA of the land is approximately 105,476 square meters. Hongqiao Foreign Trade Center, the first foreign trade center in Shanghai, is located at the convergence area of offices, commercial premises and high-end apartments in Changning District. In September, the Company made another successful bid for a land parcel in the Lize Financial Business District in Beijing at a price of RMB1.922 billion. The site, located at the Lize Financial Business District between the Southwest 2nd and 3rd Ring Roads, is south of Financial Street and less than 1 km away from the West 2nd Ring Road. The total above-ground GFA of the land is approximately 124,000 square meters. With the unit price being only RMB15,500 per square meter, this project has great appreciation potential.
Occupancy and rental rates are measures of economic value of an office building, yet as a developer, we also bear important social responsibilities. Therefore, we are committed to creating positive social values through our buildings. Last year, we effectively tackled the PM2.5 air pollution problem in our buildings in a bid to offer a clean and healthy working environment for our tenants. The indoor air quality of SOHO China office towers has surpassed the standard set by the World Health Organization. Starting from Galaxy SOHO in Beijing, every SOHO China projects in future will be equipped with PM2.5 air-purification systems. During the year, we have also installed water dispensers to provide clean drinking water for our tenants. Last but not least, in an effort to create environment-friendly buildings and to protect the environment we are living in, we have established SOHO China Energy Saving Center, with a goal to enhance property management, save cost and improve 
Our physical health is linked to the health of the environment we live in. In many ways, a company is just like the human body and must maintain good health. As we dedicate ourselves to maintaining a healthy environment, we are also focused on building a healthy company. True health comes from inner wellness. A healthy society is driven by optimistic and motivated individuals with a healthy attitude, and ready to help others and serve the society. Similarly, the health of a company is not determined by its size, but by its culture and values. Unity, integrity and innovation are SOHO China s core corporate values. We will stay true to these values as we continue to strive for greater excellence and success.

4 March 2014 