Chairman s Statement During 2011, China s real estate industry experienced unprecedented challenges and tests. Starting from January, a series of tightening policies were implemented. In particular, policies aiming to restrict purchases and prices extended from first-tier cities to more than 40 cities throughout the country. To further curb the currency liquidity, the People s Bank of China raised the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) six times in a row and the RMB benchmark deposit and loan interest rates of financial institutions three times during the Year. The accumulative effects of various control policies became obvious and the transaction volume of properties dropped substantially during the second half of the Year. According to the figures announced by the CREIS, as compared with the same period in 2010, the overall transaction volume of real estate market of first-tier cities decreased by approximately 19.49% and the overall transaction volume of real estate market of the second-tier cities dropped by approximately 18.01% in 2011. This further tightened the capital of developers.
Under this stern condition, the Group witnessed that there were more companies starting to sell their high-quality assets in the market. These high-quality assets, including land and completed commercial properties, provided ample opportunities for the Group to enrich its land reserve.
2011 was a year of harvest for SOHO China. Supported by the prudent financial principles and healthy capital position, the Group had accomplished acquisitions with total amount exceeding RMB15 billion during the Period, marking a record high annual acquisition amount. The new land and projects acquired during the Year were all concentrated in superior locations with convenient transportation in Shanghai. Within merely two years, the Group has obtained 10 projects in Shanghai, including two in the prime precincts on the Bund. Thanks to these two prime properties, SOHO China will become the largest landlord on the Bund of Shanghai. Currently, the Group has accomplished balanced development between Beijing and Shanghai, and laid down solid foundation for further expansions in these areas. The successful expansion of SOHO China is not mere coincidence with more availability of land and projects resulting from market liquidity crunch; it is, to a larger extent, attributable to the Group s long-held stable and healthy financial principles and prudent acquisition strategies, which have kept the Group ready to seize any favorable 
Highly appreciated by the capital market, the Group successfully secured a syndicated loan amounting to US$605 million at a relatively low cost from 11 banks in mid-2011, while most developers worried about their capital conditions and funding channels. The abundant capital provided strong and solid support to the Group for future acquisitions, development and operations.
In regard to property sales, the Group achieved a total contract sales amount of approximately RMB10.9 billion in 2011. Though the commercial sector was not touched by any curbing measures applied to the residential sector, the Group did not have any new available-for-sale properties in the first half of the Year. There were three new projects launched in the second half of 2011, among which Danling SOHO was launched in July, with approximately 91% of the total area being sold out on the opening day and all offices were sold out, clinching sales of approximately RMB1.45 billion.
Wangjing SOHO was launched in August with sales amounting to RMB2.6 billion within a week.
Nevertheless, entering September, the market liquidity began to shrink, which affected the Group s 
On the other hand, the Group has observed that demand for commercial properties in Beijing and Shanghai is very strong. According to the market data released by CB Richard Ellis, for the fourth quarter of 2011, the rent of prime offices in Beijing and Shanghai increased by approximately 50.8% and 16.9%, respectively year on year, recording a historical high rental level. Occupancy rate also surged at the same time with certain offices located in prime locations in Beijing and Shanghai nearly fully rented. The sizzling rental market once again proved that the value of commercial properties was well recognized by the market. Notwithstanding such huge demand, market supply was still limited, especially the supply for strata titled commercial properties.
The Group believes that once the liquidity loosens or market regains its confidence, the sales of commercial properties will quickly return, driven by the demand for commercial properties. Although the market liquidity remains tight, the Group anticipates that the situation will improve within this year. The Group has strong confidence in 2012 contract sales and is more prepared. Unlike in 2011, the Company is well equipped with sales projects in 2012. Currently, the total saleable amount of the projects is approximately RMB24 billion, and in the second half of 2012, the Group expects to obtain sale permits for another two projects (namely, Sky SOHO and SOHO Century Plaza), and the total saleable property amount for 2012 is expected to exceed RMB30 billion.
The Group believes that there will be more acquisition opportunities in 2012. The Group will continue to focus on the best commercial opportunities in Beijing, Shanghai and other first-tier cities. With RMB15.7 billion capital in hand and with SOHO China s net cash position, SOHO China is still the only serious buyer.
The Company s acquisition target for 2012 is RMB10 billion and the Group will adhere to its existing business model, make due and careful choices and continue to acquire assets with high quality to increase the value of the Company.
Innovation has always been the soul of SOHO China. We have been cooperating with world- renowned architects so as to create the most unique and functional buildings. In terms of project construction, we have applied advanced system and techniques. Specifically, we introduced the BIM system and apply it in the areas of design, construction and project management, thus enhancing efficiency and ensuring construction qualities through more effective cooperation between design, budgeting, procurement, construction and sales departments. Advanced techniques are indispensable for realizing innovative design, being well equipped with innovative idea and state-of- the-art technology makes our products become more unique and stylish.
Temporary difficulties and tests will not shake our confidence in and focus on commercial properties. SOHO China will utilize its advantages to seize market opportunities and create more material and spiritual wealth for the Company and the society through constant innovations and 
14 March 2012 