CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENTDear Shareholders,
Looking back on 2016, Brexit, rampant terrorism, influx of
refugees into Europe, moderate tension at the Korean Peninsula,
and new policies of the Trump administration all cast some
uncertainties onto this world. However, the commercialization of
artificial intelligence, the momentum of VR and AR as well as the
development of bio-pharmaceuticals together prompted some
fresh aspirations onto our planet. In 2016, China continued to
lead the development of global automotive industry with a robust
growth rate of 15.5% in passenger vehicle production. Also, selfdriving,
new energy vehicles, internet-connected vehicles and car
sharing helped to speed up the tremendous changes across the
global automotive industry.
Let’s share what Minth has achieved during the financial year
ended 31 December 2016 (the “Review Year”) with a glance at
the following encouraging figures:
– revenue amounted to approximately RMB9,399,992,000,
representing a year-on-year increase of 22.8%;
– net profit amounted to approximately RMB1,719,141,000,
representing a year-on-year increase of 35.2%;
– gross profit margin increased to 34.6% from 31.7% in
2015;
– new business orders reached approximately RMB4.4
billion, ensuring a sound development in the future;
– dividend payout ratio remained at 40% with a final
dividend of HKD0.680 per share.
OPERATION AND LAYOUT
In order to achieve a sound development in the long run, during
the Review Year, Minth focused on the following aspects in
relation to its operation:
1. further optimised global footprint and improved the
operational and management capability of overseas
factories, in order to respond to the global changes
brought by the new policies of the Trump administration;
2. achieved breakthrough in developing business with
Audi and Volkswagen, and completed the initial stage
of strategic layout for European customers and luxury
brands customers;
3. strengthened economies of scale and internal
improvement; focused on the enhancement of the
operation and management of aluminum products and
paid attention to the improvement of overseas operational
results; realized a fast recovery in gross profit margin;
4. promoted automation and set up intelligent equipment
business unit to initiate a reform of manufacturing model
in its factories across the world;
5. established strategic partnership with Haartz, Fujitsu,
Clean Wave to develop new materials, automotive
electronics, electric motors; in order to build a long term
development strategy for new products;
6. emphasized and promoted the building of talent pool
and the nurturing of talented staff; outlining a blueprint for
globalized management framework system.
OUTLOOK
Looking forward to 2017, Minth will carry forward its glory and
maintain a solid and healthy growth and development. First of all,
China’s passenger vehicle industry is still expected to maintain a
sound growth rate of 5% to 8%. Similarly, the global automotive
industry will still enjoy stable growth. We are confident that with
new business awarded from previous years, Minth will maintain
a tremendous growth. Additionally, despite the continued pricing
pressure from OEMs and the increase in commodity prices, Minth
is capable of maintaining its gross profit margin fairly well as a
result of the rising proportion of aluminum products in revenue
and the improvement in the operational results in overseas
factories. Moreover, while we strive for more orders, we will further
optimise our global presence, realize intelligent manufacturing and
achieve an upgrade to our manufacturing model by leveraging
our global customer base. Besides, we will pay more attention
to changes across the automotive industry; invest in auto-parts
featuring lightweight, intelligence and electric vehicle application,
with an aim to build up a long term product development platform
for Minth. Meanwhile, we will keep nurturing the global talent pool
for Minth and establish a global management and control system
so that we will truly become one of the Top 100 enterprises in the
global auto-parts industry.
Globalization, self-driving, new energy vehicles, internetconnected
vehicles and car sharing will become the trending key
words in the global automotive industry. Amid these momentous
changes, Minth will endeavor to grasp the development
opportunities to make automobiles lighter, prettier and more
intelligent.
Let's join hands to forge ahead with our intelligence put into
action!
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt
gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence,
hard work and contributions to the Group during the Review
Year, and I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their trust
and support.
SHI JIAN HUI
Chairman
21 March 2017