Chairman s Statement I hereby present to all our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report of Minth Group Limited (hereinafter referred to as the Company ) and together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2009.
During the year 2009, the Company, with great confidence and a flexible and down-to-earth approach, grasped the opportunities in the recovery of the industry and achieved encouraging results after the financial crisis in 2008. Both the turnover and the profit of the Company during the year 2009 were fairly notable, which was attributable to the great efforts made by the management and all the employees, and also to the consistent support and trust from the Shareholders and our business partners.

The results of the Group represented a continuous growth during the year 2009. Turnover for the year 2009 amounted to approximately RMB2,544,680,000, representing a growth of approximately 29.4% from approximately RMB1,966,464,000 in 
The gross profit for the year 2009 amounted to approximately RMB969,902,000, representing an increase of approximately 36.0% as compared to approximately RMB713,353,000 in 2008.
The gross margin in 2009 was approximately 38.1%, an increase of approximately 1.8% compared to approximately 36.3% in 
During the year 2009, the net profit attributable to the Shareholders amounted to approximately RMB621,442,000, representing a growth of approximately 46.5% from approximately RMB424,110,000 in 2008 Review on Operations Market and Results During the year 2009, the passenger vehicle market in China had experienced a rapid recovery from the downturn in the previous year while the overseas markets also recovered to some extent.
The Group, rewarded by its efforts to promote management efficiency, team building and strengthening, and elevating its overall quality and core competence in 2008, was able to tackle the market recovery by prompt response to the external conditions and achieved encouraging results. The Group achieved an increase of approximately 46.5% in net profit attributable to Shareholders when compared to 2008, which out-performed the operation targets previously set by the management and the profit forecast of the Group.
Business and Layout During the year 2009, the Group took the initiative in business operations and layout taking into account both existing and future 
The rapid rebound in the Chinese domestic passenger vehicle market and the reshuffle and recovery of overseas markets during the year 2009 provided a sound environment for the continuous growth of the Group. While maintaining its core customers, the Group also developed new customers proactively. Also by increasing the sales to the Korean and American original equipment manufacturers ( OEMs ), the Group was able to achieve the goal of diversifying the customer structure portfolio; by exploring new product series, the goal of diversifying the product structure portfolio was achieved as well; by promoting the research and development ( R&D ), business development capability and profitability of the entities it has invested in territories outside China, the Group realized globalization preliminarily.
By and through all the efforts above, the Group consolidated and increased its market share in domestic market, achieved a moderate growth in overseas markets and obtained strategic achievements such as MINTH AAPICO (Thailand) Co., Ltd (MINTH AAPICO, the Group s subsidiary in Thailand) going into stable operation and generating profit of Plastic Trim International, Inc.
(PTI, the Group s joint venture in North America).
However, the Group s vision was not limited merely to the achieving of short term profit but also to the focus on the reservation for the future development. The Group expanded significantly in its R&D. Two overseas design bases one in each of North America and Japan were established respectively for the purposes of improving the Group s competence in designing for global customers and building the internationalized R&D teams through which the Group would be able to benefit from a higher value derived from the comparatively low R&D costs using domestic resources and talents. In business exploration, based on the long-term partnership with the main OEMs in the domestic market and along with the Group s comprehensive layout in overseas markets, the global strategic cooperation between the Group and these OEMs has further strengthened.
During the year 2009, the Group established Minth Mexico, S.A.
DE C.V., a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in Mexico and a wholly-owned subsidiary in Germany for sales management to further develop the business in Europe is under preparation. In enhancing management efficiency, the Group implemented the regional managing system that has given initial effectiveness to build an integrated platform for resource allocation. Meanwhile, a more scientific information managing system was also introduced.
All these efforts will avail the Group of the stable growth in the 
Investor Relations and Communication The Group s Investor Relations Department has been dedicated to effective communication with Hong Kong and international investors through analysts briefings, roadshows, reception of routine visits by the investors and analysts as well as corporate website, so as to ensure that investors receive timely and accurate information about the latest developments of the Company, thus helping to enhance the transparency of the Company.

I believe that, the gradual recovery of the global passenger vehicle industry and strong rebound in the Chinese domestic market after the down turn caused by the financial crisis have supported a view that upward momentum will be maintained in a fairly long term in future. By virtue of its deep root and development in the automotive part industry over the years, its experience drawn from both challenges and opportunities, its emphasis on market exploration, R&D investment and management upgrading, and its consistent pragmatic, stable, and creative working approach as well, the Group is expected to go from strength to strength and take a quantum leap based on the existing results.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of the Company, I would like to thank all our managers and staff for their diligent services. We also want to thank all the Shareholders who have extended their trust and support to us. We believe that with the co-operation and support of all of you, we will create and deliver greater value for our investors in the future.
CHIN JONG HWA 
23 March 2010 