CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of Minth Group Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2012 (the Review Year ).
During the Review Year, the development of China s passenger vehicle market was affected by various aspects, including implementation of purchase restriction policy of vehicles in some cities, territorial disputes between China and Japan, capacity expansion of major OEMs, implementation of the regulations of vehicle recall and three guarantees policy for repair, replacement or refund of faulty vehicles and the rising concern for environmental protection. The Group recorded a stable growth despite a changing market.
During the Review Year, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB4,329,906,000, representing an increase of approximately 11.3% from approximately RMB3,889,405,000 in 2011. In particular, the Group s turnover that came from the overseas markets amounted to approximately RMB1,310,813,000, representing a growth of approximately 27.0% from approximately RMB1,032,271,000 in 2011. The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB841,159,000, representing an increase of approximately 6.8% from approximately RMB787,318,000 in 2011. The Group s gross profit was approximately RMB1,434,039,000, representing an increase of approximately 5.2% from approximately RMB1,362,604,000 in 
The management of the Group will enhance its competitiveness and consolidate its presence in the industry through efforts on globalization and improvements in operations.
OPERATION AND STRATEGIC 
During the Review Year, other than continuous research and development ( R&D ) for new materials and new products, the Group proactively explored overseas markets and optimised customer structure. The business orders of the Group continued to grow, indicating its business potential. Improvement in the products quality helped the Group secure business from the high-end vehicle markets.
During the Review Year, influenced by territorial disputes between China and Japan, Japanese OEMs, as the Group s major customers, reduced their production volume in China, leading to their loss in market share. The Group s domestic turnover growth slowed down due to the sluggish sales growth of Japanese OEMs. However, the Group believes that the influence is for a 
The Group seeks for and promotes cooperation in various approaches. On 28 September 2012, the Group and Tokai Kogyo Co., Ltd. ( Tokai Kogyo ) entered into an agreement for establishment of a joint venture in Mexico that engages in the sale of resin products, plastic injection products and other related auto parts in Mexico and exports thereof to the international markets.
During the Review Year, the Group continued to put efforts on R&D of application methods for aluminum products and breakthrough on product technology. As such, the Group successfully obtained orders from various major global OEMs.
The completion of the Group s aluminum products production base in Huai an realized the scaled production from raw materials to finished products and vertical integration of the manufacturing chain, which would further accelerate the application and promotion of the Group s new materials.
The business development of the Group will be strongly supported by its optimised network in China, fast-growing overseas market share and influence, vertically integrated design and manufacture chain as well as a well-run global production system.

Facing the challenges arising from the cross-culture integration and the management efficiency, the Group paid a lot of attention to internal improvement and attracted more talents with international experience, in order to enhance the Group s capability of techniques and innovation.
Through leadership development programs, performance management and talent assessment systems, the Group s core values and culture were reviewed to fit its globalization efforts.
Based on the Group s business development needs and requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the Listing Rules ), the Group also reviewed and enhanced its entire internal management system and risk control system, revised the Company's articles and association, implementing rules of special Board committees.
Based on regulatory requirements, the Group formulated an inside information management system to strengthen regulations on inside information management and enhance corporate 
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group thoroughly maintains and enhances its transparency. Latest developments and financial reports of the Group are available to investors through its website http:www.minthgroup.com, or by directly contacting the Group s Investor Relations Department.
The Group maintains effective communications and good relationships with fund managers and analysts through meetings, conference calls, road shows, etc. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries to the company s appropriate staff member through meetings, emails, or phone calls, etc. They are also invited to attend annual general meetings and voice any concerns or suggestions to the Directors.

There are many challenges ahead for the world politics and economy, and the changing market may be deemed as a potential factor that impacts the vehicle industry and the Group s 
The urbanization in China, the upgrade of consumption structure and the rigid demand of cars will ensure the sustainable development of China s vehicle market, and fuel-efficient and new energy cars are expected to enjoy more favorable development 
The Group will continue to be dedicated to globalization in order to mitigate the potential pressure arising from wage inflation, fluctuation of exchange rate and other hurdles which might influence the future development of the Group. The Group will also explore business opportunities through R&D in new techniques and new materials, as well as attempt to set foot in the business for aftermarket, electric vehicle parts and welfare vehicles.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contribution for the Group, and I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their support and trust. With such assistance and support, the Group is confident of generating long-term and greater value for Shareholders.
CHIN JONG HWA 
19 March 2013 