I am pleased to present to all our shareholders the annual report of Minth Group Limited (hereafter referred to as the Company ) and together with its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2007. The Company recorded impressive business growth in 2007. We completed and optimized the strategic network of our domestic market and had achieved significant breakthrough in developing overseas markets. I would like to attribute our success to the great efforts devoted by our senior management and all of our staff and the support and trust from our shareholders and business 
The results of the Group represented a continuous and rapid growth in 2007. Turnover for the year ended 31 December 2007 amounted to approximately RMB1,408,747,000, representing a growth of approximately 47.3% from approximately RMB956,232,000 in 2006.
The gross profit for the financial year ended 31 December 2007 amounted to approximately RMB550,402,000, representing an increase of approximately 46.2% as compared to approximately RMB376,397,000 in 2006. The gross margin in 2007 was approximately 39.1%, which remained at similar level as compared to approximately 39.4% in 2006.
Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company (the Shareholders ) amounted to approximately RMB359,865,000, representing a growth of approximately 33.9% from approximately RMB268,701,000 in 2006. The Group had started to increase its overseas investment since 2007, while the majority of the Group s revenue was still from the PRC in 2007. Given this, the Company s functional currency was determined as Renminbi, which resulted in foreign exchange losses of approximately RMB57,376,000.
With the furtherance of the Group s overseas investment, the Company s functional currency may be determined as the Hong Kong ( HK ) dollar in the future.
Review on operations Earnings in-line with expectations During the year under review, the Group benefited from the rapid growth of the PRC passenger car industry and at the same time, further strengthened and enhanced the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group s three core product categories internally, i.e. trims, decorative parts and body structural parts. We fully explored the potential of market capacity, expanded and developed new customers and products and deepened our strategic network in both domestic and overseas markets. In terms of average growth, we achieved leading remarkable results among our industry peers. The Group achieved an increase of approximately 33.9% in net profit attributable to shareholders when compared to 2006, which was in-line with the previous operation target set by the management and the profit forecast of the Group.
Completion and optimization of the network in domestic market During the year under review, the Group further expanded its investments in those regions such as Jiaxing and Changchun in the PRC after taking into consideration client relationships, locations, consolidated investment costs and business models. In addition to the five newly established subsidiaries, the Group acquired the control of three previously jointly controlled entities through acquiring their equity interests. These companies are engaged in the key businesses of the Group such as core products manufacturing, mould design and manufacturing, and extended business involving passenger car minor change design and accessory design.
The Group achieved its previous operation target of its domestic market results comfortably and further obtained 146 new projects. This has laid down a solid base for our development for 2007 and in future. During the year 2007, the Group continued to supply products and services to the factories of joint ventures established by multinational automakers which includes Honda Motor Company ( Honda ), Nissan Motor Co., Ltd ( Nissan ), Toyota Motor Corporation ( Toyota ), General Motors Corporation ( GM ), Ford Motor Company ( Ford ), Chrysler Motors LLC ( Chrysler ), Bayerische Motoren Worke ( BMW ), Volkswagen AG Group ( Volkswagen ), PSA Peugeot Citroen ( Peugeot Citroen ) and Hyundai Motor Company ( Hyundai ). Moreover, the Group successfully entered into the supplier system of BYD Company Ltd. and Dongfeng Yueda-KIA Automobile Company Ltd. and our business arena covered major global automobile manufacturers that have joint-ventures in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). Besides customer development, the Group has also focused on the development of new product mix in 2007.
We had developed new products, namely, seat sliding rail, seat frame, skylight division bar and electric sliding door.
The successful developments of those new products had given us great confidence in the future business development of the Group.
Progressive set-up of the network in overseas markets During the year under review, the Group s global strategy had achieved major breakthroughs. It upgraded its offices in North America and Japan as its wholly-owned subsidiaries successively and had established new offices in Australia. At the same time, by investing jointly with its strategic partners Sojitz Corporation, the Group had established Plastic Trim International Inc., and acquired all the assets, assumed liabilities and businesses which originally belonged to Plastic Trim, LLC. The setting up of the joint venture signifies an important milestone in the global business development of the Group and will facilitate in enhancing the international business strengths of the Company. In view of its strategic moves in capturing bigger market share in South-east Asian markets in coping with the policy change in the PRC s domestic market, cost increases and exchange rate risks, the Group had entered into a joint-venture agreement with Aapico Hitech Public Company Limited, a local automobile parts supplier in Thailand. A joint venture company, Minth Aapico (Thailand) Co., Ltd. was established subsequent to the year end.
By leveraging on both the domestic and overseas production facilities network mentioned above, coupled with its customer base, the Group had already structured a strategic layout of its domestic market in the PRC as well as overseas markets. I believe such a network will lay a solid foundation for our businesses in both the domestic and overseas markets and is expected to contribute effective support and concrete contributions to the financial performance in the 
Enhancement in consolidated R&D 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2007, the Group continued to put great efforts in enhancing the comprehensive R&D capabilities, increasing its investment in resources in technology development. Our R&D expenditures increased by approximately 54.8% when compared to 2006.
In 2007, for the first time, the Group had succeeded in the concurrent design of door frame. It is also the first time for the Group to participate in the concurrent design projects with Nissan Shatai and Dongfeng Nissan in collaboration with Japanese design companies. It had entered into 9 new technical co-operative contracts with our Japanese partners.
The primary target of the R&D work is to continue in professionalizing the technique and expanding the production in plastic injection mould, stamping dies and surface treatment processes. During the year, the Group had basically completed the re-structuring of its internal resources and workflow system. Apart from its core products, the R&D of new products in other categories is 
I believe that R&D capabilities contributed first and foremost to the Group s perpetual developments. It will also constitute the core competitiveness of the Group in sustaining leadership in future. The Group will further increase its investment in R&D in future.
Open communication channels with 
The Company has set up a professional team that is dedicated to open communication channels with Hong Kong and international investors, so as to ensure that investors receive timely and accurate information about the latest developments of the Company.

I am confident that, benefiting from the booming Chinese passenger vehicle market, the Group will further increase its market share in China, extend its product line, advance its production network in overseas low cost countries and global sales network, with the aim to become a new global 
On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of the Company, I would like to thank all our managers and staff for their diligent services. We also want to thank all the shareholders who have extended their trust and support to us. We believe that with the co-operation and support of all of you, we will create and deliver greater value for our investors in future.
CHIN JONG HWA 
1 April 2008 