CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of Minth Group Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2015 (the Review Year ).
During the Review year, the sales of passenger vehicles in China, the U.S. and Europe continued to grow, and both production and sales of China s passenger vehicles exceeded 20,000,000 units for the first time. The Group continued to maintain its steady development path and achieved a sound performance.
During the Review Year, the Group s revenue was approximately RMB7,654,123,000, representing an increase of approximately 14.5% from approximately RMB6,683,880,000 in 2014, of which the overseas revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB3,044,005,000, representing an increase of approximately 19.2% as compared with approximately RMB2,554,028,000 in 2014. The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,271,677,000, representing an increase of approximately 13.8% from approximately RMB1,117,605,000 in 2014. The Group s gross profit was approximately RMB2,427,685,000, representing a growth of approximately 16.4% from approximately RMB2,085,207,000 in 2014. The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.548 per share for the Review Year to Shareholders. The payment of the final dividend shall be subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting ( AGM ) expected to be held in May 2016.
OPERATIONS AND STRATEGIC 
Given the continuous growth of its global market share, the Group has consistently been improving the supply chain, lean manufacturing and quality management and has reinforced the investment in renovation of production automation and forged the research and development ( R&D ) capability for new products, in order to strengthen the competitive edge of the Group.
During the Review Year, the Group signed an investment agreement in relation to an automotive electronics project with the Management Committee of Ningbo Meishan bonded area of China (-N W[lhqOzn@S{tYTg). The new investment plan in automotive electronics will enable the Group to explore new growth drivers for its business. During the Review Year, the Group signed a contract to acquire the remaining equity interest of Jiaxing Dura Minth Automotive Parts Co., Ltd, a former joint venture of the Group in China. This acquisition completed on 28 January 2016 and is expected to contribute positively to the business development of the Group s body structural parts.
The Group s customer base continues to be further balanced and globalized. During the Review Year, the Group s new business intake achieved a historical breakthrough. In order to accommodate the customer demand of new business development, the Group continued to optimize the layout of production resources as well as facilitate the economies of scale in production and centralized production.
The Group has placed emphasis on the R&D of new products and technologies. Several technologies of the Group have met the international standards. During the Review Year, new business orders of the Group recorded new breakthroughs in terms of aluminum products, chrome plating products and plastic pillar capping with hard coating technology.

In response to the globalized development, the Group conducted systematic update and publication in relation to the human resources policy of the Group on top of a policy level. It established a compensation structure based on the local labor force markets of the relevant subsidiaries and a performance-based salary adjustment system. The Group reinforced its care for the employees physical and mental health and enhanced their sense of security, belongingness and happiness of its employees.
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group thoroughly maintains and enhances its transparency.
Latest developments and financial reports of the Group are available to investors through its website http:www.minthgroup.com, or by directly contacting the Group s Investor Relations Department.
The Company maintains effective communications and good relationships with fund managers and analysts through meetings, conference calls, road shows, etc. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries to the Company s appropriate staff member through meetings, emails, or phone calls, etc. They are also invited to attend AGMs and voice any concerns or suggestions to 
Owing to the adjustments of policies in China s automotive industry and the household registration system reform, it is expected that China s passenger vehicle market will keep its stable growth momentum. The global automotive market will still show a certain regional differentiation. As such, the Group will continue to strengthen its market share and explore new 
The Group will continue its balanced and scale development path to realize a synergetic development of global strategy with its clients. Meanwhile, the Group will increase the investment and layout in automotive electronics and new energy vehicles in order to explore new growth drivers for its business. In response to the planning of China s industrial policies, the Group will gradually upgrade its industrial automation level in the future.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contributions to the Group during the Review Year, and I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their trust and 
CHIN JONG HWA 
21 March 2016 