CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of Minth Group Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2014 (the Review Year ).
During the Review Year, the production and sales of automobiles in China reached a record high, despite a slowdown in growth compared to the previous year s. The Group continued to maintain steady growth and achieved favorable results. During the Review Year, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB6,683,880,000, representing an increase of approximately 21.3% from approximately RMB5,510,385,000 in 2013. In particular, the Group s turnover that came from the overseas markets amounted to approximately RMB2,554,028,000, representing a growth of approximately 46.5% from approximately RMB1,743,734,000 in 2013. The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,117,605,000, representing an increase of approximately 15.1% from approximately RMB971,338,000 in 2013. The Group s gross profit was approximately RMB2,085,207,000, representing an increase of approximately 14.7% from approximately RMB1,818,565,000 in 2013. The Board has recommended a final dividend of HKD0.516 per share to Shareholders for the Review Year. The payment of the final dividend shall be subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting ( AGM ) expected to be held in May 2015.
OPERATIONS AND STRATEGIC 
Given the global expansion of its business scale, the Group has consistently been improving its operation and management functions, optimizing its production layout and enhancing its capabilities in research and development ( R&D ), in order to further accommodate its future development.
During the Review Year, the Group acquired the remaining 50.18% equity interest in its former US joint venture, Plastic Trim International Inc. ( PTI ). Such acquisition would contribute positively to the Group s business development and market share gain in North America, and will also facilitate the growth of the Group s business in China and other overseas markets at the 
The Group attaches importance to a diversified and balanced development of customer structure and product mix. During the Review Year, the Group achieved a good performance in new businesses and new products. In addition, through integrating production resources, optimizing production layout, maximizing the advantages in cost, quality and efficiency, the Group is gradually promoting its strategic planning to improve its economies of scale in production.
Given the development trend of environmental protection, body weight reduction and new energy vehicles, a good development prospect is expected for aluminum product business. During the Review Year, the Group continued to increase its efforts in the R&D and application of aluminum products, and endeavored to build up the global production layout for its aluminum products in order to further steadily develop its aluminum product business.

In response to the global expansion of its business and the corresponding growth in its overseas operations, during the Review Year, the Group continued to increase investment in the human resources of its overseas operations, and expand the global vision and cultural exchanges of its global senior management team. The Group has continued to strengthen its talent management and performance-oriented culture so as to enhance the core competitiveness of its talents and enterprises.
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group thoroughly maintains and enhances its transparency. Latest developments and financial reports of the Group are available to investors through its website http:www.minthgroup.com, or by directly contacting the Group s Investor Relations Department.
The Company maintains effective communications and good relationships with fund managers and analysts through meetings, conference calls, road shows, etc. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries to the Company s appropriate staff member through meetings, emails, or phone calls, etc. They are also invited to attend annual general meetings and voice any concerns or suggestions to the Directors.

In the long run, China s automotive market is expected to continue its growth momentum, and its development potential is still favored by major OEMs. Mature automotive markets are also expected to grow steadily. The consumption potentials of emerging automotive markets should not be underestimated. The Group will seize the business opportunities of global automotive markets, and continue to consolidate and expand its global 
The Group will continue to pursue its overall strategies of globalization and balanced development, and implement the strategic approach of improving its automation level and economies of scale in production. The Group is steadily progressing R&D and global cooperation in terms of the parts for new energy vehicles and electronic components for intelligent automobiles, which is expected to create new opportunities for its business development. The Group will continue to work towards its goal of reaching a leading position globally in terms of market share of core products and becoming one of the top 100 global OEM parts suppliers.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contributions to the Group during the Review Year, and I would also like to thank all Shareholders of the Company for their trust and support.
CHIN JONG HWA 
24 March 2015 