Chairman s Statement production capacity, the Group had, during the Review Period, acquired certain land use right and plants through acquisition of the entire equity interests in Jiaxing Situ Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ( Situ ), Jiaxing Guowei Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ( Guowei ) and Huzhou Minhai Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ( Huzhou Minhai ). During the Review Period, in view of advancing its level of vertical integration, the Group acquired minority interests in Haimen Xinhai Special Chrome Plating Co., Ltd. ( Haimen Xinhai ).
However Haimen Xinhai suffered losses from a fire accident. Given the current market turmoil, and to avoid further losses, the Group decided to sell its interests in Haimen Xinhai in order to protect the Group s overall 
R&D capabilities and business expansion During the Review Period, the Group continued to put great efforts in enhancing its Research & Development ( R&D ) capabilities and increasing its investment in technology development. Research expenditures increased by approximately 45.1% when compared to that of 2007. By virtue of the strong R&D capabilities, the Group was able to exploit more new products and more new businesses.
During the Review Period, the Group had obtained 101 new projects including 40 overseas projects, which is expected to contribute significantly to the Group s revenue.
Amid unfavorable market conditions, the Group continued to actively explore the market, cautiously select customers and strengthen the relationship with them. Domestically, sales network has been maintained and consolidated.
Despite the impact of the economic crisis during the year, the production and sales volume of the Group s key customers registered a modest increase. The Group continued to work closely with such customers and managed to control its costs through reducing inventory and waste levels. In overseas markets, besides consolidating the existing relationships with its current customers, the Group had also entered into the supplier system of PSA Peugeot-Citroen ( Peugeot-Citroen ) and Fiat S.p.A ( Fiat ) in Europe, Ford Motor Company ( Ford ) and Nissan Motor Co., Ltd ( Nissan ) in North America and PACCAR Inc ( PACCAR ). During the Review Period, in order to enhance risk control, the Group started buying credit insurance for its export receivables with China Export & Credit Insurance Corporation through some of the Group s subsidiaries in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ). The above insurance covers part of the export receivables from 1 November 2008 to 31 October 2009.
On the other hand, during the Review Period, by cautiously selecting its suppliers, the Group set up its supplier entry and elimination systems to create a win-win situation with its suppliers and to optimize supply resource and supplier integration. A strategic procurement system was initiated during the Review Period which helped to improve the sourcing quality and to cut sourcing cost.
I am convinced that, in this global economic environment, advanced R&D capabilities and strong business development capabilities are the core competences of the Group, which, combined with our advanced strategic procurement system and information management system, laid a solid foundation. All these would help us overcome the severe challenges and pursue future development of the Group. The Group will continue its investments in R&D in 
Open communication channels with 
The Company has set up a professional team dedicated to open communication channels with Hong Kong and international investors, so as to ensure that investors receive timely and accurate information about the latest developments of the Company.

I believe that, for the year or the years to come, the automotive industry to which the Company is closely tied will be full of challenges. But by virtue of the Company s good knowledge of the industry, appropriate and effective strategic layout as well as its consistent investment to advance its R&D capabilities, the Company will definitely sustain a steady growth aiming for a better future.

On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of the Company, I would like to thank all our managers and staff for their diligent services. We also want to thank all the Shareholders who have extended their trust and support to us. We believe that with the co-operation and support of all of you, we will create and deliver greater value for our investors in the future.
CHIN JONG HWA 
30 March 2009 