CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I hereby present the annual report of Minth Group Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the financial year ended 31 December 2010 (the Year under Review ) to our shareholders (the Shareholders ).
It is my great pleasure to report that thanks to the continued commitment and efforts of the management and all the staff, as well as the enduring trust and support from our Shareholders and partners, the Group attained remarkable success during the Year under Review. During the Year under Review, we obtained impressive results by capturing the rapid development of the domestic auto market and the recovery of the overseas markets.
During the Year under Review, the Group reported a turnover of approximately RMB3,575,594,000, representing a growth of approximately 40.5% when compared to approximately RMB2,544,680,000 in 2009. In particular, overseas turnover amounted to approximately RMB841,380,000, representing an increase of 114.4% when compared to approximately RMB392,358,000 in 2009. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB811,172,000, which jumped by approximately 30.5% when compared to approximately RMB621,442,000 in 2009. Gross profit of the Group was approximately RMB1,307,438,000, which rose by approximately 34.8% when compared to approximately RMB969,902,000 in 
In my opinion, the above results of the Group during the Year under Review were mainly attributable to the fact that the Group has made strategic moves externally and strengthened competitive strengths internally.
OPERATION AND STRATEGIC 
During the Year under Review, the Group took a strategic approach to tap into a wider range of customers, so as to develop towards a multi-faceted and globalized collaboration. Leveraging on the existing customer network covering all major passenger car manufacturers, we have supplied to more car models, and developed new product lines. We also became more involved in development before production, and explored new ways of cooperation. Through overseas design and production base expansion, the Group has improved the global supply network.
On 13 December 2010, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement with *h_g>yO@b (Nojima Seisakusyo Co., Ltd.) ( Nojima ) to set up a joint venture in Wuhan, namely fk "oOe}lN gPlQS (Wuhan Minth Nojima Automotive Parts Co., Ltd.) ( Minth Nojima ), which will be mainly engaged in the design, production and sales of car seat frame systems and other automotive components. On 7 March 2011, the Group entered into a sale and purchase agreement to acquire 45% equity interest in SDyrSN gPlQS (KFTC (Beijing) Co., Ltd.) ( Beijing KFTC ) from Korea Fuel-Tech Corporation ( KFTC ) and Mr. Chung Koo Lee ( Mr. Lee ).
The Group is also under close inspection, assessment or negotiation of more cooperation, joint ventures, acquisitions or other investment projects. Those projects are expected to enable us to take full advantage of the existing resources to keep abreast of the development direction of the industry and improve the profitability structure of the Group, thereby paving a way for future growth. On the other hand, the Group placed focused priorities on the reinforcement of technology research and development, expansion of industrial bases and reserves of infrastructure resources during the Year under Review, and will continue to do so in the next few years.

It has been my belief that the Group s intrinsic competitive edge lies in its ability to keep highly aware of market situation and to make determined decisions, and is also attributed to its flexibility to promptly react to market opportunities and changes and is built on an efficient and pragmatic team. However, as the Group has always kept alert of any hidden market crisis, and well understood that raw materials and labor costs are inevitably tending upwards, the Group has continued to modify its organization and system, in order to stay ahead of other competitors in terms of inner strengths. During the Year under Review, the Group strengthened the optimization of its business processes and organizational structure, and stepped up efforts on in-house talent training and selection. The Group also endeavoured to improve the vitality and quality of its team through the introduction of more internationalized, professional and high-caliber talents.
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group s Investor Relations Department has been dedicated to effective communication with Hong Kong and international investors through analysts briefings, roadshows, reception of routine visits by the investors as well as corporate website, so as to ensure that investors receive timely and accurate information about the latest developments of the Company, thus helping to enhance the transparency of the Company.

I believe that in light of China s passenger car ownership per capita and immense groups of urban and rural consumers, the domestic market is set to be blessed with long-term growth space. Meanwhile, China s autoparts makers will be increasingly involved in global competition and cooperation, thus securing more expansion opportunities.
At the same time, the diversification of demand will drive a sustained growth in the special purpose vehicle market. The Group s business model of a diverse variety of models will favour a steady source of business for the Group. The prospect of the after-sales market, welcabs and new energy vehicles will provide the Group with more diversified development opportunities.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their loyalty, diligence and hard work for the Group during the Year under Review. At the same time, I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their support and trust. With such assistance and support, the Group is confident of generating long-term and greater value for Shareholders.
CHIN JONG HWA 
22 March 2011 