CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of Minth Group Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ), I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2013 (the Review Year ).
During the Review Year, the production and sale of China s passenger vehicles reached a record high, which surpassed the market consensus at the beginning of the Review Year. The Group maintained steady growth amid various market changes.
During the Review Year, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB5,510,385,000, representing an increase of approximately 27.3% from approximately RMB4,329,906,000 in 2012. In particular, the Group s turnover that came from the overseas markets amounted to approximately RMB1,743,734,000, representing a growth of approximately 33.0% from approximately RMB1,310,813,000 in 2012. The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB971,338,000, representing an increase of approximately 15.5% from approximately RMB841,159,000 in 2012. The Group s gross profit was approximately RMB1,818,565,000, representing an increase of approximately 26.8% from approximately RMB1,434,039,000 in 2012. The Board has recommended a final dividend of HKD0.453 per Share to Shareholders for the Review Year. The payment of dividends shall be subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting expected to be held in 
OPERATIONS AND STRATEGIC 
The Group is on its way to becoming a global supplier. With the support of insightful global network and the increase in the investment in research and development ( R&D ) and logistics improvement, the Group could better meet the customers needs in global design and global platform vehicles.
The acquisition of CST GmbH during the Review Year further expanded the global footprint of the Group and met the customers local production requirements, which would help the Group acquire core technology and essential resources in Europe for it to seize business opportunities in the European markets.
Thanks to a diversified customer base, the Group carries out a balanced development between domestic and overseas markets and records decent growth in global platform vehicle orders, resulting in the stable improvement in both overseas turnover and 
The Group expects favorable growth prospects for the development of aluminum business in line with the trend of environmental protection, body weight reduction and new energy vehicles. During the Review Year, the Group achieved a breakthrough in the technological application of aluminum products and won recognition by its key customers, and will continue its efforts in the certification and application of the aluminum products. The Group obtained substantial new orders of aluminum products. It is expected that the future demand in aluminum products will grow rapidly and drive the revenue growth of the Group.

In response to the challenges arising from globalization and in order to maintain steady and sustainable growth, during the Review Year, the Group actively rolled out its core values and code of conduct and was dedicated to establishing a healthy corporate culture. The Group considers that such core values and corporate culture will be of help for the Group with proactive response to customers' demand and improvement of customer satisfaction, resulting in steady growth of the Group eventually through the building of a team with integrity and embracing 
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group thoroughly maintains and enhances its transparency.
Latest developments and financial reports of the Group are available to investors through its website http:www.minthgroup.com, or by directly contacting the Group s Investor Relations 
The Company maintains effective communications and good relationships with fund managers and analysts through meetings, conference calls, road shows, etc. Shareholders are encouraged to make enquiries to the Company s appropriate staff member through meetings, emails, or phone calls, etc. They are also invited to attend annual general meetings and voice any concerns or suggestions to the Directors.

The US withdrawal of quantitative easing has added uncertainty to the global economy especially the emerging market economies, while the urbanization in China, the upgrade of consumption structure and the mass demand of cars are expected to contribute to the sustainable development of China s vehicle market. We expect the growth momentum of China s automobile market to be more rational.
The Group is committed to building a team with global competitiveness, continuously improves its global concurrent design capability and enhances its global supply chain, meeting the various demands of the customers through developing new material markets and seeking partnership. The Group also pays close attention to the business development of aftermarket, electric vehicle parts and welfare vehicles in the long run.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their diligence, hard work and contributions to the Group during the Review Year, and I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their trust and 
CHIN JONG HWA 
18 March 2014 