CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors ( Directors ) of Minth Group Limited (the "Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) I hereby present to our shareholders (the Shareholders ) the annual report for the financial year ended 31 December 2011 (the Review Year ).
2011 was a year of the expected and unexpected laggards, of which the natural catastrophes such as the To 
in Japan and the flood in Thailand were unexpected while the industry growth slowdown and wage inflation were predicted to some extent. The Group, under all these unfavourable factors, reported a financial performance not that exciting as the previous 
During the Review Year, the Group s turnover was approximately RMB3,889,405,000, representing an increase of approximately 8.8% from approximately RMB3,575,594,000 in 2010. In particular, the Group s turnover that came from the overseas markets amounted to approximately RMB1,032,271,000, representing a growth of approximately 22.7% from approximately RMB841,380,000 in 2010. The profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB787,318,000, representing a decrease of approximately 2.9% from approximately RMB811,172,000 in 2010. The Group's gross profit was approximately RMB1,362,604,000, representing an increase of approximately 4.2% from approximately RMB1,307,438,000 in 
However, the management and I would rather take the 2011 slowdown as a chance for the Group to focus on the enhancement of its core competence.
OPERATION AND STRATEGIC 
During the Review Year, the Group continued its investment in research and development ( R&D ) and further deepened its strategy of globalization. Accordingly, new orders were awarded, the Group s capability of concurrent design was improved, its overseas footholds were reinforced and the valuable talents from different cultural background were bonded during the Review Year which would certainly help the Group with its overall growth in the long term.
Regarding the new businesses and new products, the Group followed its long time strategy, which is proactive and prudent.
During the Review Year, the Group made some forward-looking investment to lay ground for the future extension of its product line-ups and closely monitored the potential risks.
On 17 May 2011, the Group and Toyota Auto Body Co., Ltd.
( TAB ) entered into an agreement for the formation of Jiaxing TAB-MINTH Mobility Equipment Co., Ltd., a joint venture company which will be engaged in the welfare vehicle business.
On 28 September 2011, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement with Tokai Kogyo Co., Ltd. ( Tokai Kogyo ) to establish Wuhan Tokai Minth Automotive Parts Co., Ltd. ( Wuhan Tokai ) in Wuhan, a joint venture company which will be engaged in design, manufacture and sale of resin products, plastic injection products and key automobile parts.
On 7 March 2011, the Group as the purchaser, entered into a share purchase agreement with Korea Fuel-Tech Corporation ( KFTC ) and Mr. Chung Koo Lee for the acquisition of 45% equity interest in Beijing KFTC Co., Ltd. ( Beijing KFTC ). Due to the changes in the market which affect the Group s consideration on the long-term commercial interests, it ceased the acquisition of 45% equity interest in Beijing KFTC on 3 February 2012, but continued to keep the commercial relationship with KFTC.
After years of development, the Group now has a more complete network in China and broader presence in the other regions globally, a preferable position in the domestic market and growing importance in the overseas markets, very vertically integrated design and manufacturing chain and improved global response 
Based on the belief of the long-term growth of the passenger vehicle market in China and the spacious room in global markets, I would be glad to see the Group to insist on the approach heading towards the goal it has set forth all long.

With the view of globalization and for the goal to be an important player in the world market, the Group has to face the challenges arising from the cross-culture integration and the management efficiency. The Group restructured the control and cooperation model between its head offices and regional departments, arranged internal trainings and established a mutual learning 
INVESTOR RELATIONS AND 
The Group s Investor Relations Department has been dedicated to effective communication with Hong Kong and international investors through analysts briefings, roadshows, reception of routine visits by investors as well as maintaining corporate website, so as to ensure that investors receive timely and accurate information about the latest developments of the Company, thus helping to enhance the transparency of the Company.

China's passenger vehicle market is still at a growth phase, but the pressure coming from the wage inflation, RMB appreciation, potential price war among the car manufacturers, change of relevant policies in China market and the temporary volatility in the global economy may possibly impact the Group s margin.
It has been my belief that globalization would be an appropriate way to mitigate the pressure and could provide the Group with a spacious room, higher platform and more possibilities of future 
On the other hand, the Group, which has started to set foot in the aftermarket products, electric vehicle parts and welfare vehicle and equipment may benefit from the trend of vehicles with better quality, individualization and better energy efficiency becoming the main stream of the market demand.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to our management and employees for their loyalty, diligence and hard work for the Group during the Review Year. At the same time, I would also like to thank all Shareholders for their support and trust. With such assistance and support, the Group is confident of generating long-term and greater value for 
CHIN JONG HWA 
20 March 2012 