CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”), I would like to present the annual results of KuangChi Science Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the nine months period ended 31 December 2014 (“Period”).
2014 was a significant year for the Company. On 22 August 2014, the Company completed the subscription, appointed
new Directors to the Board and the name of the Company changed to KuangChi Science Limited. Upon completion of the
subscription, the Group has brought in Kuang-Chi Innovative Technology Limited (“Kuang-Chi”) as a strategic shareholder
who has extensive experience, strong expertise and a wide business network in the near space and other innovative technology
industry in the PRC. With the experience and expertise bringing in by the new management team, the Group established a new
business segment relating to the novel space services and other innovative technology industry (the “Novel Space Services
Segment”). On 22 August 2014, the Group has entered into the Outsourcing Technology Development Agreement (“OTDA”),
pursuant to which, the Group appointed Kuang-Chi as developer to research and develop a civil near space flying apparatus,
namely the Traveller. Relevant technologies and materials of the Traveller have been delivered to the Group by 31 December
2014. We are planning to launch the Traveller in New Zealand by the first half year of 2015.
Since September 2014, the Group has been actively preparing and initiating the commercialisation of the Novel Space Services
Segment. On 29 September 2014, the Company completed a further subscription of shares by other subscribers. The net
proceeds received in respect of this subscription were approximately HK$1,561 million for use of further expansion of and
research and development expenses for the Novel Space Services Segment of the Group. During the Period, the Group has
entered into certain cooperation agreements with various corporates and organisations including, but not limited to, certain
governmental organisations of the PRC, of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and of New Zealand, Pengxin International
Mining Company Limited which is a listed company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, other aerospace institutes, aviation
services providers, logistic companies and bankers, etc. We believe that the establishment of the business relationships with
the above parties represented great opportunities to demonstrate the technical feasibility and competence of the Group and to
commercialize the Novel Space Services Segment to broaden the revenue base of the Group.
On 19 December 2014, the Company has entered into an investment agreement with Martin Aircraft Company Limited
(“MACL”) to subscribe in aggregate 52% of its enlarged issued share capital by stage. We are very excited that MACL has
finally listed on the Australia Stock Exchange on 24 February 2015 and we have become the largest shareholder of MACL. The
Group and MACL both share the common vision as to develop disruptive technologies to benefit human beings and the world.
We believed the cooperation between the Group and MACL would bring unprecedented novel space services to the world.
Through the investment in MACL, the Group can share the advance technologies to MACL, as well as, the Group can also
benefit from the aviation and flying technology from MACL for the development of our flying apparatus for different altitudes.
Furthermore, the Group can also establish a new research and development centre in Australia and New Zealand region and also
to facilitate and support the launch of the Traveller in New Zealand by the first half year of 2015.
On 22 December 2014, the Group has officially opened the Shenzhen Apollo Base. Subsequently in February 2015, the Cloud,
a flying platform providing integrated services including WiFi communication, ground monitoring, collection of maritime bigdata
and analysis, was successfully launched in the Shenzhen Apollo Base. The Cloud covered an area of approximately 8,000
square kilometres and the maritime surveillance equipment collected real-time maritime information within the peripheral area
of more than 200 kilometres from Shenzhen for 2,103 vessels on water sailing from 28 countries. Compared to the traditional
platform, the water area under the surveillance of the Cloud is enlarged by 9 times. The Group will speed up the optimisation
and commissioning of the Cloud space technology and eventually accelerate its future business development.
Looking forward, the Group will further put forward the progress of our disruptive innovations, marketing activities and global
acquisitions, so as to set up its strategic position in the innovative industry and global markets.
I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to all the shareholders, customers, business partners and
my fellow directors, management team and staff to the Group for their support and contributions to the Group throughout the
year.
Dr. Liu Ruopeng
Chairman
Hong Kong, 26 March 2015