CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”), I hereby present the annual results of KuangChi Science Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
2015 was a critical year for the Company as it successfully leaped into achieving substantive progress. In our in-depth space
business, the completion of research and development, test launch, commercial testing, sales and delivery of our disruptive
products signifies the business has fully moved forward towards commercialisation. The Group achieved a turnaround from
loss. Revenue was HK$354 million, representing an increase of 345% from that of last year. The Group also generated profit
before tax of HK$9,777,000, compared to the loss before tax recorded last year. I am truly proud of all members of the Group.
Leveraging on our innovative technologies and strong capability in research and development, we have launched a series of
in-depth space products for different altitudes. They include the “Cloud”, a high-altitude aerial platform for smart cities; the
“Traveller”, the first civil near space flying apparatus in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”); the “manned version
of the Traveller”, a flying apparatus for space tourism; the “KuangChi Martin Jetpack”, the first personal flying vehicle in the
world; the “Solar Ship”, a solar-powered platform for low-altitude transportation; and the “U-1”, a flying apparatus levitated
in space. “In-depth space” means levitating everything from the ground to reconstruct the world in a multi-dimensional space,
in an attempt to continually expand the living space for human beings. With the existing space, we have intensified our efforts
in in-depth developments and devised our plan to tap further into and integrate with various industries and sectors, such as indepth
space + smart city, in-depth space + surveillance, in-depth space + logistics, in-depth space + certification, and in-depth
space + transport and tourism. I deeply believe that our disruptive innovative products will be widely used throughout the world
along with their accelerating commercialisation.
Moreover, we have made significant breakthroughs in a number of product technologies and we have put our KuangChi
technologies into mass production from zero. As innovation is what we embrace, we have set up several KuangChi innovation
platforms including the first PRC national key laboratory specialising in metamaterials, the National Technical Committee on
Electromagnetic Metamaterial Technology and Product Standardisation, and the KuangChi Postdoctoral Workstation. Since
2011, KuangChi Research Institute has implemented its patent strategy. To date, we together with our parent group have a pool
of nearly 3,000 KuangChi patents awarded for our innovative technologies that are characterised by metamaterial technology.
We engage high-calibre elites. We foster every KuangChi member to become an innovator and a dreamer. We encourage our
KuangChi venture team to pursue their passion and dream of innovation, so as to motivate our KuangChi members to step
forward and spare no effort to research and development and innovation.
Human resources is fundamental to innovation and we are changing the innovation of the world
After the evolution over more than one million years, we, as humans, now possess a more complicated brain and improved
thinking skills. And we keep evolving physically through intellectual endeavours. We adapt our livings under varying
temperatures and environments with clothing, air-conditioning and constructions; we ride on vehicles, trains, airplanes and
ships to spur across the ground, the sky and the ocean; we have become the legendary “Thousand Mile Eye” and “Distant
Hearing” with our mobile phones, hand-held smart devices and laptops; and we manage to have superb brain functions and
obtain unlimited knowledge through computers, internet and cloud platforms. What we presently enjoy are the fruitful results
achieved by our ancestors. The inventions and creations of our predecessors empower people to become a group that no specie
can rival. Thus, we are in strong confidence that our inventions and creations will also lead to the next boom and bring the next
generation for all mankind.
Nobody can change the past but anybody can plan for the future. We see a better future ahead with our profound expertise
in technology innovation. It is the forecast of KuangChi that in-depth space, spiritual machines and ultimate connection will
become the three elements of the matrix. This is what we plan for the future. This is the bright future we bring to everyone
through innovation with our wisdom and forces. We are the future planner and dream maker!
Creating “KuangChi Community of Global Innovation” to bring future to the present
We live in a great era when knowledge is highly integrated; disruptive innovation booms; people has the ability to change
through technology innovation for a better future; and it is driven by internet big data intelligence. In this great era, we have
teamed up with the most visionary and knowledgeable innovators in the world, to establish a disruptive innovative ecosystem,
namely the “KuangChi Community of Global Innovation”. Currently, the community of global innovation has extended its
coverage across the world and it strives to develop as a new organisation that initiates revolutionary breakthroughs, and plays
a role of an innovation community that plans, realises and shares the future. We seek to achieve revolutionary breakthroughs
under the approach of open and collaborative innovation. We inspire and support innovators to realise their common dreams
with our enthusiasm in the pursuit of “one world, one family”. We identify and nurture heroic innovators who are competent to
become the “world pioneers”.
We are in the progress of unprecedented exploration and we are experiencing meaningful time. Our team of innovators is
diligently committed to “change the world through innovation” and paying continuous efforts to bring future to the present!
Dr. Liu Ruopeng
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31 March 2016