Chairman’s Statement
2001 was a challenging year for the financial services industry, and
for Hong Kong in general. Deflation persisted throughout the
year, and economic conditions remained weak. Unemployment
continued to rise, with an unemployment rate of 6.1% for the year, and
per capita GDP fell by 1.2%. A series of interest rate cuts during the year,
to historically low levels, had not revived the economy by
the year end.
In these generally difficult circumstances, Dah Sing
performed well in 2001. Operating profit was HK$875.5
million, and earnings per share rose 7.0% from HK$3.29 to
HK$3.52, and the dividend payment for the year increased
by 3.7% to HK$1.12.
Despite the difficult conditions prevailing in the market, Dah Sing is
committed to its goals. Our primary goal is to improve shareholder value,
through teamwork amongst our staff and a high quality service to our
customers. Our strategy to achieve this goal is by concentrating on our
core businesses of banking and insurance. It is our objective to grow and
deepen the relationship with our customers through constant innovation
and a dedication to the provision of high quality customer service, and
the creation and maintenance of a service culture within our organisation.
We believe strongly in building a balanced business with a wide product
range capable of generating sustained growth. Risk management is an
important part of this growth process and a culture of prudent risk
management is important for us as a group. Dah Sing is also committed
to continue contributing to the Hong Kong community.
On the broader economic front, China’s accession to the WTO and
Beijing’s successful bid to host the 2008 Olympic Games will, we believe,
be of benefit to Hong Kong in the years to come.
Dah Sing Bank, Limited
Dah Sing Bank, Limited (“DSB”), the major operating subsidiary of the
Group, achieved improved results, with an increase in profit on ordinary
activities of 19.6%, to HK$1.022 billion.
Dah Sing Bank, Limited (Continued)
We continued to focus throughout the year on our core banking and
treasury operations. We made progress during 2001, through increased
receivable balances in credit cards and personal loans, as well as strong
growth in fee income. We now have a 5% market share in the credit card
business, and more than 600,000 customers in our personal banking
business.
Increases in efficiency are also an important part of our strategy, and we
will manage our business in a cost effective manner in this deflationary
environment.
Loan growth was slow in Hong Kong in 2001, and is not expected to
recover dramatically in the first half of 2002. We had a good year in
treasury in 2001, and expect to see a further contribution to our business
this year. As we have become more active in our treasury business, we
have also taken steps to improve and strengthen our risk management
function.
Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited
Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited (“DSLA”), our wholly owned
life assurance company, had a good year, with an increase in net profit
generated from the long-term life assurance business of 4.0% to HK$90
million. This higher contribution was mainly achieved by improved sales
and higher embedded value. Investment performance was flat, with a
strong bond investment return more than offset by the lower equity
investment performance caused by the poor global equity market in
2001.
As well as the increase in net profit, DSLA also generated strong new
business growth in 2001. Whilst part of this growth was generated
through its traditional agency force, the strongest driver of growth has
been in sales through our bank branches.
We will continue to devote effort to the expansion of this business in
2002, both through continued efforts in conjunction with DSB, and
through the life company’s own agency force.
We also plan to increase our range of life and general insurance products,
with investment-linked products coming on-stream in the second half of
2002.
MEVAS Bank Limited
In April 2001, we launched the active business of MEVAS Bank Limited
(“MEVAS”). MEVAS is a separate banking subsidiary of the Group, with
its own branding and value proposition. It is a pure consumer banking
business, targeting the retail and middle income sectors and adopts
multiple distribution channels including a 24-hour call centre, the Internet
and other automated channels, and a network of physical outlets.
MEVAS began its operations with an initiative to attract deposits, and
continued the year with further campaigns on credit card and other
personal banking products. By the end of the year these initiatives had
been successful in attracting more than 20,000 customers to MEVAS.
Board of Directors
Mr. Yoshiaki Kawamata succeeded Mr. Kimisuke Fujimoto on 10th May
2001 as a non-executive Director to represent the interests of The Sanwa
Bank, Limited. Mr. Gary Wang was appointed an executive Director of the
Group on 8th August 2001.
Mr. Ronald Carstairs was appointed non-executive Vice Chairman of the
Group on 1st January 2002. Mr. Carstairs served as Managing Director of
the Group for ten years, and has been a major force in building the
Group into the organisation it is today. On behalf of the Board, and all of
my colleagues, I would like to express our deepest gratitude to
Mr. Carstairs for his great efforts and contributions to the Group.
Board of Directors (Continued)
Mr. Derek Wong was appointed Managing Director of the Group
succeeding Mr. Carstairs, and Dr. Dennis Tai-Lun Sun was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director on 1st January 2002.
Mr. Mahito Kageyama succeeded Mr. Yoshiaki Kawamata on 5th March
2002 as a non-executive Director to represent the interests of UFJ Bank
Limited. UFJ Bank Limited was formed following the merger of The
Sanwa Bank, Limited and The Tokai Bank, Limited.
I would like to welcome Messrs. Wang, Sun and Kageyama to the Board
and I would like to express my gratitude to Messrs. Fujimoto and
Kawamata for their valuable contribution in the past.
Future Prospects
2002 promises to be another very challenging year, both for Hong Kong
and for the Dah Sing group. However we are cautiously optimistic on the
outlook for the second half of the year, and wholly committed to our
focus on generating value for our shareholders. Our strategy is clearly
defined, and will, we believe, bring benefits to shareholders in the years
to come.
China’s WTO accession, and the forthcoming Olympic Games in Beijing in
2008 are both positive developments for the future.
We believe that the recent high-level discussions between the Mainland
of China and Hong Kong to forge a Closer Economic Partnership
Arrangement (CEPA) will be beneficial to both parties.
David Shou-Yeh Wong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 5th March 2002