CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT A recent photo of Mr. David Wong, Chairman of the Group In 2012, Asia remained the most dynamic region in the world. We benefitted both from our location in Asia, as well as from a strict focus on our core businesses to deliver record results for the year.
We made significant progress in our core businesses in 2012, and after 25 years as a listed company, we look forward to further growth in our banking and insurance businesses, broadly in line with the strategy developed by the current management team in 2011 and adopted by the Board.

DSBG reported a strong performance in 2012, with a record profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,411 million for the year. Loan growth, including trade bills, was just under 10%, funded mainly by an increase in customer deposits and certificates of deposit. All major operating income items reported growth. Net interest income grew both due to higher volumes of interest earning assets, and due to a higher net interest margin during the year. We made significant progress during the year in improving our non-interest income, driven largely by improvements in wealth management and bancassurance revenues, treasury, securities services and general banking 
Although headline operating expenses grew by around 20%, it should be noted that a major portion of the year on year increase relates to the effect of the write back of certain provisions relating to settlement of Lehman Minibond cases in 2011, which were not repeated in 2012.
Eliminating the impact of these operating expense provisions, normalized operating expenses grew by a high single digit 
Loan impairment losses and other credit provisions fell, indicating the benign credit quality of our loan book and the generally robust financial positions of our customers during the period.
Bank of Chongqing continued to perform very well with a contribution of HK$491 million for the year, an increase of 39% over the prior year.

Our insurance business reported a reduction in net insurance premium and other income, due mainly to changes in rates, whilst gross premium income was slightly higher than 2011. New business volume was at a similar level to 2011 following efforts to move from lower value shorter-dated products to higher value longer-term products, which we believe will be in the longer term interests of the Company. A strong investment performance for the year helped to offset higher expenses and an increased transfer to reserves driven by interest rate movements during the year. We saw an encouraging performance from our bancassurance business, demonstrating the strength of our customer relationships in the bank channels. We are also pleased that further growth and stronger profitability were achieved in 2012 in our general insurance business.
CAPITAL AND REGULATION Our capital position remained strong, with the overall capital adequacy ratio of our Banking Group at 14.9%, and our core equity tier 1 at 10.3%. Based on the capital rules including the transition arrangement consistent with the Basel III capital standards prescribed by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, we are confident that we will be able to operate at capital levels in 2013 meeting the HKMA and the new Basel III capital rules that have come into effect from 1 January 
On 1 April 2012, Mr. Akimitsu Ashida, Chairman of Mitsui O.S.K.
Lines, Ltd., resigned as a Non-Executive Director with Mr. Shugo Aoto ceasing to act as his alternate; and Mr. Nicholas Robert Sallnow- Smith resigned as an Independent Non-Executive Director and member of applicable board-level committees, and Chairman of the Risk Management and Compliance Committee of the Group s banking and insurance businesses. On the same date, Mr. Lon Dounn was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company.
On 1 June 2012, Mr. Seiji Nakamura, previously a member of the Policy Board of the Bank of Japan, was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company; and Mr. Roderick Stuart Anderson retired from his office as an Executive Director of the 
The Board of Directors of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (from L to R) Mr. Nicholas Mayhew, Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. John Chow, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Seiji Nakamura, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Lon Dounn, Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi, Dr. Tai-Lun Sun, Dr. Yuan Shu, Mr. Gary Wang and Mr. Takashi Morimura ( not in photo) A gathering of the Board members of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited : Front row (from L to R) Mr. Seng-Lee Chan, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi, Mr. Andrew Leung, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Seiji Nakamura, Mr. Harold Wong, Mr. Lon Dounn, Dr. Tai-Lun Sun Back row (from L to R) Mr. Nicholas Mayhew, Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. Kazutake Kobayashi, Dr. Yuan Shu, Mr. John Chow, Mr. Yuen-Tin Ng, Mr. Gary Wang 
On 8 August 2012, Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi of The Bank of Tokyo- Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company, succeeding Mr. Hidemitsu Otsuka and Mr. Takami Onodera was confirmed, in place of Mr. Takashi Morisaki, to act as an Alternate Director of Mr. Takashi Morimura.
On 4 December 2012, Dr. Yuan Shu was appointed as an Independent Non-executive Director and a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company. Dr. Shu is an academic who holds a number of positions including Dean and Professor of Economics of the International Business School of Sun Yat-Sen University, Vice Chairman of the Board of Trustees of Lingnan (University) College of Sun Yat-Sen University of Guangzhou, China, and the Chairman of the Board of Zhongda Venture Capital Limited.

The Board extends a warm welcome to Mr. Dounn, Mr. Nakamura, Mr. Horikoshi and Dr. Shu in joining the Board, and expresses its appreciation to Mr. Ashida, Mr. Sallnow-Smith, and Mr. Otsuka for their contributions, and in particular to Mr. Anderson for his long service and contributions to the Board s deliberations and the Company s development during his tenure of service with the Company, and conveys its best wishes to him for his retirement.

Whilst global growth remains somewhat below trend at present, we are fortunate to be located in Asia, the most dynamic region in the world. Mainland China s economy has experienced a soft landing , and with Mr. Xi Jinping as the new President and Mr. Li Keqiang as the new Premier in 2013, we are much encouraged by the new policy measures of China to further promote urbanization, sustainable economic development, tackling pollution and improving people s quality of life, and we are hopeful that stability and growth will continue for the foreseeable future.
New leaders in Japan and Korea were also elected in late 2012 and early 2013, and more stimulative monetary and economic policies are being pursued. In particular, the resolve by the new Japanese leaders to adopt new policy measures to stimulate economic growth and implement actions to help defuse deflationary expectations have already caused a marked weakening in the Japanese Yen, which will likely bring about significant impact to the Japanese economy in the near to medium term, and also new challenges to the global and regional economies. Similarly, the Korean Won has weakened in 2013. These, together with the internationalization and gradual strengthening of the RMB, will bring both challenges and opportunities to Asia in general, and to our business.
Quantitative easing implemented principally in the US had helped stabilize economic performance in the recent past. Concerns going forward include the challenges that would be caused by the withdrawal of the quantitative easing measures, as the developed economies gradually recover, in addition to the challenges brought about by the on-going low interest rate environment, new regulations, and the increase in compliance and risk management costs.
FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) Prospects in the Pearl River Delta and Macau remain good in the long term, and we look forward to solidifying the foundations that we have built. Whilst in Hong Kong, economic growth this year is forecast to remain modest in the range of 1.5-3.5%, we believe that the underlying conditions are stable, and with low unemployment, will provide opportunities for growth in the years to come.
We are therefore cautiously optimistic about the economies in which we operate for the coming year. Nevertheless, we remain vigilant as to any risks arising, particularly in terms of any sustained rise in bad debts in the Mainland market, and market volatility that could affect the investment return of our insurance business. Local liquidity conditions remain good, and we do not see any major signs of stress at present in Hong Kong or Macau. We continue to implement the medium term strategy for our banking businesses, with a focus on core customers, deposit cost management, service quality, wealth management and bancassurance, and the development of our Mainland China and cross-border businesses, in addition to our core Hong Kong hub.
Although internationally, Basel III remains challenging for many banks, we believe that the Hong Kong banking market, including ourselves, is well prepared for the changes to the capital regime introduced with effect from 1 January 2013, and that this should not present major issues. Indeed, internationally, we feel that Asia is the area which will most readily be able to accommodate the increased capital requirements, bearing in mind the relatively high levels of capital held by banks in the region.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 20 March 2013 