Chairman s Statement Economic conditions in Hong Kong continued to strengthen during the year, with a robust GDP growth of 6.8% in 2006, marking the third consecutive year of recovery. The labour market continued to improve, with the unemployment rate falling to a 6-year low of 4.4% by the end of 2006. The property market was steady during the course of the year, and the Hang Seng Index rising considerably towards the year end. During the year, consumer price inflation remained benign, with only mild inflationary pressure being 
The economies of both the Mainland and Macau, our other core areas of business, also performed extremely well during the year, with GDP growth of approximately 11% for the Mainland, and of 16% 
Against the background of good economic growth, we were able to grow our business organically at a strong pace in 2006. For the year, our operating profit after loan impairment grew by 44% to HK$1.6 billion, our profit attributable to shareholders grew by 37% to HK$1.4 billion, our normalised EPS grew by 18% from HK$4.09 to HK$4.83, and our total assets grew by 17% from HK$93 billion to HK$109 billion. These are record results for our group, and form a solid foundation for the years to come.
We continued to further our Mainland strategy, with the announcement towards the year end that we had agreed to acquire, subject to regulatory approvals, a 17% shareholding in Chongqing Commercial 
In February 2006, we placed a further 3.6% of the shares in Dah Sing Banking Group ( DSBG ) in order to restore the public float of DSBG to above the 25% level, raising approximately HK$506 million for DSFH, and generating a profit on disposal of HK$189 million. In addition, we purchased the 49% shareholding in our general insurance business in Hong Kong from Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group to wholly own this business and to further our development in the 
Our separately listed banking subsidiary, DSBG, reported an increase in profits for the year, with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,196 million, an increase of 22.2% compared with the previous 
Our core banking business performed strongly, with total loan growth for the year of 11%, against growth in the Hong Kong market of 6.7%.
Commercial banking led growth in the first half of the year, continuing several years of strong growth, with a relatively weaker performance from our retail banking business. In the second half of the year, renewed efforts in the Hong Kong domestic mortgage market, coupled with continuing growth in the unsecured loan and credit card businesses resulted in an improved performance from retail banking, and by the year end, both our core commercial and retail banking businesses reported growth significantly ahead of the market.
Our fee income business performed well during the year, particularly as a result of strong equity markets which were beneficial to our wealth 
The integration of the two acquisitions made in 2005, Banco Comercial de Macau, S.A. ( BCM ) and Pacific Finance (Hong Kong) Limited ( PF ) have now been completed. BCM s net profit grew very substantially by 30% to MOP117 million in 2006, and this acquisition is now delivering earnings enhancement to our group. The business of PF has now been fully incorporated into Dah Sing Bank, and PF therefore no longer reports its results separately from those of Dah Sing Bank. However, on a business unit basis, the former PF businesses generated a return of 10.7% on the acquisition cost, net of dividends received, which is earnings enhancing for our group.
Credit quality overall remained good, with impairment charges rising slightly, due mainly to higher individual loan impairment charges relating mainly to our commercial banking business and to loan increases in credit cards and unsecured personal loans which broadly balanced a lower collective impairment charge rate due to improved credit 
We continued to build our China business, and towards the end of the year we announced that we had agreed to purchase, subject to regulatory approvals, a 17% stake in Chongqing Commercial Bank, the leading city commercial bank in Chongqing, the largest city in Western China, and one of only four municipalities in the PRC reporting directly to the central government, the others being Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin. We also noted the changes announced by the China Banking Regulatory Commission towards the year end allowing for the incorporation of a local subsidiary in the PRC to conduct banking business, and established a working group to analyse the benefits of expanding under a PRC subsidiary.

Our insurance businesses in Hong Kong and Macau together delivered record results for the year, with a contribution to the Group s profit before taxation of HK$273 million, an increase of 28% over the previous year. The total shareholders funds and embedded value of our insurance business in the Group s accounts amounted to around HK$1.98 billion at the end of the year, 21% higher than the balance at the end of 2005.
Our insurance business performed strongly, both in life assurance and in general insurance. The life business, operating mainly through our wholly owned life assurance subsidiary, Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited ( DSLA ) in Hong Kong, benefited from premium growth, including a return to sales of single premium products and the successful introduction of direct sales through telemarketing, to supplement the traditional whole of life and endowment products, as well as benefiting from the strong investment markets during the year.
Our general insurance business performed well, and we maintained both our leading market position in Macau, as well as our A rating from AM Best. We announced in December that we had agreed to purchase the 49% interest in Dah Sing General Insurance Company Limited that we did not already own, bringing all of our Hong Kong insurance businesses to 100% ownership and reflecting our Group s commitment to this sector of our business.
In the Mainland, our minority investment, Great Wall Life Insurance Company, continued to roll out its business expansion plan. Also during the year, we opened the Mainland representative office for DSLA 
Board of Directors During the year up to the date of this report, Messrs. Tatsuo Tanaka, succeeding Sohei Sasaki and Eiichi Yoshikawa, succeeding Kosuke Furukawa, were appointed as non-executive Directors to represent the interest of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. in the Company.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the 
After a robust economic performance in Hong Kong in 2006, we are looking forward to the continuation of relatively stable and positive economic conditions in 2007. However, loan growth in the domestic banking market in Hong Kong is likely to remain relatively slow and price competition in core lending areas is expected to remain intense.
Margins will be influenced by prevailing interest rate conditions, which although still benign at present could have some risk to the downside, particularly as we have already seen some reduction in the Prime Hibor spread in the early part of 2007.
We are devoting additional resources to grow our life business, particularly in Hong Kong where we are expanding our agency force and making additional efforts to improve bancassurance productivity, and expect good growth in sales in this business in 2007.
The market in Macau continues to be robust, and we expect that in 2007, the rate of growth in Macau will be faster than in Hong Kong.
Several large hotel, gaming and property projects are scheduled to come on stream during the course of 2007, which will increase capacity in the gaming and tourism industries, two key economic sectors in Macau.
We expect to complete our acquisition of 17% interest of Chongqing Commercial Bank during the first half of 2007, and we also expect to determine our organic strategy for growth in the Mainland market, and our plans for the establishment of a locally incorporated banking subsidiary in the Mainland.
Dah Sing Bank will be celebrating its 60th anniversary on 1 May 2007, an important milestone of the Group s development. We intend to continue to leverage on our resources and the foundation we have built over the years to expand in the region, to provide better services and products to our customers, and to generate long-term value for 
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2007 