CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2013, global economic development was mixed. The US economy continued to show signs of gradual improvement and the Federal Reserve commenced tapering of its QE programme, which give rise to some market volatility, whilst Europe was broadly stable. Mainland China economic growth slowed, and conditions in Hong Kong and Macau remained stable.
Against this backdrop, we are pleased to report record profits for our banking business. Over the past few years, we have embarked on a new strategy for our banking business, with an objective of profitable growth for the long term interests of our shareholders. So far this strategy has been successful and has been delivering stronger 
To better position our banking business to capture growth opportunities in the coming years and to strengthen our capital levels, we have announced rights issues for both Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited ( DSFH ) and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited ( DSBG ), which are intended to strengthen the capital base of Dah Sing Bank.
Mr. David S.Y. Wong, Chairman of Dah Sing Financial Group (front row 5th from left), the management team and the other guests presented the Trophy to the owner, jockey and trainer of the winning horse Wayfoong Express after the DSFH 25th Listing Anniversary Cup race.

In 2013, DSBG reported its highest ever core profit, with profit attributable to shareholders increasing by 18.6% year on year to HK$1,756 million, mainly the result of a very strong increase, at 29%, in operating income, with the strong growth in all core revenue lines.
It is extremely encouraging to see that the operating profit after impairment losses of DSBG increased by 45% during the year, and its ROE improved from 10.3% to 10.8%.
Joining in the DHLSCMP Hong Kong Business Awards 2013 presentation are (from left to right) Mr. Arthur Yuen, Deputy Chief Executive of Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Mr. Harold Wong, Managing Director and Chief Executive of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited Group General Manager of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited and recipient of the Executive Award and Mr. David S. Y. Wong, Chairman of Dah Sing Financial Group.

Our insurance business reported an increase in gross premium income of 8.5% and a 7.2% increase in net insurance premium and other income. While new business volumes were higher than the prior year, the returns from the insurance investment portfolio were mixed, due primarily to the relatively steep increase in long term interest rates during the year causing a fair value loss in the bond portfolio. The overall net profit of our insurance business, including the increase in the value of the in-force long term life business, was 29% lower than 2012.
CAPITAL AND REGULATION Whilst our current levels of capital are above regulatory requirements, a stronger capital base will better position us to capture the various growth opportunities present in the market. Also, under the new Basel III regime, regulatory capital requirements both in Hong Kong and globally are likely to continue to rise in the next few years, as the requirements are fully phased in. For these reasons, we believe it is beneficial to shareholders in the long term to strengthen our capital base and we therefore announced rights issues for both DSFH and DSBG. DSFH will raise approximately HK$0.9 billion to enable it to subscribe for its rights in full in DSBG s rights issue which will raise approximately HK$1.2 billion. We believe that it is beneficial to shareholders in the long term to strengthen the capital base now. The new equity capital raising exercise is designed to be sufficient for sustainable growth in the coming years.

On 1 June 2013, Dr. Tai-Lun Sun (Dennis Sun) resigned as an Independent Non-Executive Director. Following his resignation, Dr. Sun also ceased to act as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company. On the same date, Mr.
John Wai-Wai Chow resigned as a member of the Audit Committee of the Company and Mr. Blair Chilton Pickerell was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company. Mr. Pickerell is currently the Chairman, Asia of Nikko Asset Management Company, a court member of The University of Hong Kong, a vice patron of The Community Chest of Hong Kong, and also a director of Harvard Business School Association of Hong Kong.
On 25 June 2013, Mr. Takami Onodera ceased to act as an Alternate Director of Mr. Takashi Morimura.
On 14 August 2013, Mr. Muneo Kurauchi of The Bank of Tokyo- Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. was appointed as an Alternate Director of Mr.

The Board expresses its appreciation to Dr. Sun and Mr. Onodera for their valuable effort and contributions to the Board during their tenure of service with the Company, and in particular to Mr. Chow for his effort and time spent in attending to the affairs of the Audit Committee of the Company in the past and extends a warm welcome to Mr.
Pickerell and Mr. Kurauchi in joining the Board.

The global outlook for 2014 is somewhat uncertain. Whilst the US continues to forecast growth in GDP, economic growth in Europe remains slow. Emerging markets are also facing some pressure.
The PRC economy continues to maintain higher growth rates relative to overall global growth, but at a somewhat slower pace than its past trajectory. In the early part of the year, we have already seen uncertainty caused by the beginning of the tapering of asset purchases by the US Federal Reserve, volatility in emerging markets, instability in Ukraine, and an unexpected reversal in the appreciation of the value of the RMB.
All of these uncertainties remind us to take a cautious approach to growth and capital in the year ahead. As well as market and credit risk, we are also mindful of the possible effect on liquidity of the US tapering in our local markets, and therefore continue to build our deposit base and maintain an adequate liquidity ratio and cash and liquid asset reserves.
Prospects in the Pearl River Delta and Macau remain good in the long term, and we look forward to solidifying the foundations that we have built in the region. Closer economic integration in the Greater China region and Hong Kong s position as a primary centre for offshore Renminbi financial services will open up new avenues for business.
Domestically in Hong Kong and Macau, whilst current trends in volume growth are slower than in PRC and PRC related businesses, credit quality remains sound. Bank of Chongqing continues to perform well, and we note the outlook for stronger growth in the Western part of the PRC, compared with the country as a whole.
In a rapidly changing economic and regulatory environment, our strategic priorities are designed to provide quality products and services to our customers and drive the sustainable growth of our businesses. We continue to see opportunities for growth in all of our core markets and core businesses. Given the unclear global outlook, we will pursue those opportunities and growth in a cautious manner and with proper attention to risk. Upholding high corporate governance and risk management standards remains central to our corporate culture and is an important part of shaping our business for 
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2014 