Chairman s Statement I am pleased to report that, despite the very difficult operating conditions in the first half of 2003, the Group achieved a record level of profit for the year.
Operating profit for 2003 after provisions increased by 15.8% to HK$1,023 million, and profit attributable to shareholders increased by 16.5% to HK$993 million. Earnings per share increased from HK$3.46 to HK$4.02, and the dividend per share increased from HK$1.12 to HK$1.33. Of particular note was the contribution from our insurance business which produced record results for the year with excellent sales figures and a strong investment performance.
2003 was a year of two halves. In the first six months, Hong Kong was affected by the outbreak of SARS, continuing deflation and poor sentiment reflecting the generally weak market. These difficult conditions adversely affected both our banking and insurance businesses. In the second half of the year business conditions and sentiment recovered. The banking industry in Hong Kong, along with other Hong Kong based manufacturing and service industries, benefited from the announcement of the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement ( CEPA ) and the local economy was boosted by the significant increase in Mainland tourists after the relaxation of individual travel restrictions. Hong Kong GDP rebounded rapidly, driven by declining unemployment, easing deflation, rising property and stock prices, and steady increases in domestic consumption, particularly in the retail sector.
The Hang Seng Index closed at 12,575 on 31st December, 2003, up from 9,577 on 30th June, 2003, an increase of 31%.
The strong inflow of capital in the second half of the year arising from a stronger sentiment towards the Hong Kong economy and market speculation of a possible revaluation of the Renminbi exerted upward pressure on the local pegged exchange rate, resulting in very low short-term interest rates and a high level of HK$ interbank liquidity. These factors, together with the announcement in November, 2003, of the introduction of Renminbi banking services for customers in Hong Kong (launched in February 2004) resulted in a more positive operating environment for the financial services industry.
We believe that CEPA and the Renminbi banking services to which I have referred are very encouraging developments for the banking sector in Hong Kong. Under CEPA, the minimum total asset requirement for Hong Kong banks to operate in the Mainland has been lowered from US$20 billion to US$6 billion, at which level Dah Sing Bank, Limited immediately qualifies. We have already submitted an application to China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ), established in April 2003, for a license for our first branch in Shenzhen, and we have started our Renminbi bank note exchange and deposit taking business in Hong Kong.
These developments will help us to expand into the Pearl River Delta region and to increase our customer base.
Dah Sing Bank, Limited Dah Sing Bank, Limited recorded an increase in operating profit, after provisions, of 5.5% to HK$886 million, and an increase in profit attributable to shareholders of 7.5% to HK$868 million. Personal banking, commercial banking and treasury all reported improved performances.
Loan demand picked up in the second half of the year. Total loans and advances ended the year at HK$27.4 billion, which was 0.9% below 2002 but 5.4% higher than June 2003. The growth in the loan book in the second half of the year was the result of increased mortgage lending as well as a resilient performance from our commercial banking business. Whilst credit quality improved substantially in the second half of the year, notably in the credit card and personal loan businesses, resulting in a significant reduction in the charge for bad and doubtful debts, loan demand in these areas remained weak.
Our wealth management business continued to grow rapidly as customers looked for alternatives to the low interest rates available in the market for deposits.
Sales of unit trusts, mutual funds and other wealth management products recorded strong growth in the year.
Cost control remained extremely important and the rationalization of certain support functions enabled us to achieve a lower cost base, with operating expenses down by 8%.
MEVAS Bank Limited MEVAS Bank Limited ( MEVAS ) continued to focus on the personal banking sector and made further progress, reporting a net profit of HK$1.5 million for the year. This is the first time that MEVAS has reported a profit since starting operation in April 2001. The improvement in its profitability resulted from higher revenue and significantly lower operating expenses achieved by the integration in early 2003 of all of MEVAS support functions with those of Dah Sing Bank, Limited through an outsourcing arrangement.
Dah Sing Insurance Business Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited ( Dah Sing Life ) delivered an excellent performance for the year with a contribution to Group earnings of HK$95.6 million from its long-term business, an increase of 20.3% over the previous year. This represents a record result for Dah Sing Life, and is particularly encouraging after a very difficult first half of the year.
Dah Sing Life introduced a range of new products during the year, particularly shorter-dated endowment policies which appealed to customers as savings products. Despite the weaker sales in the first half year, excellent overall new business growth of 63% for the year was achieved. Investment performance was also good, due to a solid bond performance and a stronger equity market.
Our 51% owned general insurance subsidiary, Dah Sing General Insurance Company, a joint venture with Aviva (formerly CGNU) achieved a higher level of profit in 2003 on the back of a better operating performance and stronger 
We believe that our strategy of operating both an agency force and a bancassurance model for distributing our insurance products is an important factor in the success of our insurance business and with the improving Hong Kong economy, we intend to devote resources to further expand upon this 
Board of Directors On 15th January 2003, Mr. Malcolm Millington (with Mr. Graham S. Long as alternate) resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company.
On 4th March 2003, Mr. Ryosuke Tamakoshi (with Mr. Masateru Nakamura as alternate up to 18th June 2003 and Mr. Takeshi Ogasawara as alternate effective from 25th June 2003), succeeding Mr. Mahito Kageyama (with Mr.
Masateru Nakamura as alternate), was appointed as a non-executive Director.
On 27th February 2004, Mr. Yoshiki Kaneko was confirmed as an alternate Director to Mr. Toru Mitarai.
During the year, Mr. Andrew Kwan-Yuen Leung was appointed as an independent non-executive director and Mr. Kunio Suzuki (with Mr. Seiji Nakamura as alternate from 1st April to 25th June 2003, and Mr. Kazuaki Konishi as his alternate thereafter) was appointed as a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr.
Masaharu Ikuta (with Mr. Seiji Nakamura as alternate) resigned as a non-executive Director of the Company on 31st March 2003.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, as well as their alternates, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the Board. In particular, I would like to give special thanks to Mr. Masaharu Ikuta for sharing with us his extensive experience and knowledge of global business and wish him well in his new role as President of Japan Post.

Forecasts for Hong Kong s economic performance in 2004 have been revised upward lately, with forecast GDP up between 4% to 8%. Banking business, on the back of an improving local economy, is recovering although competition remains very intense. Asset quality is expected to continue to improve as bad debt charges, personal bankruptcies and restructurings, particularly relating to unsecured credit card and retail lending, are now well below their peak levels.
Deflation, which has been present in Hong Kong for more than five years, is expected to come to an end sometime in 2004. Rising confidence in the property market, continued improvement in the level of unemployment and a gradual increase in loan demand are expected to lead to growth in mortgages and personal and commercial lending. Short-term interest rates are likely to remain low for most of 2004, although conditions in the bond market are unlikely to be as favourable as they were in the first half of 2003.
The economic development that has taken place in the Mainland over the past years and the closer integration between Hong Kong and the Mainland look set to continue. In the past, Dah Sing was only able to benefit from this indirectly but with CEPA and the opening of our first Mainland branch expected in the first half of 2004, and with our ability to conduct Renminbi business in Hong Kong, we intend to participate in the continuing growth of the Pearl River Delta and beyond, and to provide additional banking services to our expanding 
We are committed to growing our banking and insurance businesses by providing a wide range of financial services products, and delivering a high quality of service to our customers. Our strategy for growth is founded upon the principles of generating shareholder value with a prudent focus on cost control and risk management, while pursuing our vision of becoming the Financial Services Provider of Choice .
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year. Against the background of global economic recovery and an expanding Chinese economy, I look forward to the challenges of 2004 with enthusiasm and cautious optimism.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 2nd March 2004 