CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Our core businesses had a steady year in 2014. Performance in Hong Kong and Macau was good, whilst Mainland China was mixed.
Against a backdrop of slowing growth in China, we are pleased to report that overall our banking business reported record profits again in 2014, with an increase of 16% in profit attributable to shareholders over 2013. Our insurance business was a little slower, with net profit up by 14% compared with 2013. Our overall profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up by 15% to HK$1,727 million.
After the rights issue completed in the second quarter of 2014, our capital position continued to strengthen, with our Banking Group s overall Capital Adequacy Ratio of 16.3%, and Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 11.4% as at 31 December 2014.

We reported another year of record profits in our banking business, with net profit attributable to shareholders increasing by 16% to HK$2,034 million. The key drivers were strong performance from our core Commercial, Retail and Treasury businesses in Hong Kong, a record profit from our Macau subsidiary bank, Banco Comercial de Macau, and a steady contribution from our investment in Bank of Chongqing, which offset a weaker performance from our China subsidiary bank.
It is encouraging that as we continue to pursue our back to basics strategy in banking, our profitability, as well as our profit, continued to improve, with a return on equity from our Banking Group of 11%.
The Board of Directors of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (from Left to Right): Mr. Nicholas Mayhew, Mr. Gary Wang, Mr. Derek Wong, Mr. John Chow, Mr. Robert Sze, Mr. Seiji Nakamura, Mr. David Wong, Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa (alternate Director to Mr. Takashi Morimura), Mr. Lon Dounn, Mr. Toshihide Motoshita, Mr. Blair Pickerell and Dr. Yuan Shu.

Our insurance business also reported an improved performance compared with 2013. Both our net profit and our overall premium and other insurance income grew, by 14% and 35% respectively.
However, new business volumes in the year were down relative to the prior year, due mainly to the migration towards selling life products with higher margin, resulting in a lower sales volume in the year. We continued to roll out new products to suit our customers needs, particularly for longer term protection, savings and investment 
CAPITAL AND REGULATION After the rights issue concluded in 2014, the equity capital levels of our Banking Group have increased significantly. As at 31 December 2014, our Common Equity Tier 1 ( CET1 ) capital ratio was 11.4% and our overall Capital Adequacy Ratio was 16.3%. We were also well prepared for the new liquidity rules that came into effect on 1 January 2015, and continue to maintain our liquidity ratio at much above the regulatory minimum level. Whilst the process of regulatory change under Basel III has yet to be completed, it is notable that in dollar terms, our CET1 is now more than double the equivalent Core Capital that we maintained in 2007, before the main impact of the financial crisis. This demonstrates how much our capital base has been strengthened over the past few years.
A group photo of the Directors and Company Secretary of Dah Sing Financial Group before a Board Meeting.
CHANGES IN BOARD MEMBERS DURING THE YEAR On 20 June 2014, Mr. Muneo Kurauchi ceased to act as an Alternate Director to Mr. Takashi Morimura.
On 27 August 2014, Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi, due to his new assignment within The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd ( BTMU ) group, resigned as a Non-Executive Director. On the same date, Mr.
Toshihide Motoshita was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of the Company and Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa was appointed as an Alternate Director to Mr. Takashi Morimura. Mr. Motoshita is the Executive Officer, Regional Head for Hong Kong and General Manager of BTMU Hong Kong Branch. Mr. Yoshikawa is the Managing Executive Officer, Deputy Chief Executive of the Global Business Unit, Chief Executive Officer for East Asia of BTMU. BTMU is a wholly-owned commercial banking subsidiary of Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc.
On 15 September 2014, Dr. Yuan Shu resigned as an Independent Non-Executive Director. Following his resignation, Dr. Shu also ceased to act as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee ( NRC ) of the Company. On the same date, Mr. Hon- Hing Wong (Derek Wong) resigned as a member of the NRC of the Company but remains as an Executive Director as well as the Managing Director and Chief Executive of the Company.
The Board extends a warm welcome to Mr. Motoshita and Mr.
Yoshikawa in joining the Board, and expresses its appreciation to Dr. Shu, Mr. Horikoshi and Mr. Kurauchi for their valuable effort and contributions to the Board during their tenure of service with the Company, and also to Mr. Wong for his effort and time spent in attending to the affairs of the NRC of the Company in the past.
Dah Sing Management at the Hong Kong headquarters building celebrating the Chinese New Year of 
We continue to live in uncertain times. Whilst there are some encouraging signs in 2015, notably the continuing recovery of the US economy, other developments mean that we should be cautious.
Risks that may affect us during the year include the slowdown in the Mainland China economy, and the credit risk that this may bring, as well as the continuing volatility in financial markets, and the possible change in the policy direction of the Federal Reserve, as it considers whether to start to raise interest rates after an extended period of Federal Funds rates close to zero. All of these potential developments 
However, we should not forget that our core market is Hong Kong, and of our banking subsidiaries, our Macau bank is still bigger than our Mainland China bank. Conditions in both Hong Kong and Macau remain steady, and credit quality is extremely good, so we are not overly pessimistic about 2015. Our investment in Bank of Chongqing continues to perform well.
Closing prices of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (Stock code: 0440) and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (Stock code: 2356) on 31 
Closing price of Hang Seng Index on 31 December 
In the longer term, we continue to see our base in Hong Kong, Mainland China and Macau as one that we can build on, for the benefit of our shareholders, customers and staff alike.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2015 