Chairman s Statement 2002 was again a challenging year, marked by continued deflation and weak economic conditions in Hong Kong and globally. There was no loan growth in the market and the high level of unemployment and record personal bankruptcies during the year resulted in a difficult operating environment for financial services companies.
In this difficult operating environment, Dah Sing delivered a resilient performance, with operating profit before provisions increasing by 22.1% and profit attributable to shareholders decreasing moderately to HK$829.0 million. Earnings per share fell by 4.5% to HK$3.36, and the dividend was maintained at HK$1.12 per share.
We remain firmly committed to our goal of improving shareholder value, and have concentrated on building a broadly based financial services business encompassing banking and insurance. The strength of our core banking and insurance businesses was demonstrated during the year with improvements in the operating performance of our personal banking, treasury and insurance businesses, and a relatively stable performance in our commercial banking business. We are dedicated to our keen focus on our customers, and we were able to broaden our range of services during the year, most notably through an expansion of our wealth management business.
We are building our employer brand, and have been recognised as a caring employer. We are active participants in community affairs, in particular the Hong Kong Red Cross whose mission and values of respect for humanity and quality of service we share.
In these times of deflation and poor credit quality in our unsecured personal lending business due to high levels of personal bankruptcies, attention to our risk management and focus on cost control are critical. We continued to make progress in both of these areas during 
Dah Sing Bank, Limited Dah Sing Bank, Limited ( DSB ) achieved an increase in operating profit before provisions of 19% from HK$1.27 billion to HK$1.5 billion.
We made very considerable progress in our deposit taking activities during the year with overall deposits up by 10.6%. In these times of low interest rates in the market, our customers are seeking higher yields and alternatives for investment. We were able to serve those requirements, both through issues of certificates of deposit in HK$ and US$, and through a substantial increase in our wealth management activities, notably through sales of investment products.
Loan demand, however, remained weak, and competition amongst banks was intense. We experienced some marginal contraction in our loan book during the year, due to weak demand, our reluctance to compete at the very lowest rates in the residential mortgage market, and the effects of the high credit cost in the unsecured personal lending business. There were some positive developments in our commercial banking business with progress made in both the equipment finance and trade finance areas.
Our treasury business had another successful year, and was able to capture the benefits of some further decreases in interest rates during the year, whilst maintaining a very high overall credit quality. Risk management remained an extremely important feature of this business, as it does for all of our businesses, and we invested considerable time and effort during the year in the development of new risk management tools and processes.
Cost control in a deflationary environment is essential, and we were able to reduce overall costs by 6.8% during the year, with cost benefits achieved in almost all of the key expense categories.
Dah Sing Life Assurance 
Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited ( DSLA ), the Group s wholly owned life assurance business had a satisfactory year.
New business growth, at 8%, was in line with the market, whilst overall profitability was down marginally, due mainly to changes in the assumptions underlying the embedded value calculation.
We continued to see the benefits of our bancassurance strategy, with a continuing increase in the sales of life assurance product through our bank branches, which now account for the majority of our total life assurance sales. We introduced investment linked life assurance product during the year, which further broadens our range of wealth management products.
MEVAS Bank Limited MEVAS Bank Limited ( MEVAS ) demonstrated progress during the year, with growth in assets and deposits. Our focus on innovation and quality of service has continued, and we successfully launched a number of new products during the year. MEVAS was the first bank in Asia to launch co-brand credit cards with the well-known English football clubs, Liverpool Football Club and Arsenal 
MEVAS continued to report a loss for the year, and cost control was important in MEVAS as in other areas of our business. We took action during the year to contain expenses at MEVAS through a restructuring of its back office functions, and a realignment of certain units with similar functions in Dah Sing Bank at the year end. This has enabled MEVAS to reduce expenses significantly going forward, and therefore we expect that the operating performance for MEVAS will improve 
Board of Directors Mr. Ronald Carstairs retired as Vice Chairman and non-executive Director of Dah Sing with effect from 29th November 2002. The Board wishes to express its most sincere appreciation and deepest gratitude for Mr. Carstairs invaluable contribution to building the Group during his tenure of service with Dah Sing.
He has been instrumental in building the Group into the financial services organisation it is today.
The Board also wishes to thank Mr. Yiu-Ming Ng, who retired as an executive Director with effect from 1st July 2002 after seventeen years of service, for his contribution to the Group, in particular in the field of hire purchase, where he helped to build one of Hong Kong s leading hire purchase businesses. Mr. Ng continues to serve the Board in a non-executive role.
On 6th August 2002, Mr. Toru Mitarai was appointed a non-executive Director, succeeding the resigned Mr. Izumi Takamiya, and Mr. Masateru Nakamura was confirmed to act as an alternate Director to Mr. Mahito Kageyama.
On 4th March 2003, Mr. Ryosuke Tamakoshi was appointed a non-executive Director, succeeding Mr. Mahito Kageyama who resigned on the same day, representing UFJ s interests in Dah Sing. Mr. Masateru Nakamura was appointed an alternate Director to Mr. Tamakoshi, also on the same day. The Board would like to thank Mr. Kageyama for his contribution during his tenure as a Director.
On 4th March 2003, Mr. Andrew Kwan-Yuen Leung was appointed as an independent non-executive Director.
I would like to take the opportunity to welcome these new directors to the Board, and look forward to their contribution in the years to come.
On 19th July 2002, Mr. Ian Harley, with Mr. Graham Long as his alternate, resigned as a director of Dah Sing. On 6th August 2002, Mr. Malcolm Millington, with Mr. Graham Long as alternate, succeeding the resigned Mr. Ian Harley (with Mr. Graham Long as alternate), was appointed a non-executive Director, representing the interest of Abbey National plc in Dah Sing. On 15th January 2003, Mr. Malcolm Millington, with Mr. Graham Long resigned from the Board, following the disposal of Abbey National s shareholding in Dah Sing.

2003 is likely to be another challenging year, not only for Hong Kong, but also around the world, as geopolitical issues evolve. Hong Kong is still suffering from deflation, and our unemployment rate remains high. On the Mainland, the economic picture remains robust, as China becomes the world s manufacturing centre, and continues to grow rapidly. We believe that closer integration with the Mainland, in particular the Pearl River Delta, and the 24-hour opening of the border will accelerate economic activities for the good of both Hong Kong and the Mainland. We saw in 2002 a growing tourism sector, largely related to Mainland visitors; Hong Kong setting a new world record for container throughput; and new records set for air cargo, passengers and flight movements.
We expect that Hong Kong will continue to benefit from this momentum in 
For Dah Sing, we will continue to look for opportunities to grow and diversify our business streams in the financial services market. We believe that by keeping our customers firmly in mind, and by providing them with a wide range of products and a high quality of service, we will be able to serve our customers better and continue to progress in the years to come.
In the short term, we believe that the market will remain difficult in Hong Kong, and therefore will maintain our close attention to risk management in all areas of our business, as well as to the strict management of our cost base.
Finally, I would like to extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year, and we look forward to their continued contribution in the coming years.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 4th March 2003 