Chairman s Statement Hong Kong achieved further growth in 2005 due in part to the momentum brought by the relaxation of rules regarding individual travellers from the Mainland and the implementation of the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement ( CEPA ) between Hong Kong and the Mainland and following a strong recovery in the local economy in 2004. Local GDP grew 7.3%, a slight decrease from the 8.6% recorded in 2004. Unemployment continued to decline, reaching the level of 5.6% in 2005, a decline of 1.2% relative to 2004. Mild inflation returned after a number of years of declining prices, with an inflation rate of 1.1%, compared with mild deflation of 0.4% in 2004. Trade flows were strong, with imports and exports growing by 10.3% and 11.4% respectively in 2005. Visitor arrivals reached 23.3 million, a growth of 7.1% over 
Macau, another Special Administrative Region to the west of Hong Kong, reported a strong economic performance, with growth in GDP of 6.7% in 2005, down from the exceptionally high rate of growth of 28.3% in 2004, and its GDP has now grown at an average annual rate of 12.1% between 2000 and 2005. The robust performance of the gaming and tourism sectors spurred significant growth in both public and private sector investment, with total investment increasing by 57% in real terms over 2004.
Visitor arrivals to Macau increased by 12.2% to over 18.7 million, and annual gross gaming receipts increased by 8.3% compared with 2004. Reducing unemployment and increasing incomes amongst Macau residents led to a real growth in private consumption expenditure of 7.5% in 2005 compared with 2004.
The increasing integration of Hong Kong s economy with China, particularly with the Pan-Pearl River Delta Region including Macau, will help to expedite the planning and development of a cross-boundary bridge between Hong Kong, Macau and Zhuhai, and the development of the transport network within the region.
Against this background of continued growth in 2004 and 2005, we implemented the M&A strategy we had set out at the time of the separate listing of Dah Sing Banking Group ( DSBG ) in 2004. As a group, we raised HK$2.4 billion for both the Company and DSBG at the time of the DSBG IPO, and during the course of 2005, we invested around HK$2.7 billion in acquisitions; HK$936 million to acquire Pacific Finance in Hong Kong; HK$1,679 million to acquire the Banco Comercial de Macau ( BCM ) group in Macau; and HK$58 million to acquire a 20% shareholding in Great Wall Life, headquartered in Beijing.
When the opportunity of acquiring BCM became available, your Board decided to make every effort to take advantage of the regional developments in the coming years by making a strategic expansion and investment in Macau in order to position our operations to complement the enhancement of co-operation among Hong Kong, Macau and the Pan-Pearl River Delta region.
Following the opening remarks made by Mr. David S.Y. Wong, Chairman (photo a second from left), accompanied by our independent non- executive director, Mr. Peter Birch (photo a first from left), in the presence of Dr. Cristopher de Beck, the Vice Chairman of Banco Comercial Portugus ( BCP ) (photo a first from right), and other BCP members in Lisbon, observed through video conferencing by Mr. Antonio Matos, former Chief Executive Officer of Banco Comercial de Macau ( BCM ), and Mr. Antonio Castro Henriques of BCP (photo b first and second from left respectively) together with Mr. Harold Wong, Executive Director of Dah Sing Banking Group ( DSBG ) (photo b first from right; also photo c front row sitting first from left) and other members of DSBGBCM group attending the ceremony, the sale and purchase agreement of BCM was signed by Mr. Derek Wong, Managing Director of DSBG, and Mr. Antonio Castro Henriques of BCP (photo c front row sitting second from left and first from right respectively) in Hong Kong.
We did not neglect organic growth during the year, with loan growth of 16% excluding the effect of the acquisitions, as well as a strong performance in our insurance business.
Overall results were lower in 2005 compared with 2004, principally due to lower margins and higher costs. The Group reported profit attributable to shareholders for 2005 of HK$1,019 million, 11.4% lower than the equivalent figure in 2004, and excluding from the 2004 results the exceptional gains realised from the separate listing of DSBG. However, despite the lower profit contribution, your board has decided to maintain the full year dividend at the same level as last year (HK$2.08 per share), with a proposed final dividend of HK$1.36 per share.
Whilst the earnings from our banking business attributable to the Company s shareholders declined from HK$993 million to HK$767 million, reflecting both the lower profit from DSBG, as well as the higher minority interests, as we have accounted for the minority for the full year for the first time this year, a higher total contribution from our insurance businesses whose profits grew strongly by 41% from HK$147 million to HK$207 million was recorded.
The banking market in Hong Kong continued to be extremely competitive during the year. Although the Hong Kong loan market continued its trend of mild growth, with overall growth of 7.2% recorded for the full year, loan pricing remained very competitive, with the mortgage business in particular coming under pressure in the second half of the year. The insurance market overall was also relatively subdued. The banking market in Macau was also competitive. However, we currently see attractive opportunities to grow our business in Macau as a result of the buoyant economic conditions now being experienced in that market.
Interest rates were volatile, with a sharp increase in local interbank rates at the beginning of the year, closing the gap that had opened up between Hong Kong rates and US rates during the course of 2004. The Prime HIBOR spread continued at historically tight levels until the second half of the year, and began to recover in the last quarter. Generally, rates continued to climb during the course of the year, reflecting the sequence of rate rises by the Federal Reserve in the US.

Our separately listed banking subsidiary, Dah Sing Banking Group Limited, reported a decline in profits for the year, with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$979 million, a decrease of 12.5% compared with the 
Organic loan growth was strong, with the loan book, excluding the effects of the acquisitions increasing by 16% to HK$37.9 billion. Including the impact of the acquisition, we reported total loan growth of 38%, raising total loans to customers to approximately 
We are pleased to report that our two acquisitions performed strongly during the year, with the profit from BCM increasing by 50% to MOP90 million, and the profit from Pacific Finance increasing by 21% to HK$82 million. BCM is the third largest bank by branches in the Macau market, and has a strong franchise and deposit base, giving us a firm foundation on which to build our presence in Macau.
We have retained most of the senior management in BCM, although we have appointed a new Chief Executive of BCM from Dah Sing, and we believe that this management continuity is also important for us to build the business in a steady and progressive manner. Pacific Finance has given us greater market share in a number of attractive businesses in Hong Kong, including vehicle finance, equipment finance, mortgages and consumer lending, and we look forward to gaining synergy benefits from the integration of Pacific Finance with Dah 
Our wholly owned life assurance subsidiary, Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited delivered record results for the year, with a contribution to the Group s earnings of HK$207 million including our general insurance business, an increase of 41% over the previous year. The total shareholders funds and embedded value of our insurance business in the Group s accounts amounted to around HK$1.3 billion at the end of 
We introduced new single premium products in the first half of the year, and improved the focus of our bancassurance distribution platform, and through these measures, and building on the higher base of policies in force, as well as benefitting from good persistency levels, we were able to grow premium income by 57% over the previous year. This does not include the results of Macau Insurance and Macau Life Insurance, which are respectively the largest general insurance company in Macau, and one of the largest life companies in Macau.
During the year, we also acquired a 20% shareholding in a newly established life assurance company in Mainland China, Great Wall Life, for consideration of HK$58 million. Based in Beijing, Great Wall Life has a national license to conduct life assurance business, and we are the only overseas strategic shareholder. The business has recently launched, and we continue to monitor its development.
Board of Directors On 15 March 2005, Messrs. Sohei Sasaki and Kosuke Furukawa, succeeding Messrs. Ryosuke Tamakoshi and Toru Mitarai, were appointed as non-executive Directors of the Company.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the Board.

Economic conditions in Hong Kong in 2006 are forecast to be broadly positive, although with a slightly slower rate of increase in GDP, with recent forecasts for GDP growth of around 5-6% for the year. Unemployment is forecast to continue to reduce, and inflation is set to move mildly higher during the year.
Whilst the overall economic conditions are conducive to a mild level of growth in the banking and insurance markets in Hong Kong, we do not expect market growth in either of these two segments to be exceptionally strong over the coming year. We are, however, somewhat more optimistic about the prospects of the Macau market, where both GDP growth, and growth in the banking market are expected to be ahead of those in Hong 
Whilst the continued increase in interest rates in the US in 2006 is likely to mean higher rates in Hong Kong over the year, we do not expect to see the same degree of negative pressure on our margins, provided that there are no unexpected Hong Kong dollar interest rate movements during the course of the year.
We are pleased to report that the strategy set out at the time of the separate listing of DSBG is now being implemented, with total acquisitions made since the listing now exceeding the total proceeds raised. Nor have we neglected organic growth, with a more rapid rate of growth than the market both in terms of loan growth in our banking business, and in premium growth in our insurance business. We remain committed to our strategy of growth, and intend to target more rapid than market organic growth, as well as M&A on an opportunistic basis as and when suitable 
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 27 March 2006 