Chairman s Statement 2004 was a year of reorientation for the Dah Sing Group, with the reorganisation and separate listing of the Dah Sing Banking Group at the end of the first half of the year, as well as the opening of our first branch in Mainland China.
I am pleased to report that the Group achieved a record level of profit for the year, exceeding HK$1 billion for the first time. Profit attributable to shareholders for 2004 increased by 16.1% to HK$1,152 million if the exceptional gains from the Group reorganisation were excluded, and by 105% to HK$2,033 million including the exceptional gains. Earnings per share increased from HK$4.02 to HK$4.66, excluding the exceptional gains, and to HK$8.22 including those gains. In line with the dividend policy expressed at the time of the reorganisation, the dividend payout ratio has been raised to approximately 45% of normalised attributable profit excluding exceptional gains and the special dividend paid in the year, bringing the dividend per share (excluding special dividend) to HK$2.08 for the year, an increase of 56% over 2003. A special dividend of HK$0.80 per share was paid in August 2004 after the completion of the separate listing of Dah Sing Banking Group, bringing the total dividend for the year to HK$2.88.
Both our banking business and insurance business performed strongly during the year, with the profits of the banking business growing by 27% from HK$880 million to HK$1,120 million, and the total contribution from our insurance businesses growing by 17% from HK$126 million to HK$147 
Hong Kong s economic recovery continued in 2004, with real GDP growth of 8.1%. Trade figures were particularly strong, with exports of goods and services increasing by 15.3% and 14.9% respectively.
Although there was still slight deflation in the first half of the year, the overall trend has improved.
Unemployment fell during 2004, and was at a level of 6.5% by the end of the year, which is still a relatively high level, due to the continuing restructuring of Hong Kong s economy.
Conditions in the banking and insurance markets were reasonably positive during the year. There were a number of trends influencing the banking market. In particular, a return to loan growth, improving credit quality, competitive pricing, tighter interest margins, wealth management and Renminbi ( RMB ) business, have all been key factors influencing the market over the past year. Outside Hong Kong, there has also been the move by Hong Kong banks to participate more actively in Mainland China, particularly in the Pan Pearl River Delta region.
It is encouraging to note that there was a return to loan growth in the Hong Kong banking market for the first time since 1998, with overall domestic loan growth in 2004 reaching 5%. However, this loan growth was achieved against a background of extremely keen pricing competition in many main loan segments, including commercial lending and residential mortgages. The loan growth was also mixed by loan segment, with mortgage lending and commercial banking increasing more rapidly than personal loans and credit cards.
Continuing low Hong Kong dollar interbank rates during most part of the year, particularly following the reduction in interbank rates in late October, mitigated the margin pressure to some extent. However, as a result of competitive loan pricing and lower yields on interest earning assets, the average net interest margin in the local banking industry generally tightened in 2004.
Wealth management has been a growing business as customers seek alternatives to the low deposit rates available in the market. This has been a trend benefitting both the banking and insurance sectors, with growth in fee income in the banking industry, and strong growth in premium income in the insurance sector.
The ever-closer links between Hong Kong and Mainland China have been reflected in the growth in RMB business for Hong Kong residents in Hong Kong (including RMB deposits, remittances and credit cards), as well as the growth in many Hong Kong banks business in Mainland China, particularly in the Pan Pearl River Delta region.
In the insurance business, growth in premium income continued, buoyed by strong demand for shorter maturity, single premium and unit-linked products targeted at the wealth management market. Insurers with bancassurance platforms continued to grow market share.

Our separately listed banking subsidiary, Dah Sing Banking Group Limited, reported a strong performance for the year, with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,120 million, an increase of 27.3% over the previous 
Loan growth was significantly above market, with overall growth for the year of 16.4%, and advances to customers at the year-end totalling HK$32.5 billion. The loan growth came both from our personal banking business as well as our commercial banking business, with retail and commercial mortgages and trade finance as particular areas of growth.
Credit cost continued its improving trend with overall provisioning charges falling significantly in 2004. It was particularly encouraging to see a further reduction in credit card charge-offs, with the charge-off rate at the end of 2004 dropping to a level similar to 2000, which was the start of the increase in credit cost in the retail sector.
Our wealth management business continued to grow strongly during the year, with record levels of fee income from the sale of both debt and equity related wealth management products, as well as structured deposits for both retail and private banking customers.
Deposit growth was strong during the year. We also took the opportunity towards the end of the year to issue a total of US$300 million of fixed and floating 5-year senior notes due in 2009 under the Medium Term Note Programme of Dah Sing Bank, through Dah Sing MTN Financing Limited being its wholly-owned subsidiary.
Competitive loan pricing and declining yields on assets and surplus funds investments during the year resulted in a decline in the net interest margin from 3.21% to 2.92%.
Under the Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement between Mainland China and Hong Kong, we were able to open our first Mainland China branch, in Shenzhen in June 2004. We have been encouraged by its early 
Our wholly owned life assurance subsidiary, Dah Sing Life Assurance Company Limited ( Dah Sing Life ) reported a contribution to the Group s earnings of HK$141.0 million, an increase of 22.4% over the previous year. The total net asset value attributable to our insurance business in the Group s accounts at the end of the year, including the HK$664 million embedded value of our life insurance business, was HK$1,033 million.
Dah Sing Life continued to benefit from strong demand for shorter maturity endowment products, as well as sales of traditional whole-of-life product.
Sales through the Group s bank branches now represent the majority of new business premiums for Dah Sing Life, although our agency force also generated reasonable new business growth for the year. The results of our life business benefitted from a strong investment performance, particularly in respect of a recovery in equity markets, and relatively stable long-term interest rates as well as improving persistency.
Our 51% owned general insurance subsidiary, Dah Sing General Insurance Company Limited, achieved a slightly lower level of profit in 2004, as 2003 performance was boosted by lower reserving cost and higher investment 
We took steps in 2004 to broaden the management team of our life assurance business, and have placed increasing priority on its growth for 
Board of Directors Mr. Kwok-Hung Yue (Justin Yue) was appointed as an independent non- executive Director of the Company on 15th March 2004, and brings extensive experience and business insight to our Board.
As part of the Group reorganisation, and separate listing of the Group s banking business on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in the first half of 2004, Messrs. John W. Simpson, David R. Hinde and Andrew Kwan-Yuen Leung resigned as independent non-executive Directors of the Company on 11th June 2004, and were appointed as independent non-executive Directors of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited, in which the Company currently holds a 78.3% stake.
On 6th August 2004, Mr. Nicholas J. Mayhew was appointed an executive Director of the Company.
On 15th March 2005, Messrs. Sohei Sasaki and Kosuke Furukawa, succeeding Messrs. Ryosuke Tamakoshi and Toru Mitarai, were appointed non-executive Directors of the Company.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, as well as their alternates, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on 
Economic conditions in Hong Kong in 2005 are forecast to be broadly positive, with government forecasts for real GDP growth of around 4.5% to 5.5% for the year. Retail sales have shown a good performance in the early stages of the year, assisted by the substantial increase in Mainland Individual Travellers, and generally closer integration. Property prices are at significantly higher levels than a year ago.
The growth of the Pan Pearl River Delta region looks set to continue, and the economic integration between Hong Kong and Mainland China continues to gather momentum. We see this as a positive trend for the years to come.
Whilst market loan growth is expected to be mildly positive in 2005, as the economic recovery continues, loan pricing remains very competitive, and funding costs are expected to rise during the year as the effects of increases in US interest rates flow through to Hong Kong dollar rates.
Therefore, whilst we are cautiously optimistic on the outlook for our banking business in 2005, we also believe that there are challenges to be faced in the coming year, particularly as regards our net interest margin.
The improved economy and the return of inflation have also started to put upward pressure on costs, and this trend is unlikely to reverse during the 
Conditions in the insurance market are reasonable, with expectations of continued growth in premium income for the industry as a whole, as a result of improved economic conditions as well as greater demand for savings and protection products. Over the past few years, we have seen growth in market share amongst those life assurance businesses operating on a bancassurance platform, and we believe that bancassurance, alongside other distribution channels, will continue to be an important method of distribution in the coming year. We are keen to grow our insurance business, and we expect that the increased resource that we are devoting to this business will bring benefits in the medium term.
We believe that the reorganisation and separate listing of the Dah Sing Banking Group has positioned us to meet the challenges and opportunities of the market, and has given us a platform to be able to continue to expand both our banking and insurance businesses in the years to come.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and commitment over the past year.
We remain committed to the growth of both our banking and insurance businesses, and look forward to continuing our efforts to become a Financial Services Provider of Choice .
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 15th March 2005 