CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 2010 was a year of recovery from the aftermath of the global financial crisis. With the benefit of robust economic growth in Hong Kong and Mainland China, loan demand was strong whilst liquidity in the market was ample and credit cost was benign. Against a more favourable economic backdrop, our performance in 2010 was much stronger than in 2009. Our businesses in Hong Kong and Macau enjoyed steady growth during the year. The growth of our business in China, both the banking business under our direct control and the business of our associated company, Bank of Chongqing, was particularly robust, thanks to the strong economic performance of China 
The Hang Seng Index closed at above 23,000 points at the 2010 year end, reflecting improved market conditions and performance during the year.
We have devoted effort not only to grow our businesses, but also to improve the quality of our services, design of our products and to ensure compliance with the more stringent post-crisis regulatory requirements during the year. I am glad that our efforts in 2010 were rewarded, with profit attributable to shareholders increasing from HK$626 million to HK$1,006 million, an increase of 61%.
To help fund our business growth and strengthen our shareholders equity, the Company and its listed subsidiary, Dah Sing Banking Group Limited ( DSBG ), both completed rights issues in December 2010, raising new capital of HK$1.2 billion and HK$1 billion respectively. As DSFH followed the rights issue by DSBG and took up its entitlement to DSBG rights shares in full, our shareholding interest in DSBG after the rights issue was maintained at 74.13%.
As the new equity raised by the DSBG rights issue had not yet been injected by DSBG to its banking subsidiaries as additional regulatory capital at the end of 2010, our Banking Group s Core Tier 1 capital adequacy and total capital adequacy ratios were 10.2% and 16.3% respectively as at 31 December 2010, similar to the levels in 2009.

DSBG reported a very strong growth in profit attributable to shareholders, up from HK$601 million in 2009 to HK$ 1,074 million in the year, representing an increase in profit of 79%.
In 2010, loan growth in our banking businesses was rapid, increasing by 27% relative to the loan balance at the end of 2009.
With strong loan growth, we also made efforts to increase our deposit balances, and achieved growth of 12% in customer deposits year on year.
Dah Sing Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited ( DSB (China) ), now operates in four cities in China, with a network comprising the Shenzhen headquarters, and branches in Shanghai, Nanchang and Zhenjiang. We are expecting our Guangzhou branch to open in the first half of 2011 whilst the opening of other branches is under active consideration.
Notwithstanding its less substantial profit contribution to the group at present, DSB (China) s strong momentum of growth of both loan volume and deposits in 2010 gives us confidence in its potential in 
Our insurance business reported a total net profit of HK$314 million in 2010, up 30% from 2009. Total gross written premium increased by 7.5%, benefiting from stronger performance of our non-life businesses during the year. Investment income continued to improve, with a diversified investment portfolio, which included higher quality bonds to match our long-term liabilities, and for which a higher actuarial reserve, in response to the lower valuation interest rates, was required in the year.
The solvency position of our insurance businesses remained strong, with net assets attributable to our insurance businesses growing from HK$2.8 billion at the year end 2009 to HK$3.1 billion by the end of 2010.
Board of Directors On 30 June 2010, Mr. Kwok-Hung Yue (Justin Yue) resigned from his position of Independent Non-Executive Director of the Company due to retirement. Mr. Kunio Suzuki, by virtue of his age and retirement from his prime employment, also resigned from his position of the Non-Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Akimitsu Ashida, succeeding Mr. Suzuki, was appointed as Non-Executive Director of the Company.
On 2 July 2010, Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa resigned from his position of Non-Executive Director due to his other business assignment within The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ ( BTMU ). Mr. Hidemitsu Otsuka, the Executive Officer and Regional Head for Hong Kong and General Manager of BTMU Hong Kong Branch, was appointed as his 
The Board of the Company expresses its appreciation to Mr. Yue, Mr. Suzuki, and Mr. Yoshikawa for their invaluable contributions to the Company during their tenure of service, and extends a warm welcome to Mr. Ashida and Mr. Otsuka as new Board members.

2010 was a year of global recovery from the unprecedented financial tsunami that had threatened international financial stability.
Although Asia, particularly China, appeared resilient, there were still many issues facing economies in other parts of the world around the end of 2010. The post-crisis regulatory environment has become much more stringent, with further regulatory changes expected in the coming years. Although we do not see immediate major problems ahead for the economy in the Greater China Region, there are a number of challenges such as continuing market volatility, rising inflation and the timing on the increases in interest rates, which may result in moderating the growth of the global economy.
However, we see attractive prospects from the continuing economic development of the Mainland, together with the closer interaction and cooperation between Hong Kong, Macau and Guangdong province. Hong Kong is already developing rapidly as an offshore RMB centre, with increasing cross border trade flows denominated in RMB, as well as increasing pools of RMB liquidity building up in Hong Kong. We are optimistic that this economic development, closer regional cooperation, and offshore RMB business will continue to increase, and that this will bring opportunities to the banking sector in Hong Kong.
A wide-ranging agreement was signed between Hong Kong government and Guangdong provincial government in April 2010 for the establishment of a new world-class economic zone. With increasing economic development and cooperation of the greater Guangdong-HongKong-Macau region, and support from the Central Government on promoting further development in the key service industries of Hong Kong and Macau, and particularly on enhancing Hong Kong s status as an international financial centre as reaffirmed in the 12th 5-year development plan of China, we see exciting future business opportunities in an increasingly powerful economic zone with over 100 million people.
We are geographically and economically well situated, with business and branch network coverage in Hong Kong, Macau and Guangdong province. We shall continue to upgrade our services and products to our customers in the region, enhance the quality and skills of our staff, and further strengthen our information technology and risk management capabilities, all of which are crucial to creating value to our shareholders and customers, and consistent with our strategy of Growing with the Asian Region .
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2011 