CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Both our banking business and our insurance business performed well in 2015, despite considerable market volatility particularly in the second half of the year. Profits from our banking business reached a new high, with an increase in profit attributable to shareholders of 8.2% to HK$2,201 million compared with the prior year. Due to a strong performance from our insurance business, our overall profit attributable to shareholders of the Company was up by 12.8% to 
Our capital position continued to strengthen from internal capital generation, with Dah Sing Bank s ( DSB ) overall Capital Adequacy Ratio reaching 16.7%, and Common Equity Tier 1 ( CET1 ) capital increasing to 12.2% as at 31 December 2015.

Despite a mixed year, with strong market conditions in the first half followed by a high level of volatility in the second half, our banking business continued to perform well. Our core Commercial, Retail and Treasury businesses all performed well, although our Commercial Banking business did experience some increase in credit costs during the year. Profits from our Macau subsidiary bank, Banco Comercial de Macau, reached a new high, and the credit quality in our China subsidiary bank stabilized, following efforts over the past two years to strengthen credit underwriting and control risks, leading to an improved performance for the year. Towards the end of the year, our shareholding in our associate, Bank of Chongqing, was diluted to 14.66%, but its earnings contribution continued to increase, growing by 10.6% to HK$666 million for the year.

Our insurance business reported a much improved performance compared with 2014, with net profit growing by 29% to HK$325 million for the year. The growth in profit was driven by a continuing effort to distribute higher value and higher margin life insurance products through our bancassurance channel, as well as a significant decrease in the transfer to actuarial reserves as a result of higher interest rates during the year, offset to some extent by a weaker performance from our bond and equity portfolios due to the difficult market conditions, particularly in the second half of the year.
We announced on 12 January 2016 that we had commenced a strategic review of our life assurance businesses. This process remains ongoing, and we will make further announcements as and 
CAPITAL AND REGULATION We continued to see good progress in building up our capital levels, as reflected in the higher CET1 and overall Capital Adequacy Ratio of DSB as at 31 December 2015. 2015 was the first full year of introduction of the new liquidity rules requiring Hong Kong banks such as DSB to comply with the new Liquidity Maintenance Ratio ( LMR ), which has replaced the former Liquidity Ratio. DSB continued to maintain the LMR at well above the regulatory minimum level for the year. We believe that our capital and liquidity ratios are maintained at levels within the market range for our peer banks, and indeed for 
CHANGES OF THE BOARD DURING THE YEAR There was no change in the Board composition of the Company during the year.

Even at an early stage of the year, we have already seen significant market volatility in 2016. Whilst the US economy continues its gradual recovery, European economic growth remains slow, and there are signs that the Mainland China economy is slowing moderately, as it moves gradually from an export and investment led model to one in which domestic consumption plays a greater part. This could continue to put some pressure on credit quality, particularly for Mainland and Mainland related lending.
In our core market, Hong Kong, whilst the property market is showing signs of weakness, overall employment remains strong, so that at present an outlook of moderate slowdown seems to be most likely.
At this stage, we expect that this will result in somewhat slower growth for the banking business this year, but that credit quality will remain manageable. Macau demonstrates similar trends to Hong Kong: a weakening economy and softer property prices, balanced by continuing minimal unemployment and modest wage growth.
FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) Globally, risks remain. The US Federal Reserve implemented its first interest rate rise towards the end of last year, and further rates rises are expected this year, although at this stage it seems that rate rises may be moderate. Mainland China, whilst currently appearing to slow quite modestly, presents some risk to the downside, although we have already taken action to control our risks in this area.
Closing prices of Dah Sing Financial Holdings Limited (Stock code: 0440) and Dah Sing Banking Group Limited (Stock code: 2356) on 31 
Closing price of Hang Seng Index on 31 December 
FUTURE PROSPECTS (Continued) In summary, therefore, whilst we see a somewhat slower outlook, with some risk to the downside, we believe that our core markets of Hong Kong, Macau and Mainland China will continue to offer opportunities for us to grow our business in the medium term.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 23 March 2016 