Chairman s Statement During 2009, economic conditions broadly improved, with Hong Kong benefitting from stronger economic growth and lower unemployment, as well as positive economic conditions in the Mainland continuing, in part due to the stimulus measures promoted by the central government. Macau also followed a similar trend. Globally, following the unprecedented and substantial monetary and fiscal stimulus measures implemented by many leading countries in late 2008 in response to the global financial crisis, and improved conditions in the banking industry following large scale 
were signs of economic stabilisation, and also evidence of a broad- based recovery in the second half of 2009. The global economy and financial market appear to have passed the worst point of the cycle.
The Hang Seng Index closed at above 21,800 points and Dah Sing Financial Holdings and Dah Sing Banking Group share prices recorded a stronger performance at the 2009 year end.
In line with the stabilising and slightly more favourable economic conditions, our performance improved substantially over 2008, with profit attributable to shareholders rising from HK$106 million in 2008 to HK$626 million in the year. Our capital position also strengthened notably, both due to the stronger operating performance, as well as due to a number of capital raising initiatives during the year, with Tier 1 capital adequacy and total capital adequacy of our Banking Group increasing from 6.8% and 13.6% as at 31 December 2008 to 10.2% and 16.8% respectively as at 31 December 2009.
The conversion of our shareholders loan of HK$1 billion as equity to Dah Sing Banking Group Limited ( DSBG ) in September 2009 not only strengthened the capital base of DSBG, but also resulted in an increase in our shareholding in this key subsidiary, from 70.86% to 74.13%.

Our separately listed banking subsidiary, DSBG, reported an increase in profits for the year, with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$601 million, an increase of 219% compared with the previous year. Whilst net interest income was slightly lower than 2008, fee income was weak, principally due to reduced activity in the wealth management business. With the gradual improvement in the economy, credit costs began to turn around, with impairment charges dropping substantially for the year. We also did not experience any exceptional or large losses on securities investments during the year.
Core lending performance was steady, with a slightly lower loan book. Our deposit position continued to be very healthy, with the increase in customer deposits during the year more than outweighing the reduction in wholesale funding.
We took part in an industry wide settlement scheme with Lehman minibond investors during the course of the year, and have placed great emphasis and effort to improve and upgrade our investment product sales in line with the new guidance from regulators, as well as market practice and expectations.
Our 20% associate, Bank of Chongqing, achieved a set of very strong results in the year, contributing HK$196 million to our profit, representing 62% growth when compared with 2008.
Dah Sing Bank s wholly owned and locally incorporated subsidiary bank in China, Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited, continued its gradual expansion, with the opening of new branches in Nanchang and Zhenjiang, in addition to the existing operations in Shenzhen and Shanghai. With China s strong growth and huge development opportunities, we look forward to the continued growth of this subsidiary, and our business expansion, in China.
Senior management of the Group recently met with Mr. Liu Mingkang, Chairman of China Banking Regulatory Commission.
(left to right) Mr. Derek Wong, Managing Director and Chief Executive, Mr. David S.Y.
Wong, Chairman, Mr. Liu Mingkang, Mr. Harold Wong, Director.

Whilst our core Hong Kong life assurance business continued to report a set of respectable results including new sales, overall our insurance premium income declined for the year, due mainly to the discontinuation of certain lower margin life assurance products previously marketed in Macau.
Balancing this was a much better investment performance, with the value of our insurance investment portfolio increasing by HK$344 million, or a return of 5.1% during the year. This gain recognised in our income statement resulted in the return to profitability of the insurance business compared with the prior year. In aggregate, our insurance businesses reported a total profit after tax, including the change in embedded value, of HK$241 million. Our solvency position remained strong, with net assets growing from HK$2.2 billion at year end 2008 to HK$2.8 billion at year end 2009.
Board of Directors On 1 June 2009, Mr. Chung-Kai Chow retired as the Vice Chairman and a non-executive Director of the Company after 22 years of directorship in the Group.
Mr. David S.Y. Wong (right), the Chairman of Dah Sing Group, presented a souvenir photo to Mr. Chung-Kai Chow (left) upon his retirement with effect from 1 June 2009, after his 22 years of directorship in the Group.
I am very delighted to have Mr. Nicholas Sallnow-Smith s consent to join the Board during the year, with his appointment as an additional independent non-executive Director of the Company since 12 August 2009. Mr. Sallnow-Smith is a prominent senior executive in Hong Kong with extensive expertise in the finance, investment and property management industries, and is currently the Chairman and an independent non-executive director of The Link Management Limited, in addition to his roles with other companies and a number of community organizations.
I would like to welcome Mr. Sallnow-Smith in joining the Board and believe his expertise and rich experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my tremendous gratitude to Mr. Chung-Kai Chow on his retirement from the Board for his invaluable contribution during his tenure on the Board.

2008 and 2009 were two of the most difficult years for the global financial industry in recent history. Whilst Asia was less badly affected than Europe or the US, the past two years had also been very challenging. We are optimistic that the improvement in our results in 2009 under the healthier economic backdrop, as well as the steps we have taken to strengthen our capital position, mean that we are now through the worst of the storm.
Therefore, our strategy for 2010 will be one of cautions optimistism.
We believe that the prospects for the Greater China and Asian region are still promising, and that over the medium to long term will present many opportunities. However, in the short term we are still mindful that the crisis is not fully over, and that will still need to operate with caution.
With the turbulent decade ended in 2009 now behind us, we look forward to the continued growth and prosperity of our Group during this new decade, and above all, we believe that our Group s future prospects are encouraging.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support of our customers.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 24 March 2010 