CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT We firmly believe in Growing with the Asian Region over the past decade or so. Whilst over the past few years, conditions in global financial markets and in the global economy have been very challenging, we are of the view that the Asian markets have recovered more quickly than other global markets, and that over time this will be beneficial to our core businesses.
After a strong start in the first half of 2011, with rapid loan growth, mainly driven by demand from Mainland China related business, conditions became more difficult into the second half of the year, with a slow-down in growth, increased pressure on funding costs, and a much more volatile global market environment, as events in Europe continued to unfold. Inflation remained heightened during the course of the year, which led to meaningful pressure on costs, adding to the cost increases incurred, particularly in the first half of the year. Despite the overall difficult conditions experienced during the year, we were able to report a small increase in net profit to HK$1,289 million, with profit attributable to shareholders reaching HK$1,010 million.
Both our banking and insurance businesses reported better performance in 2011.

DSBG reported mild increase in profit attributable to shareholders, up from HK$1,074 million in 2010 to HK$1,078 million in the year. Loan growth and deposit growth were both strong, rising by 14% and 16% respectively during the year. Loan growth was driven largely by Mainland China related business, particularly cross-border trade finance, as we continued to position our growth in line with the overall development of Mainland related business in Hong Kong including offshore RMB. Although asset yields were broadly unchanged, strong competition for deposits, particularly in the second half of the year pushed up deposit costs significantly, thus reducing our net interest margin, and placing our overall net interest income under pressure, notwithstanding the relativRelative to 2010 year end, Hang Seng Index dropped to close at around 18,400 points, reflecting the more difficult conditions in the second half of 2011.ely strong business growth.
Dah Sing Bank s wholly owned subsidiary, Dah Sing Bank (China) Limited ( DSB (China) ), now operates in five cities in China, with a network comprising the Shenzhen headquarters, and branches in Shanghai, Guangzhou, Nanchang, and Zhenjiang. Our investment in Bank of Chongqing ( BOCQ ) performed well again during the year, with an increase in contribution of attributable profit by 42% to HK$353 million.

Our insurance business reported a total net profit of HK$328 million in 2011, up 5% from 2010. Net premium income grew mildly, but new business of our long term life business was strong, growing by 52% during the year, and helping to offset the cessation of renewal premiums from certain shorter dated policies sold in the past. Whilst investment performance was down, due to weak markets particularly in the second half of the year, we were still able to outperform relevant benchmarks. In volume terms, the investment book grew from HK$8.8 billion at year end 2010 to HK$10.1 billion at the end of 2011.
The solvency position of our insurance businesses remained strong, with net assets attributable to our insurance businesses growing from HK$3.1 billion at the year end 2010 to HK$3.3 billion by the end of 2011.
Capital and Regulation We have taken steps to strengthen the core capital base of our banking business significantly over the years since the financial crisis, and have increased our core capital ratio from 9.1% at the end of 2007 to 10.5% at the end of 2011. We believe that this stronger equity capital base will assist us in preparing for the introduction of the Basel III capital regime, which is to be introduced in Hong Kong in 2013, and to position us for further growth in our 
Board of Directors After long service with the Dah Sing Group of companies, Messrs.
Peter Gibbs Birch and Yiu-Ming Ng retired from their office as an Independent non-executive Director and a Non-executive Director of the Company respectively on 27 May 2011.
On 5 December 2011, Mr. Tatsuo Tanaka resigned from his position as a Non-executive Director due to his other business assignment in Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc., the holding company of The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. ( BTMU ), which holds a 15.07% interest in the Company. Mr. Takashi Morimura was appointed to succeed Mr. Tatsuo Tanaka s role to represent BTMU s interest in the Company.
The Board of the Company expresses its appreciation to Messrs.
Peter Birch, Y.M. Ng and Tatsuo Tanaka for their invaluable contributions to the Company during their tenure of service, and extends a warm welcome to Mr. Morimura as a new Board 
2011 was a year with a more optimistic tone and solid growth in our core markets in the first half of the year turning to a more subdued environment in the second half, with a refocus on economic imbalances in Europe and their potential knock-on effect for the rest of the world.
Coming into the beginning of 2012, we have seen relatively positive sentiment in major financial markets, whilst economic prospects globally remain subdued. There are leadership elections and forthcoming changes in a number of major countries during the year, and it is likely that major policy developments in those countries will not be seen until the new leaderships are in place.
Closer to home, we have seen some softening in outlook for economic growth in Mainland China.
Taking all of this into account, we maintain a cautious outlook, and anticipate that business growth may slow down. The development of our business in Mainland China, both through our own wholly owned subsidiary DSB (China), as well as through BOCQ, remains important for 2012 and beyond. In Hong Kong, we expect the current stable but relatively slow growing market conditions to maintain for a period of time.
2012 will be an important year for our Group, as it will be our 25 th anniversary as a publicly listed group, and the 65 th year of operation of our key subsidiary, Dah Sing Bank. Many things have happened over the past years, including the listing of the group, the acquisitions of Hongkong Industrial and Commercial Bank, and subsequently operating as a joint venture bank with China Construction Bank under the name Jian Sing Bank in Hong Kong (1994-2002), Grand Union Insurance, the predecessor of Dah Sing Life Assurance, Wing On Bank, Banco Comercial de Macau, our 20% stake in BOCQ, and the establishment of Dah Sing Bank (China) amongst others. With our operations centred in Southern China, Hong Kong and Macau, we believe there are numerous opportunities still to come in the next 25 years.
Strategically, we continue to see the closer integration between Hong Kong and the Mainland as an important and unique business opportunity, especially for Hong Kong, with the building of the Hong Kong-Macau-Zhuhai Bridge and the closer integration anticipated under the 12 th Five Year Plan of China currently underway. The offshore RMB business in Hong Kong and Macau continues to develop rapidly in a number of different areas, and are important sources of growth. We will strive to grow our offshore RMB lending and fee income businesses, and provide integrated services across Hong Kong and Mainland to our customers.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and shareholders.
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2012 