CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Despite difficult market conditions and market volatility during the
course of the year, our overall performance was relatively stable, with
profit attributable to shareholders down by 2.9% to HK$1,892 million
for the year. Both our banking and insurance businesses delivered
respectable profit performance, with the banking group’s attributable
profit down by 2.5% for the year, and the insurance group’s profit
down by 9.5%. As we had contracted to sell our life assurance
businesses in Hong Kong and Macau on 2 June 2016, the results of
these businesses are included under “Discontinued operations” in our
results announcement.
Our banking group’s capital position continued to strengthen from
internal capital generation and also an issue of a Tier 2 subordinated
debt by Dah Sing Bank’s (“DSB”) in late 2016, with DSB’s
consolidated Capital Adequacy Ratio reaching 18.3%, and Common
Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”) capital ratio increasing to 12.7% as at 31
December 2016.
BANKING BUSINESS
During the course of the year, the performance of the Bank was
relatively stable overall. Net interest income grew strongly, mainly
as a result of lower funding costs during the year, whilst fee and
commission income were down. Our core Retail banking business
performed relatively well, although our Commercial banking business
suffered from relatively slow growth, as well as some increase in credit
cost during the course of the year. Our Treasury business also slowed,
mainly due to a lower demand from customers for FX and related
products, largely relating to RMB, due to the continuing depreciation
of the currency. Our Macau business showed some growth, whilst
our China subsidiary recorded better performance, mainly due to
lower credit costs during the year. The performance of our associate
company, Bank of Chongqing, was also encouraging, posting a solid
growth in the year. Its contribution to our earnings in 2016 however
dropped slightly, as our interest in Bank of Chongqing was diluted
from approximately 17.0% to 14.7% at the end of 2015.INSURANCE BUSINESS
Even though the results of our insurance business were below
those in 2015, with net profit down by 9.5% to HK$294 million for
the year, overall they were still considered satisfactory in a year in
which markets remained volatile. Whilst the overall growth in the new
business of our life business was modest in the year, bancassurance
sales were up by 8.2% compared with the prior year. In the second
half of the year, higher interest rates resulted in a release in our
actuarial reserves, although this was offset to some extent by lower
bond prices.
We contracted to sell our life assurance businesses in Hong Kong
and Macau on 2 June 2016, and therefore the results of these
businesses are included under “Discontinued operations” in our
results announcement. The sale process remains ongoing, and we will
make further announcements as and when appropriate.
CAPITAL AND REGULATION
In November 2016, DSB issued US$250 million of Tier 2 subordinated
debt, in advance of the call of its prior issues of S$225 million of
Lower Tier 2 subordinated debt and US$55 million of Upper Tier 2
subordinated debt for redemption in February 2017. Together with the
build-up of CET1 through earnings retention, this resulted in capital
levels as at 31 December 2016 that were substantially higher than the
prior year, at 18.3% overall, with CET1 at 12.7%. It should however
be noted that the subsequent call of the two subordinated debt issues
referred to above has lowered the overall capital ratio on a pro forma
basis by 72 basis points. We continued to comply with the Liquidity
Maintenance Ratio (”LMR”), with DSB’s average consolidated
LMR maintained at 42% during the year, well above the regulatory
minimum level of 25%. We believe that our capital and liquidity ratios
are maintained at levels within the market range for both peer banks
in Hong Kong, and indeed for banks internationally.
CHANGES OF THE BOARD DURING THE YEAR
On 23 August 2016, Mr. Takashi Morimura resigned as a NonExecutive
Director and Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa ceased to act as an
Alternate Director to Mr. Takashi Morimura. On the same date, Mr.
Eiichi Yoshikawa was re-designated as a Non-Executive Director
and Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi was appointed as an Alternate Director
to Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa. The brief biographical details of Mr. Eiichi
Yoshikawa and Mr. Hidekazu Horikoshi are set out in the section
headed “Directors’ and Senior Management’s Profile” in this Annual
Report.
The Board extends a warm welcome to Mr. Yoshikawa and Mr.
Horikoshi for joining the Board, and expresses its sincere appreciation
to Mr. Morimura for his valuable effort and contributions to the Board
during his tenure of service with the Company.FUTURE PROSPECTS
The outlook for 2017 remains uncertain. Whilst the US economy
continues to recover, and the Mainland China economy is likely to
grow at a rate above 6% with steadier progress and more balanced
development, there are uncertainties over the direction of global trade
agreements, and a number of key elections in Europe, in addition to
the continuing Brexit negotiations. At present, it seems that the most
likely outlook for the markets and businesses in which we operate is
one of relative stability. It is expected that US interest rates will rise,
in line with US economic recovery, and whilst in the medium term
that should be positive for banks, it is possible that there will be some
shorter term margin pressure, as funding costs move upwards. With
potential interest rate and currency volatility, there is also the risk that
local market liquidity conditions, which have been generally benign for
some time, could change.
In Hong Kong, economic growth is forecast to continue to be
moderate, although perhaps improving slightly, and unemployment is
forecast to remain low, which is generally positive for credit quality.
The outlook for the housing market is more uncertain, with current
high levels of both prices and demand balanced by likely mortgage
rate hikes and increases in property supply. The stabilization of
the Mainland economy has led to more steady credit quality for
our Mainland subsidiary in the recent past, and Macau looks set to
continue on a recovering path.
We are therefore taking a balanced view towards the year. Whilst
we think that there will be some opportunities for growth in our key
markets of Hong Kong, Mainland China and Macau, we also see
both global and local risks ahead of us, as well as the likelihood
that the volatile market conditions experienced over the past couple
of years could continue. We therefore intend to attempt to take
advantage of opportunities for growth that present themselves, whilst
monitoring closely key market and economic developments so that
the associated risks can be managed appropriately.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable
contribution and extend, on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to
all of our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past
year, and also our appreciation of the support from our customers and
shareholders.
David Shou-Yeh Wong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017