Chairman s Statement Economic conditions in Hong Kong in 2007 remained positive with continuing growth in GDP, as well as a fall in the unemployment rate during the year. In contrast, economic conditions in the US deteriorated in the second half of the year, particularly with more signs of stress in the US housing market, difficulties in the broader economy, and increased volatility in financial markets generally.
The economies of both the Mainland and Macau, our other core areas of business, also performed extremely well during the year, with GDP growth of approximately 11.4% for the Mainland, and 27% for Macau, although in the second half of the year, various cooling measures were introduced to contain the increasing rate of inflation and the rapid rate of economic growth in the Mainland.
The core business performance of the Group was strong, with both our banking and insurance businesses performing well.
However, due to impairment charges on our externally managed investment portfolio, profit attributable to shareholders for the year was down by 13% to HK$1,050 million, after adjusting for the exceptional gain on disposal of shares in Dah Sing Banking Group ( DSBG ) in 2006, or by 25% if such gain is 
Pre-impairment, performance was robust, with operating profit before impairment charges rising by 27% to HK$2,255 million. The pre-impairment operating profit from our banking business increased by 19% to HK$1,690 million, and the profit before tax of our insurance business grew 106% to HK$563 million for the year.
In April 2007, following the receipt of the relevant regulatory approvals, we completed the acquisition of a 17% shareholding in Chongqing Commercial Bank, which was subsequently renamed as Bank of Chongqing .
In March 2008, we announced that we had agreed to place 8,461,376 new shares in DSFH to our long term strategic shareholders The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd., a subsidiary of The Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group ( MUFG ) at HK$55.75 per share, raising proceeds of approximately HK$471 million for the Group, and increasing MUFG s shareholding to 15%. We also announced that we had entered into discussions with MUFG regarding closer business cooperation in key business areas.

Our separately listed banking subsidiary, DSBG, reported profit attributable to shareholders of HK$800 million, a decrease of 33% compared with the previous year. The decrease in earnings was attributable to the impairment charge against our externally managed leveragedstructured investment portfolio.
Excluding the impairment charge, our core banking business performed strongly, with total loan growth for the year of 21%, and a stronger non-interest income mainly due to higher wealth management contribution. Commercial banking led growth again during the year, after a number of years of strong expansion, whilst retail lending also grew, although at a less rapid pace. Our Macau business also reported a strong operating performance.

We have invested to expand our insurance business in recent years, with a particular focus on increasing our agency force during the course of the year. This additional focus and significantly higher investment returns assisted to deliver strong growth in the business and operating results during the year, and our businesses in Hong Kong and Macau together delivered exceptional results for the year, with a contribution to the Group s profit before tax of HK$563 million, an increase of 106% over the previous year. The total shareholders funds and embedded value of our insurance business in the Group s accounts amounted to around HK$2.45 billion at the end of the year, 24% higher than the balance at the end of 2006.
Board of Directors During the year, Mr. Eiichi Yoshikawa was appointed as a non- executive Director to represent the interest of The Bank of Tokyo- Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. in the Company, and Mr. Kosuke Furukawa retired from the Board.
I would like to welcome the new Directors to the Board and believe their expertise and extensive experience will be of great value to the Group. I would also like to express my gratitude to the departing Directors, for their valuable contribution during their tenure on the 
Economic data from the US is already indicating a significant slowdown in the world s largest economy. Whilst conditions in Hong Kong and Mainland China remain robust, with strong economic growth, it is inevitable that a slowdown or recession in the US will have an impact on the global economy, including Asia. Also, conditions in financial markets remain volatile.
We therefore intend to proceed cautiously in 2008, with due regard to how economic and business conditions develop over the course of the year. In the medium term we remain confident about economic prospects for the markets in which we operate, and look forward to continued growth.
Dah Sing Bank celebrated its 60th anniversary on 1 May 2007, an important milestone of the Group s development. Despite the current challenges facing the global economy, particularly in the US, we continue to believe that the medium and long term prospects of the Greater China region remain bright, and the foundation we have built over the years to expand in the region, to provide better services and products to our customers, will generate long-term value for our shareholders.
Finally, I would like to thank my fellow directors for their valuable contribution and extend on behalf of the Board, our appreciation to all our colleagues for their hard work and dedication over the past 
David Shou-Yeh Wong 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2008 