Chairman’s Statement
2016 was a year of adjustment for Sihuan Pharmaceutical, during which
the Group strengthened its internal control, consolidated its operational
fundamentals and sought advances built on stability.
In 2016, the pharmaceutical market faced challenges brought about by
regulatory adjustments. The control of medical expenses, reduction of the
tendering prices, and the “Two-invoice System” continued to put pressure
on the industry. Sihuan Pharmaceutical faced extra pressure and challenges
caused by competitors of its core product Kelinao. Despite that, the Group
adjusted its market strategies according to different changes and implemented
them effectively. It consolidated its market fundamentals, maintained steady
operations and achieved the operational goals it had set.
The Group achieved revenue of RMB3,186 million, representing a growth
of 0.6% compared to last year. Net profit attributable to shareholders was
RMB1,708 million, a reduction of 17.2% compared to 2015. Excluding a oneoff
investment gain, net profit grew 11.8% year-on-year.
According to IMS Health Incorporated (“IMS”), in 2016, Sihuan Pharmaceutical
maintained its number one position in China’s CCV prescription drug market
with a market share of 11.9% and ranked number four in the domestic hospital
market in terms of hospital purchases, affirming Sihuan Pharmaceutical’s
concrete foundation and leading position in the prescription drug market.
In 2016, following the principle of “solidifying our share of the high-end
market while vigorously expanding in the low-end market”, the Group’s sales
and marketing department achieved marked results through careful planning
and lean management. The sliding sales trend for the Group’s core products
was effectively curbed, with the decrease for Kelinao narrowed while Oudimei
rebounded. Sales for other major products, such as Yuanzhijiu, Yeduojia and
Danshen Chuanxiongqin injection, all re-entered positive territory or remained
stable. All this contributed to the recovery of the Group’s annual results. In
addition, the Group reinforced the marketing and sales system, by enhancing
the professionalism and marketing and sales capabilities of its sales staff. The
Group established departments of medical affairs, academic promotion and
pharmacovigilance that centered around the marketing and sales management
center. The Group also introduced the “SMART (specific, measurable,
achievable, realistic, and timed)” marketing analytical system, in the hope of
utilizing data analytics to pinpoint product market potential and targets, as well
as resources allocation, and, in turn, achieves an efficient market development.
During the period, the Group achieved encouraging progress in new drugs
R&D. Phase I clinical trials of innovative patent drug Pirotinib (哌 羅 替 尼)
in the U.S.A. and China progressed smoothly; Imigliptin Dihydrochloride (鹽
酸依格列汀) obtained approval for Phase II/III clinical trials and commenced
Phase II clinical trials. In addition, the Group obtained approvals for Phase I/
II/III clinical trials of Category 1.1 innovative patent drugs Sirotinib (賽羅替
尼) and Fadanafil (複達那非). To date, a total of eight Category 1.1 innovative
patent drugs of the Group have obtained clinical trial approvals and entered
various stages of clinical trials. Good progress was also achieved in generic
drugs R&D where the Group received 47 clinical trial approvals, of which 35
were for Category 3.1 new drugs. The Group maintained an ever-growing new
drug pipeline while its technology level kept reaching new heights. In 2016,
the Group received 13 national, provincial and municipal awards for its new
drug R&D, demonstrating recognition of the Group’s R&D capabilities from
government entities at all levels.
2016 was the year of advancing internal management. The Group’s production
quality management center was implementing systematic production
quality management in all production facilities of the Group, thereby not
only optimizing production management to ensure product quality, but
also efficiently controlling the cost of the production system. The Group’s
audit and compliance center successfully strengthened the Group’s internal
control by conducting audits of financial managment and internal controls
over its subsidiaries followed by rectification enforcement, making the
Group’s management more normative and rigorous. In addition, the Group
engaged an advisory team of Ernst & Young (“Ernst & Young”) to help Sihuan
Pharmaceutical complete the “Overall Risk Management Project”, and set up
a systematic risk management system so that the risk management mechanism
is normalized. In a word, the Group’s internal control achieved substantial
progress and overall improvements in 2016.
Since 2017, health reform in China has intensified. The government’s control
over excessive medical insurance expenditures are being strengthened. With
the launch of the new medical reimbursement price system, the nationwide
implementation of medicine mark-ups removal and “the second bargain”
system, drug prices are bound to fall much. Together with the implementation
of the “Two-invoice System”, the whole industry will face increasing pressure in
2017.
Pressure and opportunities always coexist. As it has been known to all, affected
by the trend of aging population, accelerated urbanization, environmental
pollution, and universal health coverage, the rigid demand in China’s
pharmaceutical market keeps growing. According to data from IMS, hospital
medical purchases increased by 8.1% in 2016, representing an obvious rising
trend compared with 2015, which shows that rigid demand of pharmaceutical
market is still the impetus of the industry’s development. Besides, the
continuous enhancement of industry barriers and strengthening of industry
supervision will further stimulate industry consolidation, which will continue
free up some market space and create some potential opportunities for
enterprises to grow stronger.
We are confident we can lead all our staff to face challenges and seize
opportunities. On the one hand, we shall take proper practical measures to
solve the current problems and difficulties, and overcome the industry hurdles.
On the other hand, we will get ready to make strategic adjustments for longterm
development. In 2017, we will continue our growth strategies of 2016,
stick to the goals we have set, work hard and push forward business growth at
a steady pace. At the same time, we will change our business ideas, explore new
business models, and further accumulate and optimize business resources to seek
new growth opportunities, and lay a solid foundation for long-term sustainable
development. We firmly believe that following a relatively difficult period for
the pharmaceutical industries, Sihuan Pharmaceutical will definitely win new
growth opportunities and a broader development capacity.
We must say that Sihuan Pharmaceutical’s development and success relies
on shareholders’ understanding and support. Sihuan Pharmaceutical’s steady
development cannot exist without all the staff’s dedication and unremitting
efforts. I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude for
the support and understanding of all shareholders and the public, as well as for
the dedication of the staff of Sihuan Pharmaceutical.
Dr. Che Fengsheng
Chairman of the Board
28 March 2017