CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Year 2016 was stunned by scenes of political turbulence around the globe. We have seen the rise of several
unexpected leaders from the world’s most influential economies and they were often associated with big waves in
the global financial markets on their occurrence. After all, people’s desire for changes was the driving force behind
these outcomes, but they gave place to a new normal phenomenon which often overturned past convention. United
Energy Group Limited (“United Energy” or the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries collectively “the
Group”) is an entity that always thinks beyond conventional realm, we must always revolve to get on top of the everchanging
commercial environment.
2016 Results Review
The upstream oil and gas sector encountered significant headwinds in 2016 caused by the downswing of
international oil prices. United Energy has navigated through these headwinds with the bearing in mind of
sustainable investment principles. The Group recorded net profit attributable to owners of the company for the year
ended 31 December 2016 (the “reporting period”) of approximately HK$965,008,000, compared to a net loss of
approximately HK$2,943,674,000 for the year ended 31 December 2015 (“last year”). The turnaround of financial
performance in 2016 was due to significantly lower impairment and written off losses as opposed to last year.
The slide of oil price has made a dent on turnover of the Group for the reporting period, declined by 22.4% to
approximately HK$4,061,024,000. This corresponded to 16.8% decline in the average Brent oil price for the same
comparative period. In addition, the increase in production mix of natural gas which had lower average selling price
per barrel of oil equivalent (“boe”) has resulted in lower revenue. To tackle the impact of low oil price environment,
the Group has maintained stable production and successfully implemented efficiency improvement and cost
optimization which have resulted in saving on both operating expenses and capital costs.
In spite of the widespread hardship encountered by the whole industry, the Group has demonstrated its resilience
and delivered strong net cash generated from operating activities of approximately HK$3,023,408,000 and a
healthy EBITDA of approximately HK$3,043,694,000. Our financial position was further strengthened by the open
offer that was completed in August 2016 where the Group successfully raised net proceeds of approximately
HK$2,584,098,000 from equity (“Open Offer”). Part of the net proceeds has been applied towards the repayment of
mature borrowings during the reporting period to bring down indebtedness in light of rising interest costs.
Pakistan Assets – the Resilient Operation Unit
The average daily net production of Pakistan Assets for the reporting period was in line with our targeted range of
62,000 to 66,000 boe, though slightly lower than Last Year. The Composite Average Sales Price Before Government
Take was US$24.9 per boe, decreased by 22.7% compared to last year. The oil and liquid ratio has further declined
to 10.8% as more gas was produced from our MKK blocks. Net 1P reserve added during the reporting period was
approximately 24.1 mmboe, representing a net 1P reserve replacement ratio of approximately 102%.
Being a leading investor in the upstream oil and gas sector in Pakistan, the Group has over the past 5 years invested
the most capital in exploration drilling and which in turn rendered the Group an accelerated production growth rate
that is far outpacing our peers in the local market. Year 2016 marked an important milestone as the Group embarked
on a paradigm shift of exploration strategy transitioning from conventional structure to technically challenging,
high-risked stratigraphic pools. During the reporting period, we drilled a total of 26 wells in Badin and MKK blocks,
comprising 17 exploration wells and 9 development wells. As a result, we have made a few important discoveries
and the learnings from these discoveries are useful for us to delineate our future exploration plan.
For surface work, we have installed a skid mounted amine plant with a capacity of 30 million cubic feet per day
(“mmcfd”) at our existing Bukhari facility in Badin. This plant was built to process high CO2
 gas from various Badin
fields to ensure on-specification gas sales to our customer. In addition, the Group has commenced a LPG plant
upgrade project in Naimat with an aim to increase its processing capacity from 50 to 100 mmcfd as well improving
the recovery factor from ~50% to ~95% via the construction of a turbo expander. The revamped LPG plant is
expected to complete in the second half of 2017.
Apart from investment in the exploration and development of our existing assets, we have been evaluating new
business development opportunities to grow the business. During the reporting period, we have pursued an
opportunity to farm in 50% working interest of the Kotri North block with Pakistan Petroleum Limited (“PPL”), a
national oil company of Pakistan. The Kotri North block provides acreage of approximately 2,400 square kilometers
and located adjacent to MKK block in the Sindh province. It provides exploration opportunities in the Lower Indus
Basin where the Group has achieved significant success and developed a deep understanding and expertise. The
Group will become operator of the block upon completion of the transaction.
Oilfield Supporting Services
International oil prices play an important role to the application of fireflood technology. The Group will closely
monitor the potential business risk of abated demand under weak international oil prices and seek potential business
cooperation.
Discontinued Business Segment – Liaohe EOR Project
The oil exploitation business segment has been operating under pressure amid low international oil prices. On
20 May 2016, the Group received a notice from China National Petroleum Corporation (“CNPC”) confirming and
agreeing to our proposed abandonment of the Liaohe EOR Project. We will continue to work with CNPC to finalize
the terms of the abandonment agreement in accordance with the EOR Contract.
Health, Safety and Environment (HSE)
The Group remains steadfast to its values of which the
commitment to HSE performance is a core principle.
Our business is conducted in a safe, efficient manner
with due regard to the interests of the diverse
stakeholders involved and affected by operations.
Compliance to HSE standards in the year 2016 was
exemplary and all performance objectives were
delivered. The Group continues to strive for excellence
in HSE and other disciplines in order to comply with
local as well as international standards.
Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR)
The Group take pride in operating as a responsible
corporate citizen. We have invested in a vibrant Social
Investment Programme because along with growing
our business, we care deeply about the well-being of
all our stakeholders, including the communities among
which we operate. Our CSR projects focus on three
strategic areas, including education, healthcare and
capacity building for sustainable and enhanced income
generation.
In 2016, our social investment projects continued
to set new milestones. Schools were built in remote
villages of interior Sindh in partnership with the
celebrated NGO The Citizen Foundation. 2016
witnessed the inauguration of a landmark health centre
devoted to combating maternal and infant mortality
and built a partnership with Aga Khan University. To
boost female literacy rates in remote areas, we funded
the construction of additional classrooms at a girls’
college in MKK. Dilapidated government schools
received financing for much needed repairs. Through
these interventions, we strive to enhance the living
standards of the local communities and leave a positive
legacy in the areas we work.
Outlook
Tremendous uncertainties are overhanging as we step into 2017. We see the emergence of trade protectionism and
radical policies changes from some of the world’s leading economies which try to re-shape a new playing field for
themselves, but intensifying tension with other nations. In addition, the hike of interest rate on US dollar borrowings
is weighing on firms’ finance cost, especially if interest rate escalates too fast. While the Group’s operation is mainly
located in South Asia, we have to take on a broader view to take into accounts of these risks elements alongside our
expansion plan.
International oil prices have always been an exogenous risk factor for upstream operators that we have seen even
some of the largest international oil companies are incapable of curtaining off the price slump in last year with their
financial performance being substantially hindered. For the 2017 oil price outlook, following the implementation of
supply cut by Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (“OPEC”) and non-OPEC participating countries,
and coupled with a high level of conformity in January 2017, it is very likely to support an average Brent oil price of
above US$50 per boe if the high conformity level can be maintained. In addition, it is going to be a a new impetus
for international oil price if the participating countries agree to further extend the supply cut period to the second
half of 2017.
While we are unable to control an exogenous factor, the Group has delineated a clear plan to achieve our targets for
2017. We target to maintain average daily net production in the range of 62,000 to 63,000 barrels of oil equivalent
(“boe”). 1P reserve replacement ratio is projected to be about 100%. In order to achieve the production and reserve
replacement ratio targets, the Group have identified a total of 32 drilling locations for the Pakistan operation in
2017.
The demand for energy in Pakistan is expected to grow stronger on the backdrop of faster economic growth.
Despite the government’s effort to close the supply gap deficit in recent years by increasing infrastructure for the
import of liquefied natural gas (“LNG”), domestically produced natural gas has its absolute advantage comparing
to imported LNG. The Group, being one of the largest independent producers in the country with over 80% of its
proven reserve in natural gas, is in an advantageous position to capture this supply deficit.
Our 2017 exploration drilling campaign focuses on expanding the stratigraphic play and other new play types in the
sands of Cretaceous age both in Badin and MKK blocks. The new play tests are essential for the Group to sustain our
long-term growth strategies. We will ride on the past success and learning to target significant reserve adds especially
through the stratigraphic plays. Upon completion of the Kotri North block transaction, we will roll out aggressive
exploration plan including the drilling of 2 exploration wells in 2017.
The Group has clear merger and acquisition (“M&A”) principles and only targets selected high quality assets that
suit our requirements. Riding on our successful M&A model in the past and the existing operation track record with
the heritage of an international standard of HSE, experienced management and technical teams, the Group can
rapidly replicate its past success in any new takeover. In 2017, more resources will be deployed to this area to seize
suitable opportunities globally so as to broaden our asset portfolio.
Our M&A strategies are well supported by the strong cash reserve. As at 31 December 2016, the Group’s bank
and cash balances amounted to approximately HK$5,850 million, an increase of 170.6% from last year. During the
reporting period, the Group has significantly de-levered its financial position through repayment of the SGD100
million medium term notes and several bank loans, thus bringing total borrowings down to HK$3,269 million as at
31 December 2016, representing 28.6% decrease from last year.
In the past few years, United Energy’s rapid development in Pakistan not only made a contribution to alleviate the
energy crisis in Pakistan, but also enhance friendship, economic cooperation and cultural exchange between China
and Pakistan. Chinese government and Pakistan government highly valued and appreciated the important role of
the Group in the economic cooperation between China and Pakistan and gave utmost support to the Group in
terms of business development. The Group expands its success in the “China-Pakistan Economic Corridor” and to
promote oil and gas projects to be incorporated in the corridor planning. The Group also searches for oil and gas
exploration assets and other cooperative opportunities in Pakistan in order to create synergy to the overall business
of the Group.
Riding on the “Belt and Road” strategic development of Chinese government, the Group targets on new oil and gas
exploration and development projects in those countries covered by the “Belt and Road” policy, strive to accelerate
business development and eye on new growth and in-depth regional cooperation opportunities. New acquisitions
can also diverse geographical concentration of our assets and revenue base in order to achieve risk diversification.
Nevertheless, profit contribution and growth opportunity remain to be the key elements in our evaluation process.
In 2016, volatile international oil prices and market conditions have affected the Group’s different business
segments. Nonetheless, the Group has demonstrated its resilience and ability to navigate through these headwinds
in a sustainable manner while maintaining a strong balance sheet with a healthy level of debt and liquidity. Looking
into 2017, international oil prices are expected to recover if OPEC and non-OPEC countries continue to firmly
comply with their supply cut commitment. The Group will maintain a stable production level and have a clear plan
to invest in the Pakistan Assets to unlock its potentials. In addition, the Group has been actively evaluating and
pursuing suitable opportunities to expand our asset portfolio to bring growth and sustainability to our shareholders.
I, on behalf of the Board, would like to thank all the shareholders and investors for their continued support, in
particular to the Open Offer that was completed in the end of August 2016. I would also like to extend my gratitude
to all the employees for their hard work and contribution for the year past.
Zhang Hong Wei
Chairman
20 March 2017