Year 2015 is a challenging year for upstream energy companies. The international commodity market volatility and the sharp decline in oil prices have brought tremendous challenge to operators in the industry. However, United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) or ( United Energy ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) continued to execute the reliable operation + rapid growth business strategy. The Group has leveraged on the unique characteristics of its oil and gas operations to consolidate its position as a major oil and gas exploration and production company in the region. For the year ended 31 December 2015 (the reporting period ), both production and sales volume of the Group recorded satisfactory growth. Together with the effective implementation of cost optimization measures, these contributions helped to reduce the impact of decline oil prices.
Pakistan Assets continued to achieve considerable growth with average daily net production of approximately 64,464 boed, increased by 36.9% compared to the year ended 31 December 2014 ( Last Year ), contributed by new oil and gas discoveries as well as increased production capacity.
Taking the same stance as our peers, financial performance of the Group was affected by the macroeconomic environment and weak international oil prices. Nevertheless, the Group s EBITDA, which does not take into account of the impairment and written off losses, was approximately HK$4,044,047,000, only decreased slightly by 5.8% from Last Year. Impacted by the impairment and written off losses in relation to the Liaohe Enhancing Oil Recovery Project ( Liaohe EOR Project ) in China and the dry and non-producing wells of Pakistan Assets, the Group reported a net loss attributable to the owners of the Company of approximately HK$2,943,674,000 for the reporting period as compared to a profit of approximately HK$1,827,887,000 in Last Year.
The Group s turnover for the reporting period was approximately HK$5,417,885,000, representing a decrease of 11.5% as compared with Last Year. The decline in turnover was mainly attributable to lower realised oil prices. For the year ended 31 December 2015, Net 1P reserve during the reporting period was 106.9 mmboe, represented 3.9% decrease as compared to Last Year. The decline in reserve was mainly caused by the fall in oil prices which has affected the commerciality of oil reserve for the Liaohe EOR Project. Notwithstanding, reserves of Pakistan Assets continued to record encouraging growth.
Production volume and reserves of Pakistan Assets achieved steady growth In 2015, through the efforts of our management and staff, the Pakistan Assets has successfully implemented an intensive exploration and development programme and achieved good results. The production scale has significantly improved with expanded operation and increased productivity. The Pakistan Assets average daily net production grew by 36.9% to approximately 64,464 boed during the reporting period, with an oil and liquids ratio of 22.4%. As at 31 December 2015, Net 1P reserve stood at 95.0 mmboe, with Net 1P reserve added during the reporting period amounted to 34.4 mmboe, representing a net 1P reserve replacement ratio of 146%.
Construction of the Naimat Phase 5 gas processing plant which consisted of two phases was duly completed in mid-2015, additional 160 mmcfd production capacity was added to the MKK Blocks and thus contributed to the remarkable increase in production in the second half of 2015. Construction speed of Naimat Phase 5 also marked an industrial record in Pakistan as the plant only took 13 months from planning and design, construction to completion and commencement of production. For the reporting period, the average daily net production for MKK Blocks has risen by 74.3% to 42,770 boed from Last Year. The Group will continue to keep its strategic focus on the exploration and development activities of the huge potential MKK block which will become a major source of growth for the Group in the future. This will also be conducive to the implementation of the Group s business plan in the MKK 
Pakistan has faced severe energy shortage starting from 2010. Oil and gas accounted for over 80% of Pakistan s energy supply market. Current local production of oil and gas has far failed to meet the demand. In this connection, the government has a variety of incentives to encourage investment in oil and gas resources industry and has to devote substantial resources in the energy infrastructure sector. The Group, being one of the largest foreign energy companies in Pakistan with solid and reputed brand in the country, will accelerate its development pace to achieve steady growth in both production and reserves in the coming years. The Group continues to search for quality projects and opportunities to fully make use of its advantage in the sector.
Abandonment of Liaohe eoR Project This operation encountered significant challenges during 2015 as international oil price plummeted to historical low. Realised oil price sinked by 45.3% to US$46.4 boe during the reporting period, directly contributed to the segmental loss. Under the adverse economic condition of 2015, average daily net production for the Liaohe EOR Project was 1,434 bbld, declined by 21.2% compared with Last Year which was in line with our strategic reduction in 
Impacted by the dramatic decline of international oil prices in 2015, the Group has strategically scaled down its capital investment for production and re-assessed the corresponding economic benefits under low oil prices.
Taking into consideration of the current state of macro environment, the capital investment required and the economic return brought by the Liaohe EOR Project, the Board resolved that it is in the interest of the Group and its Shareholders to abandon the Liaohe EOR Project and direct resources to other core and potential businesses which can produce better returns. Therefore, on 23 February 2016, the Group issued a notice to China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ), joint venture partner of the Liaohe EOR Project, to propose the abandonment of the Liaohe EOR Project. Accordingly, all of the non-current assets of Liaohe EOR Project were impaired in accordance with terms of the EOR contract and relevant financial reporting standards. The impairment represents accounting entries in the financial statements only and they do not have material impact on the cash flow position of the Company.
oilfield supporting services International oil prices play an important role to the application of fireflood technology. The Group will closely monitor the potential business risk of abated demand under weak international oil prices and seek potential business 
Health, safety and environment (Hse) The Group remains steadfast to its values, of which the commitment to health, safety and environmental (HSE) performance is a core principle. All business is conducted in a safe, efficient manner with due regard to the interests of the diverse stakeholders involved and affected by operations. Compliance to HSE standards in the year 2015 was exemplary and all performance objectives were delivered. The Group continues to strive for excellence in HSE and other disciplines in order to remain at par with local as well as international standards.
Corporate social Responsibility The Group prides itself on its commitment to Corporate Social Responsibility. Along with meeting business objectives and production targets, the Group remains true to its underlying principles of operating as a conscientious 
The business strives to create a win-win situation for itself as well as local stakeholders, which include the government and local communities residing in our concession areas. The three strategic areas that are targeted through the Group allocated social investment funds are Healthcare, Education and Capacity building for sustainable and enhanced income generation. While Pakistan s economy received the much-needed energy to fuel its progress in 2015, the local communities in our areas of operations also benefited from sustainable social investment projects.
The year 2015 witnessed some landmark projects being initiated and delivered by the Group some of these include schools made and managed in partnership with The Citizens Foundation, delivery of environmentally friendly solutions to facilitate access to potable water through solar powered water pumps in far flung and arid corners of our concessions and initiating a partnership with the credible Aga Khan Medical University to fund a landmark health center at MKK. The Group aims to be an agent of development and progress where it operates. There is a conscious effort to create a positive footprint in areas where we operate.

As one of the major upstream oil and gas corporations listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Group continues to search for opportunities to acquire and expand in the global oil and gas market. This, together with aggressive exploration and development of existing assets, will maximize returns for the shareholders. The Group possesses a professional team of employees and high-graded sustainable exploration and development assets. Net cash generated from operating activities during 2015 amounted to approximately HK$3.43 billion. With bank and cash balances of approximately HK$2.16 billion at the end of 2015, it should provide us with a solid foundation for outbound acquisitions. Together with the co-operation agreement of US$5 billion with China Development Bank, the Group can make use of this strong financial support to expand its asset base and operations, thereby achieving the best returns for shareholders.
As of early 2016, Brent oil prices dived further and the short term outlook of crude oil prices would remain weak through 2016 as supply still outpaces demand and global oil inventory continues to build up. Under this environment, the Group will adopt a stable output strategy and shift our focus towards building up oil reserve to cater for recovery of international oil market. For 2016, the Pakistan Assets average daily net production is projected to be in the range of 62,000 to 66,000 boed, which is about the same level as 2015. 1P reserve replacement ratio of the Pakistan Assets is expected to be between 110% and 130%.
The Group will continue to implement cost optimisation measures to cautiously monitor its capital expenditure and operating expenses through measures such as optimisation of well design and drilling efficiencies, fine-tuning of operation workflows, and improving procurement management. These measures will further strengthen the Group s cost structure and enhance its competitiveness to cope with low oil prices.
In the past few years, United Energy s rapid development in Pakistan not only made a contribution to alleviate the energy crisis in Pakistan, but also enhance friendship, economic cooperation and cultural exchange between China and Pakistan. Chinese government and Pakistan government highly valued and appreciated the important role of the Group in the economic cooperation between China and Pakistan and gave utmost support to the Group in terms of business development. The Group expands its success in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor and to promote oil and gas projects to be incorporated in the corridor planning. The Group also searches for oil and gas exploration assets and other cooperative opportunities in Pakistan in order to create synergy to the overall business of the Group.
Riding on the Belt and Road strategic development of Chinese government, the Group targets on new oil and gas exploration and development projects in those countries covered by the Belt and Road policy, strive to accelerate business development and eye on new growth and in-depth regional cooperation opportunities. New acquisitions can also diverse geographical concentration of our assets and revenue base in order to achieve risk diversification.
2015 has been a challenging year for all upstream oil and gas operators. The Group has undergone an uphill fight to deliver satisfactory results to our stakeholders, but inevitably encountered a year of retreat in financial performance as hindered by weak oil prices in the international market. Nevertheless, the Group continued to achieve strong production output, made several important discoveries in the Pakistan Assets and maintained a strong financial position. Despite the challenges ahead, we still hold a cautiously optimistic view on the outlook of the upstream oil and gas industry. The Group will adopt a stable output strategy for 2016 and cautiously monitor its cost structure to stay competitive. I, on behalf of the Board, would like to thank all the shareholders and investors for their continued support and all the employees for their contribution to the Group. We will uphold our promise to deliver sustainable growth and returns to our stakeholders.
Zhang Hong Wei 
8 March 2016 