In the year 2011, global economy remained shaky.
In spite of political instability in Middle East and North Africa, natural disasters and man-made calamities in different countries, it was a year of breakthrough to United Energy Group.
Since the implementation of reliable operation + rapid expansion strategy, United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) aimed at being a world-class oil and gas enterprise with growth potential, uniqueness and competitive advantage over its counterparts. The Group adopted a prudent manner in asset management and operation, in order to deliver returns to shareholders as well as investors. In the 2011 annual results, it shed lights on the strategy s success. The Group recorded an increase of 38 times in turnover to HK$876 million as compared to previous year, which is mainly contributed by the Pakistan assets which was acquired in last September. Gross profit amounted HK$135 million, whilst profit attributable to shareholders rose from HK$112 million to HK$531 million, amounted to an increment of 3.7 times. Proven by the results, the Group s strategy was a vigorous and visionary one. It also gave lots of encouragement to the members of the Group.
With the completion the acquisition of BP s assets on September 16, 2011, the Group was ranked as the fourth upstream oil and gas company, after the three State Owned Enterprises, in terms of daily production. Currently, the Group produces over 26,000 barrel oil equivalent per day, representing an increase of 70 times from financial year 2010. It also marks a milestone of the Group for being developed into a major energy enterprise.
Upon the invitation by Pakistan s Prime Minister Mr. Yusuf Raza Gilani, we led a business delegation to the country from 16 19 June 2011, and received a warm welcome from the Pakistan Government. During the visit, the delegation met with Pakistan s President, Prime Minister, the Minister of oil, the Minister of finance, Director of the State administration of taxation and some higher officials, and conducted some in-depth discussions on topics such as friendship and business activities between two countries, as well as latest development of our upstream assets as well as investment opportunities. We had a fruitful dialogue with the senior officials of Pakistan.
Regarding the Group s Enhanced Oil Recovery ( EOR ) project in Liaohe, we were surprised by the production and efficiencies of fireflood technology applied on the oil field. The allocated oil to the Group has been increase from 350 barrels per day in 2010 to 761 barrels per day in average. As at 23 March 2012, net share to our Group amounted 1,100 barrels on single day basis. The Group planned to accelerate the process to convert the existing wells into fireflood well set this year, in order to propel the daily production as well as recovery rate of the asset.
With an aspiration to bring fireflood technology to the forefront of the world, the Group s subsidiary, Universe Oil and Gas (China) LLC, deployed series of on-site experiments in the past two years to ensure the technology is efficient, effective and safe, and now registered several patents on related aspect. During the financial year 2011, we gained some achievements on the three oil service support contracts managed for PetroChina, namely Du 66, Leng 37 and Bai 92. For example, the construction works of 24 fireflood well sets in Du 66 had been started, and 2 sets of fireflood well were completed during the Period. 10 out of 24 well sets are expected to be completed this year, and the rest is targeted to commence operation in 2013. For Leng 37 Block, it was started ignition in December, marking a breakthrough of applying fireflood technology on oilfield with light oil, whereas Bai 92 had been put into 
During the Period, turnover derived from oilfield supporting services amounted to HK$57.24 million, representing an increase of 156% from the previous year.
The Group believed that the gloomy economic condition in Europe will create rooms for mergers and acquisitions activities. As such, the quality and choices of assets, or bargaining power would remain with the buyers, as compared to the pleasant economy in the past.
Gliding into the year 2012, the Group will continue its reliable operation + rapid expansion strategy to drive our Pakistan asset to attain a higher production rate, lower operating cost as well as enhance the profitability at the same time. We also planned to accelerate the exploration progress so as to achieve a higher reserves level for the Group. Moreover, the Group will allocate more resources on R&D of fireflood technology applied on Liaohe Oilfield to enhance the efficiency of oil recovery rate. As a result, the Group will enjoy a higher profit margin. Meanwhile, through the cooperation agreement with the China Development Bank, we have access to funding of US$5 billion for acquiring good quality assets overseas, strengthening the Group s portfolio as well as position in the energy industry, leading the Group towards its goal to become a world-class oil and gas enterprise with growth potential, uniqueness and competitive advantage.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their steadfast support in the past year.
We also owed it to our dedicated and professional management team and staff in Hong Kong, China, Singapore and Pakistan for the achievements we made during the year and we hope to be able to continue to count on their devotion to take our business to new heights in the years ahead. Our concerted efforts will enable us to seize any opportunities that promise to deliver greater returns for our shareholders.
ZHANG Hong Wei 
29 March 2012 