On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to submit the annual report of United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the 9 months ended 31 December 2009.

The financial year-end date of the Company has been changed from 31 March to 31 December commencing from the financial year 2009. Accordingly, the current financial period will cover the 9-month period from 1 April 2009 to 31 December 2009. During the 9 months ended 31 December 2009, the Group turnover increased 390.3% to approximately HK$25.? million. Loss attributable to shareholders was approximately HK$61.5 million, representing a 88.8% decrease from the loss attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$550.? million for the 12 months ended 31 March 2009. This result is reflected in the basic loss per share which were 0.48 HK cents compared with the basic loss per share of 4.31 HK cents for the 12 months ended 31 March 2009.

During the period under review, the Group was mainly engaged in upstream oil and natural gas business, including exploitation, development, production of crude oil and natural gas, also patented technologies supporting services to oilfields and property investment and management in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ).
Oil PrOductiOn Business During the period under review, we have successfully completed the work program of the pilot test of the Gaosheng project and achieved the anticipated testing results. An Enhanced Oil Recovery Development Plan ( EOR Plan ) has been formulated according to the pilot test results and has been endorsed by China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ).
The EOR Plan has passed the environmental assessment and has been submitted to the National Development and Reform Commission for approval. Upon their approval, Gaosheng EOR project will advance to the development and 
The EOR Plan employs fireflood technology, and is the first onshore, industrialized, large-scale fireflood project in China.
The resources of heavy oil and asphalt in China are account for approximately more than 20% of China s total oil resources.
The fireflood technology uses approximately 10% of ultimately non-extracted crude oil that will be burnt underground in order to improve the pressure and properties and enhance the oil recovery rate in turn. It is the most economical and effective method of EOR technology employed in current conditions. Because there is no additional energy expenditure, fireflood technology is considered to be highly cost effective within thermal oil technologies.
The second phase of Gaosheng project Development Period will be commenced. During the Development Period, operations will be carried out for the realization of enhancing the oil recovery for any reservoir or payzone within the relevant area, including design, drilling, construction, installation, specific EOR operations and the related research work and production activities. The development costs for such operations shall be borne by CNPC and the Group in the proportion of 30% by CNPC and 70% by the Group. The Group believes when the EOR Plan is constantly moving forwards, the Group should achieve the goal in EOR and should acquire an excellent economic benefits.
Oilfield suPPOrting services Business Upon the acquisition of oilfield supporting services business, the Group is able to significantly expand its scope of oil field services technology. Currently, the three contracted service areas are being expanded and new service projects are being explored. During the period under review, the oilfield supporting services business contributed an income of approximately HK$25.? million to the Group.
PrOPerty letting and ManageMent Business During the period under review, whole period of rent free continue granted to the tenant to repair work which had to be carried out on the property in relation to a defective fire protection system. As such, the Property Letting and Management Business did not contribute any income to the Group during the period under review.

The global economic conditions are stabilizing, especially the PRC economy has showed obviously rebound, and improvements in economies have begun around the world. While the global energy demand increases, the Group is well positioned financially and strongly supported by its shareholders to take advantage of it to develop its upstream oil and natural gas business.
In order to support our business expansion, the Group has acquired an oilfield supporting services business which can provide patented technologies supporting services to oil fields. The oilfield supporting services business will gradually contribute income to the Group in the future.
Leveraging our relationships with major Chinese Energy & Petroleum ( E&P ) players and actively pursuing appropriate mergers and acquisitions opportunities, the Group s management strives to create higher value to its shareholders.

In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group. I must also thank our staff for their efforts and dedication. Our people are the backbone of our Company and the architects of our future.
As a Group, we remain committed to building China s largest independent E&P business for the benefit of our shareholders, staff and business associates.

26 April 2010 