Chairman s Statement The year 2013 was a critical one for Sihuan Pharmaceutical. Our ability to respond to policy changes and market competition was tested, requiring Sihuan Pharmaceutical to tap the synergies from consolidating several acquired companies. Backed by our strong marketing capabilities and excellent integration capabilities, Sihuan Pharmaceutical overcame the challenges and also grew bigger and stronger with a more solid foundation. In 2013, we reaped the fruits of our labor, achieving rapid financial growth and outstanding operational results. These achievements reflected the success of our previous expansion strategy, which brought us more diversified and balanced revenue sources and reinforced our market leading position. On top of that, we achieved breakthroughs in our research and development for both innovative and generic drugs, ensuring that our strong growth momentum will be sustained in the 
In 2013, the Group s revenue surged 55.6% to RMB4.7 billion, while profit attributable to owners of the Company jumped 44.1% to RMB1.3 billion.
Our two core products, Kelinao and Oudimei, recorded a sharp rebound in their sales contribution. Our promising products were able to sustain their rapid sales growth, and mature products also performed well, with its extensive product portfolio contributing to our balanced growth. According to IMS Health Incorporated ( IMS ), our market share in the CCV drug market reached 9.3%, making Sihuan Pharmaceutical the fourth largest pharmaceutical enterprise in the PRC hospital market in terms of hospital 
Encouraging results were also seen in the R&D of new drugs, which are the interim outcomes of our ongoing investment of immense resources into building an industry-leading platform for innovative and generic drug development.
The success of these efforts was evident in a number of major breakthroughs in 2013. After receiving approval for clinical trials for Category 1.1 New Drug Benapenem towards the end of 2012, we received approval for clinical trials for Category 1.1 New Drug Imiglitin Dihydrochloride and Anaprazole Sodium in February and July this year respectively. So far, Sihuan Pharmaceutical has obtained such approval for five Category 1 innovative drugs. With regard to generic drug development, in addition to receiving production approval for our exclusive first-to-market generic drug Roxatidine and Category 3.1 New Drug Nalmefene, we have already filed applications for production approval for over 20 drugs, which are expect to be granted within several coming years. We expect to begin launching key patented innovative drugs from 2016 onwards, with four to five of them expected to reach the market between 2016 and 2020.
Cooperation with international companies involving R&D of innovative drugs broke new ground. We have established cooperation with Netherland s to-BBB technologies B.V. on the development of brain-target innovative drugs and commenced the R&D process. At the same time we are at the negotiation stage with other international companies. These measures will help ensure that Sihuan Pharmaceutical s R&D is aligned with international standards, and is ahead of its domestic peers.
In 2013, Sihuan Pharmaceutical finished upgrading all its production facilities in compliance with the new Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) standards.
All the sterile preparation production companies and facilities of Sihuan Pharmaceutical are certified under the new GMP standard. Leveraging the opportunities from the Chinese government s implementation of the new GMP standards in the country, we finished building our production and R&D system with a total gross floor area of over 300,000 square meters, which marks the largest-scale construction in our history.
As market competition intensified in 2013, we introduced flexibility in our sales and marketing by deploying different marketing strategies for our various core products. We stepped up academic promotion for promising products, and conducted clinical studies, which were recognized by the market, for our core products Kelinao and Oudimei, to reinforce their market leadership position and increase market penetration. Meanwhile, our mature products maintained sound growth as we benefited from successful development into the low-end market.
The year 2013 was a bountiful period filled with achievements for Sihuan Pharmaceutical. Our remarkable results for the year not only represented our success in integrating our acquired companies, but also once more demonstrated our marketing prowess, as well as its balanced and growing revenue stream on the back of a more diversified product portfolio. As a result, this has given us greater resilience against policy changes and market competition, and has the strength to grow even further and stronger.
As we continue to develop, Sihuan Pharmaceutical has put in place a clearer development strategy as well as effective business strategies which are more in sync with market trends. In terms of our development focus, we will continue to concentrate on product development and diversification. In terms of operations, we will continue to be nimble in adapting to policy changes and the changing market environment, to turn challenges into opportunities. In terms of product strategy, we will continue to build a sustainable product pipeline focusing on exclusive proprietary drugs in major therapeutic areas through R&D, cooperative development, M&As, licensing, etc. These clear and focused strategies have strengthened Sihuan Pharmaceutical and turned us into a market leader, not only in terms of market share but also in terms of our extensive portfolio of products with distinctive attributes among industry peers.
Looking ahead, China will remain the fastest-growing pharmaceutical market in the world. However, despite the rising inelastic demand in the pharmaceutical market, the development of this industry still faces challenges with policy changes and intense market competition, along with the deepening of healthcare 
In this context, Sihuan Pharmaceutical as an innovative pharmaceutical company endowed with rich product resources of exclusive and proprietary drugs and strong capabilities in sales and marketing, R&D and resource integration - is poised to capture opportunities for development from industrial consolidation, and to achieve sustainable development going forward.
I have full confidence in Sihuan Pharmaceutical s future development, as we have established an effective operating system and a solid business foundation.
I firmly believe that we are poised for a new era of development and will be able to achieve stable and sustainable growth in the long run. We are making strides towards achieving our goal of becoming the most competitive Chinese pharmaceutical company and developing a global reputation for excellence.
Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 10 March 2014 