Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to submit the Annual Report of United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 March 2009.

During the year ended 31 March 2009, the Group turnover increased 6% to approximately HK$5.18 million. Loss attributable shareholders was approximately HK$550 million, representing a ??2% increase over the approximately HK$101 million for the year ended 31 March 2008. This result is reflected in the basic loss per share which were ?.31 HK cents compared with 0.8? HK cents for the year ended 31 March 2008.

During the year under review, the Group was mainly engaged in property investment and management and oil and gas business in the PRC with focus on oil and gas.
PRoPERTy DEVELoPmENT BUSINESS To focus on the oil and gas business, the Board decided to disposal of the property development business. The completion of the disposal in January 2009 and realized a gain of approximately HK$36 million. The disposal could further improve the Group s financial position and the working capital condition.
PRoPERTy LETTINg aND maNagEmENT BUSINESS During the year under review, half year of rent free granted to the tenant to repair work which had to be carried out on the property in relation to a defective fire protection system. However, the property letting and management business still contributed an income of approximately HK$5.18 million to the Group.
oIL PRoDUcTIoN BUSINESS In the financial year of 2009, even though being faced with snow storm, severe earthquake, and global financial crisis, the company is still developing steadily. With the effort of the Company, the pilot tests have pushed forward as planned and achieved the anticipated results.
We have completed one overhaul well; completed the final phases of Gao 3 gas injection station and #17 metering station; completed the construction of the gas injection, water supply, and waste water pipeline for the ?8 th coal boiler; purchased 9 air compressors and installed 5 of them with associated construction; steam injection of the year for the steam flood process was 151.3 thousand cubic feet; and lit 6 wells for the fire flood process. Each item in the overall budget has been implemented, and accounting for the addition of fire flood pilot testing, RMB??.39 million has been saved in the overall annual budget.
The rising cost of oil presented a challenge for the cost control of our steam flood pilot test. In response, we have on the one hand, improved the composition of fuel in our steam flood pilot tests by employing coal boilers to conserve fuel costs; and implemented the new oil displacement technique of CO2 plus steam section plug. On the other hand, we have begun experimenting with the new fire flood oil extraction technology, expanding from 3 wells in the beginning of the year to 6 wells in total.
Pilot test results indicate that both steam flood and fire flood are effective in enhancing oil recovery. From the perspective of costs, despite various attempts, we were only able to make small reductions in the cost of fuel for the steam flood process. In comparison, the fire flood process exhibits much advantage in this regard. Due to the limited time of fire flood pilot tests, we have applied for a half year extension of testing time to obtain more sufficient and comprehensive testing data. However, without a doubt, the fire flood method will be the prevailing choice for overall development plan in the future.

The global financial crisis amid increased uncertainties in the global economic environment, the Directors still hold a positive view regarding the prospect of the oil and gas market in the world within the next few decades, therefore, the Group will continue and enhance its existing oil resources business.
Leveraging our relationships with major Chinese E&P players, the Group will continue to expand into new markets internationally, targeting areas such as Central Asia and Southeast Asia. We will also maintain our aggressive growth strategy of acquiring reserves and increasing production through both organic and merger and acquisition 
In 2009, the Group will continue to explore new investment opportunities around the world, hoping to further expand the Group s scale, widen its asset base and increase its profitability through merger and acquisitions, with the aim to bring stable, long-term high returns to our shareholders.

In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group. I must also thank our staff for their efforts and dedication. Our people are the backbone of our Company and the architects of our future.
As a Group, we remain committed to building China s largest independent E&P business for the benefit of our shareholders, staff and business associates.

3 July 2009 