Chairman s Statement In 2014, Sihuan Pharmaceutical maintained steady growth momentum in spite of challenges arising in China s pharmaceutical market. It is the fourteenth consecutive year that we have achieved positive growth, thanks to our strengthened overall capabilities contributed by our abundant product resources, flexible sales and marketing strategies and sound business foundation.
Our sustainable growth mirrors our resilience in coping with different market situations and also demonstrates the strong fundamentals we have been sculpting for years.
During the Year, net profit for the Group reached RMB1.67 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 30.1%. Our core products, Oudimei and Kelinao, and our promising products, Yuanzhijiu, Yeduojia, Danshen Chuanxiongqin, achieved strong sales growth. According to IMS Health Incorporated ( IMS ), Sihuan Pharmaceutical remained the leader in China s CCV prescription drug market with its market share growing to 11.0% in 2014, ranked first.
During the Year, the Group again achieved breakthroughs in R&D for innovative drugs, with the Group s self-developed Category 1.1 anti-diabetic new drug Janagliflozin s clinical trial application being accepted by the CFDA.
Tylerdipine Hydrochloride, another innovative drug, has received approval from the CFDA for clinical trial. To date, Sihuan Pharmaceutical has filed applications for clinical trial for eight Category 1.1 innovative drug applications, of which five were approved. Additionally, the IND application for Pirotinib (Tf<) to the U.S. FDA has also been accepted. The drug has entered clinical trial and the first patient enrollment in the U.S. has been completed, marking a milestone for Sihuan Pharmaceutical s internationalization.
With regards to generic drugs, the number of applications filed has been increasing. We have filed applications for 27 drugs to be approved for production and over 70 generic drugs are under development, among which 22 are Category 3 new drugs. In addition to in-house R&D, we achieved milestone developments in our collaboration with well-known research institutions. The Group s product pipeline has further improved in terms of technical prowess and volume through collaboration with Chongqing Peg-Bio Biotechnology Co., Ltd with the development of five insulin products.
In regard to strategic investments, the Group has not only entered into a share acquisition and capital injection agreement with Beijing Ruiye Drugs Manufacture Co. Ltd. ( Beijing Ruiye ) to obtain priority in the marketing and distribution of all products it manufactures, but has also commenced indirect investments in Huaiyin Hospital of Huai an City and Nanjing Jiangbei People s Hospital through Renfang Medical Holdings Ltd. ( Renfang ), a joint venture between the Group, NHPEA IV Health Holding B.V. (formerly known as MSPEA Health Holding B.V.) ( NHPEA IV Health ) and Euromax Holdings Limited ( Euromax ), and direct investment in Beijing Boren Hospital, signaling a proactive attempt to enter the hospital service business in the hopes of safeguarding gains from both long-term investment and operational 
After the upgrading and certification of the new Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) standards, the Group s production facilities have been operating smoothly. Our quality control and management system has been further enhanced to boost product quality.
In 2014, headwinds such as tender delays and tightened medical insurance spending at hospitals have contributed to market instability. In view of this, by leveraging its diversified product portfolio and flexible sales and marketing strategies, the Group maintained strong growth momentum in its overall business. Our capability to deliver outstanding performance even at times of difficulties demonstrates our long standing efforts and vision through all these years, and we have continued to use our unique sales and marketing model to hone our sales and marketing capabilities, and accumulated product resources through mergers and acquisitions and R&D while driving our R&D efforts forward for stronger product pipelines. The hard work that spanned over a decade has ensured our leadership position in the Chinese pharmaceutical market and strengthened our foundation for future development.
Looking ahead to 2015, the pharmaceutical industry will face its greatest challenge since China s healthcare reforms. With reforms in drug prices not yet launched and in-depth structural reforms in the medical institution system around the corner, further aggravated by the tightening of the refund policy for medical insurance and unstable tender policy. However, rigid demand, the root and real driver of China s pharmaceutical industry, is still powering its growth, which will inevitably push forward market consolidation and concentration.
As such, we firmly believe that only those pharmaceutical companies equipped with integrated advantages will continue to flourish in the long run.
Moving forward against this backdrop, Sihuan Pharmaceutical will be actively seeking opportunities in this wave of market consolidation for breakthroughs in strategic investments, while reinforcing its current business. Confronted with the changes in the market and government policies, the Group will make timely adjustments to its sales and marketing strategies in order to maintain strong sales and marketing capabilities and to fully exploit opportunities for existing products in return. The Group will also ramp up investment in R&D and speed up product industrialization in the hopes of complementing its existing product pipeline for stable and sustainable growth.
I am fully confident in Sihuan Pharmaceutical s ability to achieve its 2015 full- year target and in its future development. The Group s R&D capabilities and its product resources technical prowess will achieve a qualitative leap forward in the future. With our blockbuster first-to-market generic drug and innovative proprietary drug set for launch from 2016, Sihuan Pharmaceutical will be one step closer to becoming the most competitive, globally-recognized Chinese pharmaceutical company in the world.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude towards all our staff for their diligence and dedication. These attributes have built today s Sihuan Pharmaceutical as a company that has stood strong in times of adversity.
We will continue to face challenges, seize opportunities head-on and work together in 2015.
Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman of the Board 2 August 2015 