Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to submit the annual report of United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Period ).

For the year ended 31 December 2010, profit attributable to owners was approximately HK$112,256,000. Due to a change in accounting policy, the Group s reported loss attributable to owners of HK$61,536,000 in last year annual report has also been restated as profit attributable to shareholders of approximately HK$237,060,000 for the 9 months ended 31 December 2009. These results for the Period were reflected in the basic earnings per share of 0.88 HK cents compared with the restated basic earnings per share of 1.86 HK cents for the 9 months ended 31 December 2009. The net assets as at 31 December 2010 were approximately HK$5,523,076,000 and the net assets per share were approximately HK$0.43. The net assets as at 31 December 2009 (restated) were approximately HK$5,343,429,000 and the net assets per share were approximately HK$0.42.

The Group was mainly engaged in the development of strategy energy reserves, focusing on the investment and operation of oil, natural gas and other energy related businesses. This is accomplished by the merger and acquisition of oil and natural gas assets; the exploitation, development and production of crude oil and natural gas; and the provision of patented technologies supporting services to oilfields. The approach of the Group is to implement the reliable operation + rapid expansion market strategy, which is supported by the unique technology and core competitiveness. The Group s operating strategy utilizes resources as the foundation, built on its human capital and guaranteed by its technology.
The year 2010 was a milestone for the Group s business development. During the Period, the Enhancing Oil Recovery Project ( EOR Project ) in Liaohe Oilfields, which is the Group s major assets, has obtained the approval by the National Development and Reform Commission ( NDRC ) to commence the Development Period and, in February 2011, has reached the cumulative production quantity requirement to enter the Production Period with commencement of commercial production and sales to follow.
In addition, in order to attain strategic expansion, the Group entered into a very substantial acquisition with British Petroleum ( BP ) to take over their upstream business in Pakistan. It enhances the Group s position as an international upstream producing oil and natural gas player and lays the foundation as the first non-state owned enterprise of China to acquire an upstream oil business from an international oil major.
Oil Production Business EOR Project, Liaohe Oilfields, Bohai Bay, Liaoning, China Leveraging on the major fireflood technology combined with other related techniques, the Group conducted a large- scale industrialized EOR development testing in enhancing oil recovery in Liaohe Oilfields. This project was approved unanimously at the technical confirmation meeting in July 2009, receiving high commendation from oil experts. The results also received full recognition from the National Energy Board. In July 2010, upon approval of the EOR Project by the NDRC, the Development Period of the EOR Project has commenced, enabling it to become the first sino- foreign cooperation project in oil industry of China that has adopted fireflood technology to enhance oil recovery rate.
This EOR Plan is jointly developed by the Group and CNPC.
In February 2011, the EOR Project satisfied the requirements for the commencement of the Production Period, i.e. having an accumulated commercial incremental oil exceeding 20,000 metric tons. Upon confirmation of the Production Period, the Company will be allowed to sell its share of the oil produced with reference to international oil benchmarks. As the recovery rate increases the Group s share of incremental oil will rise accordingly, contributing to the Group s future turnover. The Group s share of incremental oil, approximately 12,000 metric tons of oil produced as at February 2011, will be sold based on the prevailing international oil price and quality, and the net income shall be reflected in the financial statements for the year 2011.
Acquisition of BP s upstream oil and gas assets in Pakistan In December 2010, in line with the its strategy of international expansion, the Group announced that it has signed an acquisition agreement with BP to acquire its upstream oil and gas assets in Pakistan for the consideration of US$775,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$6,006,250,000). The assets being acquired has been in a leading position in the oil and gas sector for the last 10 years supplying 14% of Pakistan s total oil production and 6% of its domestic gas production. In addition, BP has been the leading driller, drilling 146 exploration and development wells with an 80% success rate during the same period.
As at September 2010, the acquired assets comprised 120 producing crude oil and natural gas wells with a current average net production of 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The unaudited net profit before taxation and extraordinary items amounted to US$217,000,000 and US$117,000,000 for the year ended 31 December 2008 and for the year ended 31 December 2009 respectively. The production consists of 163.8 mmcf per day of natural gas (77%), 7,900 barrels per day of crude oil (22%) and 400 barrels per day of natural gas liquids (1%). The Group plans to retain the BP s Pakistani workforce of approximately 560 employees. The management is self-sufficient and these employees are highly experienced, BP-trained with average company experience of 11 years. BP has also committed to a transition service period to assist in the smooth transition of the business to the Group.
This acquisition is consistent with the Group s stated strategy of international expansion and to become an influential energy company with unique competitiveness through mergers and acquisitions of quality assets.
Other Oilfields Production Supporting Services Business with Utilizing Fireflood Technology The Group is currently providing oilfields production supporting services utilizing its patented fireflood technology.
The service areas of the three current contracts are being expanded and new service projects are being explored.
For instance, CNPC has agreed to expand the services area in Project Du 66. The Group s objective is to develop its business in the international market. Through the acquisitions of abolished or retiring oilfields, the Group targets to improve the recovery rate of the remaining 70% oil reserve underground by 30%, thereby producing economic benefits similar to finding a new oilfield. The fireflood technology is a revolution among oil extraction technologies. As a pioneer in applying fireflood technology in China, the Group will continue to seek cooperation opportunities with operators of old oilfields. By utilizing this advanced technology which features low production cost and high efficiency, the residual value of old oilfields with high potential will be significantly enhanced.

The year 2011 will be a year of Breakthrough for the Group, with expectations of achieving the following milestones: commencement of the Production Period of the EOR Project at Liaohe Oilfields and beginning to generate 
increasing revenues from oilfield supporting services; and the completion of the acquisition of BP s upstream business in Pakistan.
While the global economy is slowly recovering, it is also suffering from a lot of uncertainties, including the occurrence of a series of natural disasters and man-made calamities, such as political instability in the Middle East and North Africa and major earthquakes in New Zealand, Yunnan and Japan. Estimation of the global demand for fuel will continue to increase and boost up oil prices. In addition, due to recent nuclear crisis in Japan, many countries are reconsidering the use of nuclear power generation and its safety, and so the future global demand for oil may increase. The Group plans to grasp the opportunities afforded by the growing worldwide demand in oil and gas, identify suitable acquisition opportunities and build up its momentum in the acquisition of quality oil and natural resources in key regions. The build-up of quality energy assets will enable the Group to achieve sustainable group in the future, in line with its long-term strategic objective.
The Group s 5 year plan is to own and to operate a reserve of oil, gas and natural resources . The business plans are as follows: 1. Expand the scale of oil production of current projects by utilizing fireflood technology to increase the oil recovery rate and the cash flow.
2. Utilize the patented fireflood technology to obtain new oil reserves 3. Increase the output from existing oilfields by increasing capital investment, thereby improving the cash flow 
4. Develop the Group s business of profiting from the sale of oil and gas assets by utilizing its competitive advantage in international acquisitions, on the basis that an adequate reserve is maintained for the core businesses as stipulated above.
Furthermore, the Group has significantly enhanced its ability to fund its development after signing a five-year development finance cooperation agreement with the Hong Kong Branch of the China Development Bank with limited US$ 5 billion for oil and gas and mineral resources projects. The Group will continue the momentum of expansion in overseas investment projects, and hope to acquire high quality assets and achieve of outstanding economic benefits.

In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group. I must also thank our employees for their efforts and dedication. After acquisition of BP oil assets, the Group plans to retain the BP s Pakistani workforce of approximately 560 employees and believes they will make a significant contribution to the Group s business in creating superior shareholder value. As a Group, we remain committed to building China s largest non-state owned oil resources reserve operating company for the benefit of our shareholders, employee and business partners.
Zhang Hong Wei 
31 March 2011 