Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors, I am pleased to submit the Annual Report of United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 March 2008.

During the year under review, the Group recorded turnover of HK$4.89 million (2007: HK$15.93 million).
Loss attributable to shareholders was HK$101.50 million (2007: profit attributable to shareholders was 
The Group maintained its strong financial position during the year, with cash and cash equivalents amounting HK$2,113 million as at the end of March 2008. On 16 October 2007, the Company raised net capital of approximately HK$2.184 million through a share placement, further enhancing the Group s financial position.

In light of the continued rapid growth of China s economy, as well as strong overall demand for oil throughout Asia and other developed regions, the Group has refocused its strategy on the development of its oil 
Reflecting this change in emphasis towards the oil resources industry, the Company changed its name to United Energy Group Limited on 24 December 2007, with unanimous shareholder support. In January 2008, the Group further tightened its strategic focus by restructuring its shareholding of the property development business to 30%.
In October 2007, the Company acquired 100% interest in United Petroleum & Natural Gas Investments Limited, ( United Petroleum ) which holds a participating interest in an oil field project in Liaohe Field located in China s Bohai Bay Basin. The project is being jointly developed with China National Petroleum Corporation ( CNPC ), pursuant to an Enhanced Oil Recovery ( EOR ) contract; and features net 2P reserves of 61 mmbbl.
Subsequent to the financial year end, the Group announced to acquire 60% stake in Transmeridian Exploration Inc. ( TMEI ), which owns 100% of South Alibek Field (121 mmbbl net 2P reserves) in Kazakhstan, as well as 50% effective interest in Gasha Field (estimated 78 mmbbl net 2P reserves) in 
The Group s acquisition of TMEI s majority interest compliments its strategic focus on the upstream oil and natural gas business diversifying the geographic base of our resources and increasing overall reserves.
Plans to simplify TMEI s capital structure and further consolidate the Group s stake should yield additional 
China and Kazakhstan are becoming increasingly important markets due to the recent discovery of significant oil reserves. The Group s acquisitions in both of these countries enjoy stable fiscal regimes as well as long-term 25-year production contracts, ensuring future operational stability.
After completion of these strategic acquisitions, the Group will become China s largest independent Energy & Petroleum company enjoying established relationships with CNPC and other major industry players, as well as strong connections with the PRC Government. Leading the business is a veteran management team, with a proven track record in successful development of exploration opportunities.

Positive and buoyant dynamics have fuelled impressive growth in the Energy & Petroleum (E&P) industry, with strong momentum driven by constantly increasing global demand.
Energy demand from developing economic powerhouses like China and India continues to be strong, showing few tangible signs of weakening despite recent global economic conditions. Longer term, energy demand from China and India is predicted to grow at a CAGR of 2.5% and 2.8%, respectively, from 2004 to 
However, supply has not kept up with demand. Declines in industry-wide reserves have been driving M&A activity and consolidation around the world. In addition, geopolitical events and non-OPEC production delays are contributing to wider supply concerns on a global scale.
Together, these forces have placed strong upward pressure on oil prices drawing significant attention and investment into the E&P sector worldwide.

The Group believes that global economic growth and especially China s rapidly expanding economy will continue to fuel increasing demand for oil and natural gas.
Given the current market conditions, the Company s production assets in China and Kazakhstan are expected to provide significant cash flows as production capacity increases in the near future.
Leveraging our relationships with major Chinese E&P players, the Group will continue to expand into new markets internationally, targeting areas such as Southeast Asia, Africa and Latin America. We will also maintain our aggressive growth strategy of acquiring reserves and increasing production through both organic and inorganic initiatives.
With an impressive international asset portfolio, a strong balance sheet and an experienced, visionary management team; the Group stands well positioned to gain long-term benefits from the global economy s constantly increasing demand for energy.

In closing, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group. I must also thank our staff for their efforts and dedication.
Our people are the backbone of our Company and the architects of our future.
As a Group, we remain committed to building China s largest independent E&P business for the benefit of our shareholders, staff and business associates.

28 July 2008 