Chairman s Report Following the strong recovery of Hong Kong s economic and the continuing economic growth in the PRC, it has marked a breakthrough year of the Group s Development.
During the year, the Group has successfully entered into the real estate market in the Mainland China by obtaining the right of development in respect of a large-scale commercial logistics park located in the urban area of Shenyang through an acquisition (the Project ). To stablize the real estate development to be our core business, the Group is not only considering the opportunities of new property projects in Shenyang area but also seeking potential projects in other locations of PRC which will in turn make the group to be one of the major participants in the commercial real estate sector in the Mainland China.
By considering the raising pressure for additional capital after the acquisition, the Group decided to enter into a cooperation agreement with Beijing Glory Real Estate Co Ltd ( Beijing Glory ) whereas it has very rich experiences in real estate development business in Mainland China. Meanwhile, Beijing Glory agreed to inject RMB1,000 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,010 million) for developing the Shenyang Project.

In Hong Kong During the financial year, the Group had completed the disposal of the property located in Hong Kong in order to realize its long-term investment when the property market in Hong Kong was at a boom. The disposal could reduce the Group s borrowing and future interest expenses and further improve its financial position and the working 
In 2006, in order to prevent the price overheating of property market, the PRC government promulgated some macroeconomic control measures. However, the market still observed continuing rapid increase of property prices in some major cities such as Beijing and Shenzheng.
Consequently, the Group still generated a stable annual income of RMB9,144,600 (equivalent to approximately HK$9,237,000) from rental and property management of a commercial building located in Shenyang this year.
Property Investment Business in Shenyang The Group holds parcels of land in Shenyang with total site area of 328,862.8 square metres for development ( Shenyang Project ). The Group intends to develop and to build large shopping malls, supermarkets, offices, hotels, service apartment on this site. In July 2006, the Group entered into a corporation agreement with Beijing Glory whereas Beijing Glory agreed to inject not less than RMB1,000 million (equivalent to approximately HK$1,010 million) to develop the land in Shenyang.
Wholesale Trading of Household Building Materials Business in Shenyang The trading of household building materials in Shenyang is on indent basis. In the past year, the wholesale business contributed about HK$3.08 million in the turnover, showing a significant decrease as compared to HK$224.08 million from the previous year. The reason for such decrease is because the Group has ceased to conduct trading with the connected persons of the Group. Though the turnover of the wholesale business dropped significantly during the year, there will not be any significant impact on the Group because its profit margin was only about 0.97%.

The Group has a healthy financial position throughout this year. The total bank borrowings of the Group amounted to HK$303 million (2006: HK$305 million) and are wholly repayable within one year. The Group s borrowings were denominated in Renminbi.
On 26th July, 2006, the Group entered into a cooperation agreement ( Agreement ) with Beijing Glory for development of the parcels of land in Shenyang. According to the Agreement, the Group will contribute no further capital towards the Shenyang Projects while Beijing Glory will be responsible for all additional capital required, its make the Group eased from the pressure for raising fund to develop the land in Shenyang.
On 6th June, 2006, the Company has raised a net capital fund of approximately HK$168 million by placing 1,699,998,000 ordinary shares at HK$0.1 per share. The placing of new shares has further improved the financial position of the Group.
As at 31st March, 2007, the investment properties of the Group were valued at RMB160 million (equivalent to approximately HK$162 million).
As at 31st March, 2007, all of the Group s trade receivables was aged within 90 days. The collection procedures by the Group ensure sufficient cash inflow to meet the needs of daily operations.
During this accounting year, the Group has not repurchased or sold listed shares of the Group.
The Audit Committee of the Group has reviewed the audited consolidated financial statement for the year ended 31st March, 2007 and discussed with management the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group as well as internal control and financial reporting matters.
Business and Prospects Upon completion of the acquisition of Grand Hope Group on 6th June, 2006, the principal activities of the Group was engaged in a large-scale commercial real estate development and property investment in Shenyang, the PRC. It has marked the Group's actual entry into the real estate market of the Mainland China. The directors hold a positive view regarding the prospect of the property market in Shenyang and the PRC. The directors believe that the acquisition is in the interest of the Company and its shareholder as a whole.
On 26th July, 2006, the Group has entered into a cooperation agreement with Beijing Glory on the development of Shenyang Project. Base on the agreement, the Group will not need to contribute further capital on the project which will in turn bring positive return to the Group. This will reserve more fund to the Group for other potential 
On 30th March, 2007, the Group completed the disposal of the property located in Hong Kong. The disposal has reduced the Group's borrowing and interest expenses and improved its financial position and the working capital condition. With the stable property letting and management business in the PRC, the disposal will not affect the Group's turnover substantially. Nevertheless, the directors are of the view that the turnover of the Group will be further expanded by Shenyang development project.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our sincere gratitude to all shareholders, business partners and staff for their continuous support and their confidence in the Company s future.

30th July, 2007 