In 2013, United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) continued to execute the reliable operation + rapid growth business strategy and enjoyed fruitful results. The Group has benefited from the unique characteristics of its oil and gas operations to consolidate its position as a major oil and gas exploration and production company. The Group has made leaping enhancements in its reserves, production levels, profitability and competitiveness and rapid growth in turnover in three consecutive years. After recorded profit in 2010 financial year, it was the fourth year of positive growth in net profit, recording a compound annual growth rate of 121%.
For the year ended 31 December 2013 ( the year under review ), the Group s Turnover was approximately HK$4,787,556,000, representing 49.0% increase from 2012. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$1,215,211,000 increased by 54.5% as compared to 2012. As at 31 December 2013, net proved reserves reached 98.3 million barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ), representing 63.0% increase from 2012. By the consistent delivery of such exemplary results, the Board and the management of the Group has fulfilled its promise of delivering to the shareholders and investors sustainable returns.
Significant production ramp-up and increase in profitability in Pakistan Assets In 2013, through the efforts of our management and staff, the Pakistan Assets has successfully implemented an intensive exploration and development programme and achieved good results. The profitability has significantly improved with expanded operation and increased productivity. During the year under review, the Pakistan Assets achieved an average daily net production of approximately 33,809 boed, representing an approximately 37.0% increase compared to the full year of 2012. As at 31 December 2013, the proved reserve was approximately 70.0 million boe, net proved reserve adds during the year was about 48.5 million boe (exploration and development activities: 46.0 million boe, acquisition: 2.5 million boe) representing a net proved reserves replacement ratio of 394%, while the Reserve to Production Ratio was extended to 5.7 years from 3.7 years in 2012.
During the financial year 2013, the Group remains as the most-active oil and gas upstream operator in Pakistan with 7 rigs in operation at the year end, 28 exploration wells and 29 development wells were drilled in Badin and MKK area and 17 new oil and gas discoveries were made. The gas discovery in Naimat West was particularly significant, adding net proved reserves, based on SPE-PRMS standard and audited by third party reserve evaluation consultant, of approximately 26.0 million boe. The exploration success at Naimat West gas field reconfirming the exceptional exploration potential of our MKK concessions. The Group will increase its pace of exploration in MKK aiming for further production growth and reserves addition. Notably, average daily net production in MKK area ramping up significantly in the financial year 2013, representing an approximately 207.8% increase compared to the financial year 2012. We are confident the MKK areas will continue to report significant growth in the future and be a major source of production growth of the Pakistan Assets and the Group.
Following our better understanding of the exploration potential of the MKK area, we made decisive actions and took over additional working interests from a minority joint venture partner in 2013. After the completion of the acquisition, the Group s working interest at MKK area increased to 75%, with the remaining 25% working interest being owned by the Pakistan Government. The acquisition enabled the Group to expedite the exploration and development of the MKK areas and benefit from the significant discovery therein.
Impact of Petroleum Policy 2012 in Pakistan Assets Development The Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Resources in Pakistan issued the 2012 Petroleum Policy in January 2012. It is currently in the legislative process before the formal implementation. The most favourable effect is a significant increase in the wellhead price of natural gas. (With Brent oil price at $100, the MKK gas sales price would increase from US$2.5MMBtu to about US$5.5MMBtu). Base on the latest exploration results and financial estimations, the management of the Group believed 2012 Petroleum Policy will benefit the MKK areas and DSS areas most significantly. Together with the joint venture partners in these areas, we have applied for and received the provisional 2012 Petroleum Policy price notification for some of our gas fields in the MKK areas. Since the productions in MKK are highly gas-weighted, the Group is expecting the implementation of the 2012 Petroleum Policy to have a positive financial impact on our results.
Since 2010, Pakistan has been facing severe energy shortage. The Government of Pakistan has announced a number of incentives and favourable policies to encourage investments in the energy sector and related infrastructure.
The Group, as one of the largest foreign energy companies in Pakistan, has built a solid and excellent brand in the country. The Company will continue to increase its exploration efforts in the next few years and target to achieve high growth rate in both production volume and reserves. The Group will keep searching for quality asset and look for business opportunities.
China Liaohe EOR Project achieve high growth rate As a result of the Group s increased investment in the patented fireflood technology, the Group has demonstrated its effectiveness and the Liaohe EOR Project has recorded continuous rapid growth. The production volumes recorded high growth rate since the project entered into production stage. In the year under review, the average daily net production volume reached 1,634 boed, representing 22.5% increase as compared to the corresponding period in 2012. Our aim is to further ramp up production level, reduce the operation costs, increase the profitability and enhance the coverage of fireflood application.
Positive growth from Oilfield Support Service Business The Group s oilfield support services utilising the fireflood technology business progressed well and recorded steady growth. During 2013, the fireflood coverage at Du-66 and Du-48 was expanded from 27 units to 106 units, and with encouraging production enhancements. Turnover increased 32.5% from HK$93,504,000 to HK$123,862,000. As the numerous large oilfields in China mature, the Group s fireflood technology will assist them in significantly increasing production volume and prolong their life of production. We are now in negotiations with a number of major oilfields in China in relation to co-operation opportunities. Our target is to expand the Group s oilfield services in China.
Corporate Social Responsibility As an oil and gas exploration and production group, we take corporate social responsibility seriously and strive to optimise the delivery of economic benefits while maintaining a sustainable and socially responsible operations.
While the Group s business achieves rapid growth, the Group aim to provide sustainable, safe, stable and clean energy for the society.
In the past year, the Group has again contributed to the communities. As the largest foreign oil and gas supplier in Pakistan, the Group s production consists mainly of natural gas (70%). Natural gas is a clean and efficient fossil fuel.
It has provided energy for the rapidly growing Pakistan economy while protecting the environment and reducing carbon emission at the same time.
The Group strives to contribute to the local community. In this regard, the Group has set up social responsibility fund to provide community support to the local residents. In 2013, the Group spent a total of more than US$1.3 million in Pakistan for community development purposes, including education, medical facilities and many other natural disaster assistance and support services, in which US$500,000 for each of Badin and MKK area. Since the 2011 acquisition of the Pakistan Assets, United Energy has accumulated contribution of more than US$2.5 million in Pakistan. United Energy will continue to mobilise its own Community Support Team, screen the best community investment services for sustainable development, and actively invest in local community development affairs.
Liaohe oilfield has further completed another tail-gas processing facility last year. The facility processes and recycles its tail-gas thereby reducing production cost, reducing gas emission and its impact on the local environment.

As one of the major upstream oil and gas corporations listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Group continues to search for opportunities to acquire and expand in the global oil and gas market. This, together with aggressive exploration and development of existing assets, will maximize returns for the shareholders. The Company will closely monitor the global M&A opportunities. The Group s existing sustainable exploration and development assets and strong and stable cashflow will provide us with a solid foundation for outbound acquisitions. In October 2012, the Group refreshed the co-operation agreement with China Development Bank Hong Kong Branch for 5 years and for a renewed US$5 billion. The Group can make use of this strong financial support to expand its asset base and operations, thereby achieving the best returns for shareholders.
In the operation guidance for 2014, the Group has established in accordance with the Group s exploration and development work plan to achieve the goal of the annual average daily net production to 45,000 boed, which will represent another milestone of United Energy. We will not be satisfied with the development gains of the past three years, and has started to prepare for the future production growth. The MKK areas will be a major source of future production growth, and the existing natural gas processing capacity will operate at maximum capacity in 2015. Thus, the 2014 work plan will include building a processing plant of 100 MMcfd of natural gas processing facilities in the MKK areas. The preliminary design has been completed and tenders of the processing plant have been requested.
The natural gas processing plant will ensure that the Group will have sufficient capability to exploit existing reserves, providing resource to further optimize its exploration, development and production activities in order to sustain high future production growth targets.
Stepping into 2014, the Group continues to implement its strategy of Win-win cooperation to achieve quantum leap growth . We plan to work closely with state-owned as well as international oil companies to explore the potential of the existing assets and to ramp-up the reserve and production of the Pakistan assets, while reducing the cost of production and enhancing profitability. These are the solid foundation for competing as a large international exploration and production company. In the meantime, the Group will enhance its corporate development model and competitiveness in China by continuing to scale up the production and profitability of the Liaohe project and conduct research in fireflood technology.
Our management team has vast experience and ability which is demonstrated in the successful completion of acquisition of the Pakistan Assets and its subsequent production ramp-up. Although the global economy remains unsettled, this we believe has provided us with good opportunities and motivations. With the recovery of the global economy, stronger demand for energy and the further expansion of the Chinese economy, United Energy possesses the plan and the human resources to continue its rapid growth in production, reserves and profitability and quantum leap developments. I, on behalf of the Board, would like to thank all the shareholders and investors for their continued support. We will try our best to achieve better returns for shareholders.
Zhang Hong Wei 
19 March 2014 