Chairman s Statement Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer Sihuan Pharmaceutical marked its eleventh year in operation in 2011 and our performance has been 
Despite a very challenging environment, Sihuan Pharmaceutical once again posted exceptional performance, highlighting the strength and adaptability of our business, through seeking valuable M&A opportunities, and receiving government support for our R&D innovations. For the past 10 years, we solidifi ed our position as the largest CCV franchise and have grown into the country s ninth largest pharmaceutical company in terms of revenue in China s prescription drug market. As CEO and Chairman of the Board for Sihuan Pharmaceutical, it is my honor to congratulate every individual at Sihuan Pharmaceutical for achieving these outstanding results in 2011 and to express my sincere gratitude for the support that we have received.
Delivering Strong Financial Performance We have proven to be a formidable force in the domestic pharmaceutical industry. In 2011 Sihuan Pharmaceutical s revenue rose 116.2% to RMB2,242.1 million and net profi ts attributable to equity owners grew 57.8% to RMB824.0 million. We have performed better than the Chinese pharmaceutical industry overall, where there has been an average of 20% growth in the last two years. Our highest performing products this year by sales are our CCV drugs, although sales of non-CCV products have increased as well.
Creating an Optimal Product Portfolio In 2011, we have continued to diversify our product portfolio. This is extremely important as this means we are far less reliant on too few products and are creating a very balanced and diversifi ed revenue stream. We signifi cantly increased the variety in our product offering and produced more fl agship products from our newly launched products, and this is creating a more optimized product portfolio.
The market share of our CCV products has risen to 9.4% during the past year. We have maintained steady growth of our existing products such as Kelinao, Anjieli, Qu Ao, GM1 and Qingtong, which provide a solid foundation for the Company s business. Thanks to our stronger sales and marketing capabilities, sales of our newly launched products, such as Oudimei, Yuanzhijiu and Yimaining recorded signifi cant growth, exceeding one-third of our total sales. Our non-CCV products, such as Zhuo ao, Bi ao, Ren ao and Pojia also recorded satisfactory performance in 2011.
We are very pleased with these overall results, which have been driven by the growth of our existing products and newly launched products.
Effectively Navigating Challenges Although Sihuan Pharmaceutical s performance during this past year has been commendable, it is important to note that the Chinese pharmaceutical industry overall is still navigating through a number of challenges. New regulations implemented by the Chinese government have created an environment of uncertainty for the industry. Government pricing policy changes, rising labor costs, and the new Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) standards created operational hurdles for industry participants and are leading to consolidation and an environment of the survival of the 
However, Sihuan Pharmaceutical has managed to identify and leverage opportunities for further growth. Regulatory pressures have prompted industry consolidation, and this has allowed Sihuan Pharmaceutical to seek valuable merger and acquisition ( M&A ) opportunities, and receive government support for its R&D innovations. We are therefore in a strong position to navigate through the industry s regulatory challenges, backed up by our strong sales and marketing capabilities, proven capabilities to innovate, and our optimized product portfolio.
Strengthening R&D, Leveraging Our Sales and Marketing Model, and Driving 
Sihuan Pharmaceutical has had a year of breakthroughs in terms of R&D, with Category I innovative drug Apapenum and exclusive, Category IV new drug Cinepazide Mesilate receiving clinical approval from the State Food and Drug Administration (SFDA). We now have 10 innovative patented drugs at various stages of development and have more than 5 cases pending approval for production licenses, including the Roxatidine injection, a fi rst-to-market generic 
We are also focused on effectively developing our proven sales and marketing capabilities. Our academic promotional activities marked Sihuan Pharmaceutical as an industry leader, and as a result we have furthered our geographical penetration, expanded our sales and marketing team, and strengthened awareness of our brand. Our existing products have reached additional clinical departments in hospitals already covered in our distribution network and our newly launched products have reached around 4,000 hospitals.
In line with new GMP standards, we are currently conducting our Company-wide upgrade of production systems.
Our Hebei manufacturing plant Langfang Sihuan Gaobo, has already successfully passed the new GMP standards.
Overall, we have reinforced Sihuan Pharmaceutical s image as a responsible, conscientious and people-oriented leader in the pharmaceutical industry, and continue to be in compliance with the government s regulatory trajectory.
Planning for Future Growth: Optimizing, Diversifying and Expanding the 
Going forward, we will focus on optimizing, diversifying and expanding the business. Our plan for growth emphasizes optimizing our portfolio mix and enhancing our highly effective sales and marketing strategies, diversifying our product offerings through M&A and R&D activities, and expanding our market share as we seek out new areas for growth. More specifi cally we aim to do the following: Optimize our product portfolio and enhance our sales and marketing strategies to allow us to take advantage of broader market opportunities. In particular, we will focus on maintaining a steady growth of our existing products, supporting fast-growing newly launched products, and improving the range and market share of CCV products to solidify our leading position in China s CCV prescription drug market. For our non-CCV products, we will also explore other therapeutic areas such as oncology and CNS. Lastly, we will also continue to strengthen our proven sales and marketing model to further our penetration in China, in order to maximize the delivery of our existing and newly launched products and drive overall performance.
Diversify our business and product offerings through M&A and R&D activities. We will identify appropriate opportunities for acquisition and collaboration opportunities that complement our existing business model. We have also placed equal importance on R&D during the current year and are looking to expand our efforts beyond pharmaceuticals and into high-growth potential areas such as biotechnology.
Expand the Sihuan Pharmaceutical brand and market presence domestically and internationally. We are actively seeking opportunities for cooperation with overseas pharmaceutical companies in joint ventures and innovation initiatives to optimize our product resources and support the expansion of our business. The regions we are targeting for this kind of activity are North America, Europe, Japan and Taiwan. We also aim to apply for Investigational New Drug ( IND ) with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) in 2012 for anti-hypertension drug Tylerdipine Hydrochloride, a Category I innovative drug and our fi rst internationalized product drug to apply for both domestic and overseas registration.
I believe that this growth strategy, our leading position and available resources will enable us to capitalize on current and future market opportunities, expand revenue, and deliver sustainable long-term growth.
Expecting Strong Performance Going Forward For the pharmaceutical industry overall, 2012 will prove to be challenging but will also come with many opportunities.
Despite recent regulatory changes and intensifi ed competition in the market, Sihuan Pharmaceutical fi rmly believes that the pharmaceutical industry will continue to experience robust expansion. The reasons for this are favorable market characteristics and robust demand for pharmaceutical products driven by stable Chinese economic growth, the expansion of medical insurance coverage, the rise of per capita funding standards for medical insurance and maximum reimbursements for medical treatment. China s accelerated urbanization, aging population and burgeoning government support for the biotechnology industry as stipulated in China s 12th Five-Year Plan are also important contributing factors to the Chinese pharmaceutical industry s growth story and Sihuan Pharmaceutical s optimistic 
With our current business trajectory and our plans for thoughtful and diversifi ed growth, we believe we will not only achieve our business objectives but will deliver strong shareholder value over the long-term.
Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman and Chief Executive Offi cer 19 March 2012 