Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the board of directors of Sihuan Pharmaceutical Holdings Group Ltd., I am pleased to present the annual report of the Group for the year ended 31 December 
2010 was a year of breakthrough achievements for Sihuan Pharmaceutical. During this year, we further consolidated our position as the largest cardio-cerebral vascular drug (CCV) franchise in China as we continued to maintain a rapid pace of growth and expand our market share to 7.5%. Sales grew 46.3% year-on-year to RMB1,036.9 million in 2010 while profit attributable to equity owners grew 60.0% to RMB522.1 million from the previous year. In the same period, we further expanded our product portfolio, which now covers a wide spectrum of therapeutic areas that benefit from strong growth potential. We also continued to leverage our differentiated and proven sales and marketing model, and expand our nationwide distribution network across China. As we look ahead we believe that Sihuan Pharmaceutical will continue to strengthen its competitive advantages and is well positioned to benefit from China s rapidly growing pharmaceutical market, which is on its course to become the world s third- largest market in 2011.
In an effort to improve access to basic healthcare services, and achieve universal medical insurance coverage, the Chinese government has raised the investment to RMB1,134.2 billion from RMB850 billion for the reform of the healthcare system, which in our view could benefit the pharmaceutical industry in China.
Further, in February 2011, the SFDA promulgated new GMP guidelines which have greatly enhanced quality control, documentation, and the overall manufacturing of pharmaceutical products. These measures are expected to spur a new wave of consolidation in the industry as the smaller pharmaceutical companies lacking resources to comply with these guidelines independently seeks stronger partners. Pharmaceutical companies that have strong product portfolios, nationwide marketing and sales capabilities and deep financial resources such as Sihuan Pharmaceutical are well-positioned to expand under such industry developments.
Sihuan Pharmaceutical has already started to reap the rewards of its continuous efforts to diversify its product portfolio. Our CCV products continued to be the largest contributor to revenue, growing 49.4% year-on-year to RMB837.6 million. The key drugs of this product category, namely Kelinao, Anjieli, Chuanqing and Qu Ao, achieved stable growth while revenue from the new products, Aogan and Qingtong, soared 180% year-on- year. Elsewhere, revenue from anti-infective drugs such as Anjiejian, Luoanming and Pojia jumped 55.6% year- on-year on strong sales driven partly by our increased marketing efforts and market penetration strategies.
During the year, we have continued to expand our distribution network which has grown to more than 2,500 distributors. As a result of this expansion, we were able to sell our products to an additional 2,000 hospitals and penetrated into additional hospital departments.
During the year, we continued to invest in R&D to ensure a strong and competitive product pipeline as we move our business forward. Four innovative products had completed pre-clinical studies and had applied for clinical trial with SFDA. As at the end of 2010, the Company had applied patents for over 300 products, 9 of which were under PCT (an international patent) and 188 of those were granted. Meanwhile, we were able to accelerate our progress on the front of generic drugs development. One generic drug product has already been approved for production while another three products have undergone the necessary research process and are now awaiting approval for production and for launch on to the market.
We have a proven capability in identifying, acquiring and developing market-leading products. During 2010, we continued to build upon this strength by acquiring a number of cardio-cerebral vascular products that offer high growth potential. In November 2010, we acquired from Benxi Leilong Pharmaceutical the 30-year exclusive distribution rights for Yimaining (Alprostadil lipid emulsion injection), one of the best-selling CCV drugs in China.
In December 2010, we acquired Dupromise Holdings Limited, which owns 18 CCV products, including three proprietary patented products. In January 2011, we purchased Changchun Xiangtong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. which produces the raw medicine and the injection of monosialotetrahexosylganglioside, which is one of the best-selling prescription drugs in the CCV field in China.
Through these acquisitions and our continued focus on R&D, Sihuan Pharmaceutical currently sells a total of 83 products that cover all of China s top five medical therapeutic markets. The number of CCV drug products increased from 14 to 33, including 4 proprietary patented 
Fueled by increasing demand for quality drugs and driven by urbanization and an ageing population, the pharmaceutical industry will continue to be one of China s fastest-growing industries. Looking forward, in order to seize opportunities in the rapidly expanding pharmaceutical market, we will seek to further improve our product mix and continue to roll out effective market expansion strategies to strengthen our competitive edge and market leading position.
In the coming years, we intend to step up the development of products that show significant market potential by leveraging on the resources and brand recognition of Sihuan Pharmaceutical in the CCV field. Furthermore, we will increase our focus on markets where the Provincial Medicine Catalogues have yet to include our products by targeting hospitals for collaboration and departments that are yet to use our products. In addition, we will continue to look for acquisition opportunities, focusing on companies whose businesses are complementary to Sihuan Pharmaceutical s. We will also invest further in building our marketing capabilities to support the expansion of our portfolio and our distribution network.
We intend to expand our internal sales and marketing team to over 450 people and take additional steps to provide better training for both staff and distributors.
Meanwhile, investing in R&D will continue to be our priority so that we can further enhance our capabilities in key areas and expand clinical development.
2010 was a year of great significance for Sihuan Pharmaceutical and was marked by numerous major business achievements. In the interest of laying a new foundation for its continued success against a backdrop of increasing consolidation in China s pharmaceutical market, Sihuan Pharmaceutical was successfully listed on the main board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 28 October, which has enabled the Group to more effectively tap the international financial markets for capital and such a move has established a solid foundation for our future development. With our strengthened position, we are confident that we will continue our rapid pace of growth and create even greater returns for our shareholders in the coming year.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 16 March 2011 