In 2014, United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) continued to execute the reliable operation + rapid growth business strategy and enjoyed fruitful results. The Group has benefited from the unique characteristics of its oil and gas operations to consolidate its position as a major oil and gas exploration and production company. The Group has made leaping enhancements in its reserves, production levels, profitability and competitiveness and rapid growth in turnover in four consecutive years. After recorded profit in 2010 financial year, it was the fifth year of positive growth in net profit, recording a compound annual growth rate of 101%.
For the year ended 31 December 2014 ( the reporting period ), the Group s Turnover was approximately HK$6,120,229,000, representing 27.8% increase from 2013. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$1,827,887,000 increased by 50.4% as compared to 2013. As at 31 December 2014, net proved reserves reached 111.2 million barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ), representing 13.1% increase from 2013. By the consistent delivery of such exemplary results, the Board and the management of the Group has fulfilled its promise of delivering to the shareholders and investors sustainable returns.
Significant production ramp-up and increase in profitability in Pakistan Assets In 2014, through the efforts of our management and staff, the Pakistan Assets has successfully implemented an intensive exploration and development programme and achieved good results. The profitability has significantly improved with expanded operation and increased productivity. During the reporting period, the Pakistan Assets achieved an average daily net production of approximately 47,091 boed, representing an approximately 39.3% increase compared to the full year of 2013.
As at 31 December 2014, the net proved reserve was approximately 84.1 million boe, within which net proved reserve adds from exploration and development activities was about 31.3 million boe representing a net proved reserve replacement ratio of 182%.
During 2014, the Group remains as one of the most- active oil and gas upstream operator in Pakistan, completed 23 exploration wells and 15 development wells and acquired 1,442km 2 of 3D seismic data in the MKK Blocks and the DSS Blocks. Furthermore, the Group has made 20 new oil and gas discoveries in Badin and MKK Blocks and spudded its first exploration well in the DSS Blocks after the completion of acquisition of the Pakistan Assets from British Petroleum in September 2011. In addition, in June 2014, United Energy Pakistan Limited ( UEPL ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, delivers their first export shipment to the international oil market. For the reporting period, UEPL has successfully exported approximately 1,560,000 boe of oil and condensate to the international oil market. This marked another milestone and allows the Group to diversify its sales channel outside of Pakistan.
Notably, after the installation of an additional 160 mmcfd skid-mounted gas processing plant, average daily net production in the MKK Blocks ramped up significantly in the second half of financial year of 2014 and reached approximately 31,030 boed, representing an approximately 235.3% and 72.9% increase compared to the second half of financial year of 2013 and the first half of financial year 2014, respectively. The Group will continue its strategic focus on exploration and development activities in the enormously potential-rich MKK Blocks and we expect the MKK blocks to become a major source of future organic growth. It would facilitate the implementation of the Group s business plan in respect of the MKK Concessions which will be beneficial to the business of the Group.
Pakistan has faced a severe energy shortage starting from 2010. Oil and gas accounted for over 80% of Pakistan s energy supply market. Current local production of oil and gas is far failed to meet the demand. In this connection, the government has a variety of incentives to encourage investment in oil and gas resources industry and has to devote substantial resources in the energy infrastructure sector. The Group, as one of the largest foreign energy companies in Pakistan, has a solid and reputed brand in the country. In view of the macro-economic development in the country, it is believed that the Group is in a good position to benefit from the opportunities for oil and gas companies in Pakistan. The Group continues to search for quality projects and opportunities to fully make use of its advantage in the sector.
China Liaohe EOR Project achieve stable growth rate As a result of the Group s increased investment in the patented fireflood technology, the Group has demonstrated its effectiveness and the Liaohe EOR Project has recorded continuous steady growth. The production volumes recorded progressive growth every years since the project entered into production stage. In the reporting period, the average daily net production volume reached 1,820 bbld, representing 11.4% increase as compared to the corresponding period in last year. Our aim is to further ramp up production level, reduce the operation costs, increase the profitability and enhance the coverage of fireflood application.
Positive growth from Oilfield Support Service Business As the numerous large oilfields in China mature, the Group s fireflood technology will assist them in increasing production volume and prolong their life of production. We are now in negotiations with a number of major oilfields in China in relation to co-operation opportunities. Our target is to expand the Group s oilfield services in China.
Oil exploration technology and R&D In 2014, United Energy has started a comprehensive Hydraulic Fracing campaign in addition to installing a number of Electrical Submersible Pumps (ESPs). This made its Pakistan Assets to be the first company that has successfully deployed ESPs in Pakistan. In terms of R&D, the Group is studying a number of possible Gas Well Deliquification technologies and the Pakistan Assets has had success in applying Capillary Soap Injection (CSI) combined with Gas Lift to improve hydrocarbon recoveries. In terms of exploration, the Group s Pakistan Assets is undertaking some advanced processing and interpretation of its extensive 3D seismic data, which will enable the Group to target stratigraphic traps in addition to conventional faulted traps.
Health, Safety and Environment (HSE) The Group is deeply commitment to health, safety and environmental performance and conducts its business activities in a safe, efficient manner with care of everyone involved or impacted by its activities. In 2014, the Group ensures compliance with all applicable health safety and environmental laws and has achieved all the HSE targets.
The Group strives to continually improve its HSE performance by working with local regulators and industry partners to develop standards of HSE.
Corporate Social Responsibility As an oil and gas exploration and production group, we take corporate social responsibility seriously and strive to optimise the delivery of economic benefits while maintaining a sustainable and socially responsible operations.
While the Group s business achieves rapid growth, the Group aims to provide sustainable, safe, stable and clean energy for the society.
In the past year, the Group has again contributed to the communities. As the largest foreign oil and gas supplier in Pakistan, the Group s production consists mainly of natural gas (70%). Natural gas is a clean and efficient fossil fuel.
It has provided energy for the rapidly growing Pakistan economy while protecting the environment and reducing carbon emission at the same time.
The Group strives to contribute to the local community. In this regard, the Group has set up social responsibility fund to provide community support to the local residents. In 2014, the Group continued to devote resources in Pakistan for community development purposes, including education, medical facilities and many other natural disaster assistance and support service. United Energy will continue to mobilise its own Community Support Team, screen the best community investment services for sustainable development, and actively invest in local community 
Liaohe oilfield has installed a tail-gas processing facility. The facility processes and recycles its tail-gas thereby reducing production cost, reducing gas emission and its impact on the local environment.

As one of the major upstream oil and gas corporations listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Group continues to search for opportunities to acquire and expand in the global oil and gas market. This, together with aggressive exploration and development of existing assets, will maximize returns for the shareholders. The Company will closely monitor the global M&A opportunities. The Group s existing sustainable exploration and development assets and strong and stable cashflow with net operation cash inflow of approximately HK$3,450,345,000 and cash on hand of approximately HK$2,494,348,000 will provide us with a solid foundation for outbound acquisitions. In October 2012, the Group refreshed the co-operation agreement with China Development Bank Hong Kong Branch for 5 years and for a renewed US$5 billion. In October 2014, the Group also established the S$1,000,000,000 multi- currency medium term note programme. The Group can make use of this strong financial support to expand its asset base and operations, thereby achieving the best returns for shareholders.
The Group expects the price of oil will remain low in financial year 2015, which will create certain challenge to our Pakistan Assets and Liaohe EOR Project operations. However, the Group will continue the cost savings strategy to ensure high production quality. The Group will also engage more Chinese equipment suppliers together with its excellent production team in order to further reduce the production cost and thereby reducing the impact of low oil prices on the Group. On the other hand, the recent sharp fall in oil price may also provide another favorable opportunity for the Group to re-activate its acquisitions activities.
In the operation guidance for 2015, the Group has established in accordance with the Group s exploration and development work plan to achieve the goal of the annual average daily net production to 63,800 boed to 67,000 boed, which will represent another milestone of United Energy. We will not be satisfied with the development achievement in the past, and has started to prepare for the future production growth. The MKK areas will be a major source of future growth, and the existing natural gas processing capacity will operate at maximum capacity in 2015. Thus, following the completion and commencement of production of a new natural gas processing facilities in the MKK areas in 2015, it will ensure that the Group has sufficient capability to exploit existing reserves, to further optimize its exploration, development and production activities in order to sustain high future production growth 
Stepping into 2015, the Group continues to implement its strategy of Win-win cooperation to achieve quantum leap growth . We plan to work closely with state-owned as well as international oil companies to explore the potential of the existing assets and to ramp-up the reserve and production of the Pakistan assets, while reducing the cost of production and enhancing profitability. These are the solid foundation for competing as a large international exploration and production company. In the meantime, the Group will enhance its corporate development model and competitiveness in China by continuing to scale up the production and profitability of the Liaohe project and conduct research in fireflood technology.
Our management team has vast experience and ability which is demonstrated in the successful completion of acquisition of the Pakistan Assets and its subsequent success in managing the assets. Although the global economy remains unsettled, this we believe has provided us with good opportunities and motivations. With the recovery of the global economy, stronger demand for energy and the further expansion of the Chinese economy, United Energy possesses the plan and the human resources to continue its rapid growth in production, reserves and profitability and quantum leap developments. I, on behalf of the Board, would like to thank all the shareholders and investors for their continued support and all the employees for their contribution to the Group. We will try our best to achieve better returns for shareholders.
Zhang Hong Wei 
19 March 2015 