In 2012, United Energy Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group or United Energy ) continued to execute the reliable operation + rapid growth business strategy. The Group has benefited from the unique characteristics of its oil and gas operations to leap forward and become one of Hong Kong s major oil and gas exploration and production companies. The Group has made leaping enhancements in its reserves, production levels, profitability and competitiveness, which form the foundation for long term rapid growth and help position the Group as a large international growth oil and gas exploration and production company.
In the year ended 31 December 2012 ( the year under review ), the Group s Turnover was approximately HK$3,213,793,000, representing a 2.67 times increase from 2011. Net Profit after tax was approximately HK$786,412,000 increased by 48% as compared to 2011. Together with significant additions to the Group s reserves, the Group has fulfilled its promise of delivering to shareholder and investor sustainable returns.
Significant production ramp-up and increase in profitability in Pakistan assets 2012 was the first full financial year after the Group had completed the acquisition of BP asset at Pakistan. Following the Group s significant investment and management effort, the scale of operation and profitability of the assets has shown significant enhancement, reversing the downward production decline into a rapid increasing trend. The Group average daily net production volume has recorded 24,681 barrels of oil equivalent ( boe ), 17.8% higher than 20,945 boe for the period from the day of completion, 16 September 2011, to 31 December 2011.
The Group has also increased its investment in 3D seismic data acquisition and analysis, thereby identifying a large number of hydrocarbon traps. Based on these higher quality prospects, the Group drilled 11 exploration wells and 20 development wells, with all exploration wells successfully reached the target payzone and discovered hydrocarbon, thus identifying an estimated 870 million boe of Oil and Gas Initial In-Place Volume. The Group also recorded an estimated proved reserves add of approximately 12.8 million boe and proved reserves replacement ratio reached 142% for the year.
As at 31 December 2012, Pakistan assets consist of 9 onshore concessions and 5 offshore blocks. The total area consists of 41,003 km 2 with 10,433 km 2 onshore and 30,570 km 2 offshore. Developed area is approximately 2,923 km 2 representing 7.1% of the total area. Last year, we acquired about 2,277 km 2 of 3D seismic data, representing 5.6% of the our total gross acreage. The Group s Pakistan assets has significant room for value enhancement.
2012 was a year of consolidation and growth for the Group s assets in Pakistan. Following our better understanding of the exploration potential of the MKK Concessions, we made decisive actions and took over additional working interests from a minority shareholder. After the completion of the acquisition, the Group s working interest at MKK increased from 51% to 71%. The acquisition enabled the Group to enhance its interest and improve operating in the Concessions. Since 2010, Pakistan has been facing severe energy shortage. The Government of Pakistan has been issuing a range of incentives and favourable policies to encourage investments in energy sector and related infrastructure. The Group as one of the largest foreign energy companies in Pakistan, has built a solid and excellent brand in the country. The Company will continue to increase the exploration efforts in the next few years and target to achieve high growth rate in both production volume and reserves in the next five years. The Group will keep searching for quality asset and look for business opportunities.
China Liaohe Oilfield Project achieve high growth rate The Group s patented fireflood technology progressed very well in the year under review. The reliability and commercial value of the project were re-affirmed. The production volumes recorded very high double-digit growth rate for both years since the project entered into production and development stages. In the year under review, the average daily net production volume reached 1,334 barrels, 75.3% higher compared to the corresponding period in 2011. During the period, 8 fireflood unit were added, 20 development wells were drilled and 15 Rig Workovers were carried out. As at 31 December 2012, 37% of production wells have been converted to fireflood producers. The conversion has built a solid foundation for the year 2013 and beyond.
Benefited from the rising oil prices, ramp-up progress and further conversion of production wells to fire-flood producers, it is expected that Liaohe EOR Project will significantly contribute to revenue growth. Management s target to maintain a very high growth rate for the next 5 years.
Positive growth from Oilfield Support Service Business The Group s fireflood technology business progressed well. During the year, the fireflood coverage at Du-66 and Du- 48 was expanded from 17 units to 27 units, and with encouraging production enhancements. Turnover increased 63.4% from HK$57,240,000 to HK$93,504,000 in 2012. On the other hand, the Group has set up a joint research center in fireflood technology with Xian Petroleum University, a leading institute with specialization in oil and gas technologies. This investment in R&D will build a solid foundation for future business development. As the numerous large oilfields in China mature, the Group s fireflood technology will assist them in significantly increasing production volume and prolong their life of production. We are now in negotiations with a number of major oilfields in China in relation to co-operation opportunities. Our target is to expand the Group s oilfield services in China.
Corporate Social Responsibility As an oil and gas exploration and production group, we take corporate social responsibility seriously and strive to optimise the delivery of economic benefits while maintaining a sustainable and socially responsible operations. While the Group business achieves rapid growth, the Group provides sustainable, safe, stable and clean energy for the society.
In the past year, the Group has again contributed to our communities. As the largest foreign oil and gas suppliers in Pakistan, the Group production portfolio consists mainly of natural gas (70%). Natural gas is a clean and efficient fossil fuel. It has provided energy for the rapidly growing Pakistan economy while protecting the environment and reducing carbon emission at the same time. The Group strives to contribute back to the local community. In this regard, the Group has set up social responsibility fund to provide education, health and emergency relief.
Liaohe oilfield has also completed a tail-gas processing facility last year. The facility processes and recycles tail-gas thereby reducing production cost reducing gas emission and its impact on the local environment.

As one of the largest upstream oil and gas corporation listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Group continues to search for opportunities to acquire and expand in the global oil and gas market. This, together with aggressive exploration and development of existing assets, will maximize returns for the shareholders. The Company will closely monitor the global M&A opportunities. The Group s existing asset and strong cashflow will provide us with a solid foundation for outbound acquisitions. In October 2012, the Group refreshed the co-operation agreement with China Development Bank for 5 years and for a renewed US$5 billion. The Group can make use of this strong financial support to expand its asset base and operations, thereby achieving the best returns for shareholders.
Stepping into 2013, the Group continues to implement its strategy of Win-win cooperation to achieve quantum leap growth . We plan to work closely with state-owned as well as international oil companies to explore the potential of the existing assets and to ramp-up the reserve and production of the Pakistan assets, while reducing the cost of production and enhancing profitability. These are the solid foundation for competing as a large international exploration and production company. In the meantime, the Group will enhance its corporate development model and competitiveness in China by continuing to scale up the production and profitability of the Liaohe project and conduct research in fireflood 
Our management team has vast experience and ability which is demonstrated in the successful completion of acquisition of the Pakistan asset and its subsequent production ramp-up. Although the global economy remains unsettled, this we believe has provided us with good opportunities and motivations. With the recovery of the global economy, stronger demand for energy and the further expansion of the Chinese economy, United Energy possesses the plan and the human resources to continue its rapid growth in production, reserves and profitability and quantum leap developments. I would like to thank all the shareholders and investors for their continued support. We will try our best to achieve better returns 
