Chairman s Statement The year of 2015 was the most challenging year for Sihuan Pharmaceutical since its establishment. Stricter control of excessive medical expenditure and the continuous reduction of drug prices posed challenges in all provincial tendering. In the meantime, the government has also been substantially raising requirements for the industry in terms of standards of production, R&D and other operational processes. Sihuan Pharmaceutical continued to grow amid the unfavorable market conditions and maintained a stable operation in the face of suspension of trading. This was made possible by our solid business foundation, abundant product resources, and flexible sales and marketing strategies, marking 2015 as the fifteenth straight year of positive growth.
During the Year, revenue of the Group amounted to RMB3.17 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.7%. Net profit of the Group amounted to RMB2.06 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.4%. Sales for our core products achieved stable growth. According to IMS Health Incorporated ( IMS ), in 2015, Sihuan Pharmaceutical maintained its leadership in China s CCV prescription drug market and ranked number 3 in the domestic hospital 
In 2015, results of the Group s new drug R&D were fruitful. In terms of innovative drug, Phase I clinical trial of innovative drug Pirotinib (Tf<) has completed the fourth cohort group in dose escalation. Application for Phase IIIII clinical trial approval and on-site inspection for the Group s innovative drug Imigliptin Dihydrochloride (}xO<hR@l) was also completed and will obtain clinical trial approval in the near term. Clinical trial for another three Category 1.1 innovative drugs, Anaprazole Sodium ([ }bU ), Tylerdipine Hydrochloride (lj0Ws) and Benapenem (v }WWS), is near completion.
In June and November 2015, respectively, the R&D division has successfully filed the Investigational New Drug application for clinical trial approval for two Category 1.1 innovative drugs, Sirotinib (f<) and Fadanafil (T), which were officially accepted by the CFDA.
Towards the end of 2015, the Group announced collaboration with Japan s RaQualia, in novel analgesic drugs and ion channel technology development, another important step for Sihuan Pharmaceutical s towards internationalization.
The Group once again enhanced its production management and quality control during the Reporting Period through passing certification of the new Good Manufacturing Practice ( GMP ) standards in its three oral solid preparations production bases. In addition, the Group continued to strengthen its internal management control in areas such as work flow, operational expenditure and risk control with encouraging results.
During the suspension of trading of its shares, Sihuan Pharmaceutical maintained stable operation while actively cooperating with the Stock Exchange and other independent third-parties for inquiry and investigation, providing all required reports and successfully resumed trading on 29 February 2016. This outcome was also a testament to the ceaseless efforts and commitment of our management and staff.
The road to reaching maturity for a corporation has never been an easy one, particularly for one such as Sihuan Pharmaceutical, which saw an exponential growth in scale after a decade of rapid development. Along the way, we encountered greater complexity and challenges, from which we have extracted important knowledge and learned valuable lessons. The eventful past year was an opportunity for self-reflection, giving us experiences and advice which reinforced our confidence and laid a better foundation for our future development.
In 2016, the persistence of difficulties stemmed from the deepening of medical reform will continue to create uncertainties in the industry. In view of that, Sihuan Pharmaceutical will pursue steady improvements in its business development and internal controls. The Group will strengthen its business foundation while actively exploring opportunities for strategic investment amid market consolidation. In the face of market and policy changes, the Group will be accommodative in its strategies to sustain its strong sales and marketing capabilities and fully exploit the market potential of current product resources.
Further, to sustain stable growth, the Group will step up its R&D investment and expedite the industrialization of R&D projects, to strengthen the linkage between new and existing product resources.
In the future, we will leverage on our solid business foundation and comprehensive competitive advantages to overcome the hurdles brought by the medical reform. I am confident that Sihuan Pharmaceutical is looking at a new era with a healthier development of the industry in which Sihuan Pharmaceutical can achieve more breakthroughs.
I would like to take this opportunity to extend my sincere gratitude for the support and understanding of all investors and the public, as well as for the dedication of the staff of Sihuan Pharmaceutical.
Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman of the Board 29 March 2016 