Chairman s Statement Since its founding, Sihuan Pharmaceutical has established its leading position in the CCV prescription drug market with its unremitting efforts in business development. During the two-year period from its listing in October 2010 to the end of 2012, the Group successfully implemented its strategy of product diversification through mergers and acquisitions and in-house R&D. This has significantly enhanced the capabilities of the Group and has laid a solid foundation for its future development.
The year 2012 was not only the most challenging year for the Group since its establishment, but was also a turning point in its business development. Amid pressure from the external policy environment and market competition, we are pleased that Sihuan Pharmaceutical sustained its growth momentum in 2012, further strengthened its leading position in the CCV prescription drug market and aslo completed the consolidation of its newly acquired operations. More importantly, in a development of vital strategic importance to the Group, it has completely ended its reliance on individual products and has achieved a more balanced revenue stream from its diversified product portfolio.
In 2012, the Group recorded revenue of RMB3,042.5 million, representing an increase of 35.7% year-on-year, while profit attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB904.4 million, representing an increase of 9.8% year-on-year. During the year under review, sales of 9 major products grew over 50%. The sales contribution from its promising products (product launched after its listing in 2010) exceeds 50% of its sales revenue, establishing more balanced revenue stream. According to IMS Heath Incorporated ("IMS"), the Group continued its well-established lead in its market share of CCV drugs in terms of hospital purchase, which increased to 8.1%. The Group has also become the eighth largest pharmaceutical Group in terms of hospital purchase in the Chinese prescription drug market in 2012.
Encouraging achievements were also seen in research and development of the Group. Several major research and development projects achieved important breakthroughs during the year. Roxatidine Acetate Hydrochloride for Injection, an exclusive and a first-to-market generic drug, and Nalmefene Hydrochloride Injection received approval for production; Benapenem and Imigliptin Dihydrochloride, two Category 1.1 innovative drugs, obtained approval for clinical trials in January and February 2013 respectively. To date, a total of four Category 1 innovative drugs of Sihuan Pharmaceutical have received clinical approval, demonstrating the strong research and development capabilities of the Group. Sihuan Pharmaceutical also completed the restructuring of Xuanzhu Pharma in 2012, which became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group after restructuring. Xuanzhu Pharma will focus its resources in full accordance with Sihuan Pharmaceutical s development strategy and will focus on developing innovative drugs in major therapeutic areas such as CCV, metabolism and 
The Group also achieved a breakthrough in international cooperation. In November 2012, Sihuan Pharmaceutical entered into a collaboration agreement with NeuroVive Pharmaceutical AB, a leading international mitochondrial pharmaceutical development company, to develop in China two innovative CCV products, CicloMulsion and NeuroSTAT . This is a significant move for the Group as it will enrich its product pipeline.
Lanfang Gaobo Jingband has passed an on-site quality audit by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., as well as 15 other well-known multinational pharmaceutical companies from India, Canada, Spain and etc. The Group commenced cooperation with some of these companies, which opened up other channels for the Group in international cooperation.
In addition, the Group achieved remarkable results in production and quality management. The Group raised the quality standards of several key products and also enhanced cost management of all major products. The overall technology level of the Group s production system was significantly enhanced, with Langfang Gaobo Jingband obtaining High and New Technology Enterprise status. Meanwhile, the construction of new plants and the upgrading of existing facilities progressed smoothly and according to schedule.
The Group has also completed the consolidation of the sales network of Jilin Sihuan, which is now fully integrated into the Group s sales and marketing network. Although the consolidation has temporarily affected the Group s overall sales performance, the Group has reinforced its management and control over its sales and marketing network and enhanced the sales and marketing capabilities of Sihuan Pharmaceutical, thereby accelerating the market development of its products.
Some of the Group s operations, however, reported unsatisfactory performance in 2012. Sales volume of Kelinao and Anjieli dropped due to various factors such as the slower-than-expected lifting of reimbursement restriction at provincial level, an adjustment in marketing strategies, and the control of total medical insurance budgets at hospital level. With our increasing support for our distributors in terms of academic promotion, further penetration into 3 rd and 4 th tier cities, and as restrictions on medical insurance are relieved in more regions, we believe that the impact brought by the factors listed above will be reduced and that our sales will recover gradually as a result.
All in all, amid the challenging environment, Sihuan Pharmaceutical sustained its growth momentum and significantly improved its operations with the successful consolidation of its internal operations.
We are fully confident in our future. Although the regulatory changes will pose challenges to the operating environment in the pharmaceutical industry, the demand for pharmaceutical products will sustain robust growth as demand will be driven by various favorable factors such as wider medical insurance coverage across the country, the rise in per capita funding standards for medical insurance, the acceleration in urbanization and the ageing of China s population.
Therefore, we believe the pharmaceutical industry will maintain its upward trajectory in 2013 and throughout the period of 12th Five-Year Development 
Furthermore, the Chinese government has identified the bio-pharmaceutical industry as one of its strategic focuses for future development, and has stepped up support for innovation in the industry with newly announced policies. Sihuan Pharmaceutical, an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on proprietary drugs with outstanding R&D, production and sales and marketing capabilities, is poised to benefit from this development.
Leveraging its sales and marketing capabilities, optimized and high quality product mix, experienced and professional management team, as well as its dedicated staff, Sihuan Pharmaceutical is confident in its future development and the operating environment in 2013. I firmly believe that Sihuan Pharmaceutical will welcome a new era of development in the future.
Dr. Che Fengsheng Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 23 March 2013 