CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown, so goes the famous Chinese saying. These words highlight the importance of goal-setting and the dedication required to reach these goals. After a few challenging years, UC RUSAL has seen steady progress across its key performance metrics in 2014. Despite a tough start to the year, both profit and cash flow generation improved significantly in the second half. The Board and I are very pleased with this performance 
In 2014, global primary aluminium demand reached 55.2 million tonnes, recording outstanding growth of 7%. UC RUSAL s in-house supply-demand balance forecast envisages an ex-China deficit of around 1 million tonnes through to 2018.
Against the current backdrop, UC RUSAL s strategy to focus on economically and environmentally efficient production is paying off. The management team has continued to pursue a stringent cost management strategy and with the support of external market factors successfully reduced aluminium cash cost to USD1,671t in the fourth quarter of 2014. Adjusted EBITDA margin improved to 26.1% in the fourth quarter of 2014, while the Adjusted EBITDA margin for the year was 16.2% against just 6.7% in 2013.
Despite UC RUSAL s steadfast adherence to ongoing strategic production discipline, which resulted in output decreasing by 7% compared to 2013, RUSAL remained the world s largest aluminium company by production.
UC RUSAL s robust financial results are not the only measurement by which the Company should be judged. As a Company which employs 62,000 people, the health and safety of all of our team remains our key priority. We have a dedicated committee for Health, Safety and the Environment at Board level. In 2014, the Company achieved 100% standardisation of jobs within its Business System, including working conditions and safety of performed operations, and proactively conducted a widespread behavioural safety audit.
UC RUSAL s total investment in employee safety reached USD68 million in 2014, with total expenditures on labour and industrial safety for the last 3 years amounting to USD225 million. As in 2013, there were no significant emergencies, incidents, fires or transport accidents in 2014.
The lost time accident frequency rate decreased by 13.6%, while the lost time injury severity rate decreased by 10.8% Total investment in environmental protection between 2012 and 2014 amounted to USD295 million. As an environmentally conscious company, UC RUSAL implemented a range of programmes to curtail hazardous emissions and achieved a reduction in carbon emission intensity per tonne of aluminum of 11% in comparison with 2011.
UC RUSAL constantly upgrades its facilities to increase the amount of recycled and reusable water utilised during the production process. Compared to 2011, industrial waste has decreased by 45%.
We are conscious at climate change and are continuously looking to decrease CO2 emissions. In 2014, we reached a goal set in 1990 to decrease emissions by 50% by the beginning of 2015.
No less important are the Company s ongoing modernisation and innovation projects. We continue to invest in the modernisation and upgrade of our existing capacities, as well as building efficient upstream vertical integration and increasing the value-added product mix. A new casting line with 120kt of large diameter billets (460mm) capacity is under construction at the Krasnoyarsk aluminium smelter. In addition, wire rod capacity (KAZ) of 50kt and slab capacity of 105kt (SAZ) were added to the Company s portfolio in the fourth quarter of 2014.
From 2014 to 2016, the Company, together with the Russian Ministry of Education and the Russian Ministry of Industry and Trade, is implementing several R&D projects with ministerial grants exceeding RUB 490 million. In particular, these projects cover the production of Al-Sc alloys, increasing the strength of nano-structured aluminium alloys for use in electrical engineering, as well as producing a new generation of sparingly alloyed heavy duty materials. In addition, energy-saving solutions are being tested for use in the aluminium reduction process with early results showing electricity consumption fell by 300-1,000 kW*ht 
UC RUSAL continued to deliver on its social agenda in 2014. Total investment in charitable and social projects in the reporting period was around USD13 million. We are very proud that one of our four major social initiatives the Territory of RUSAL program has won in the Creating the Future category at the first All-Russian competition held by the Ministry of Education and Science of Russia in 2014 which recognizes employers work with children, youth and talent pool.
I would also like to mention an important post- reporting period CSR project. On January 17, 2015 the Company officially opened an Ebola center in Guinea, making it the only public company globally to initiate a major construction project to help fight the spread of Ebola. The Company s investment in the construction of the Centre amounts to over 
Looking to the future, we forecast aluminium demand growth, while the ex-China market deficit will support the aluminium price. The macro environment also remains supportive for the 
I am pleased to welcome Vladislav Soloviev as CEO of UC RUSAL. Vladislav first joined the Company back in 2000 and enjoyed success as the Company s First Deputy CEO, where he had an impressive track record of increasing RUSAL s business efficiency and improving production and financial performance. I would also like to thank Oleg Deripaska, who is now the Company s President, for his tenure as CEO during which he led the Company through a challenging period.
Finally, I would like to thank all of our employees for their commitment and dedication and our shareholders for their continued support.

Chairman of the Board 