Chairman s Statement 
There is no doubt that the last year has been one of great flux for the aluminium sector. The whole industry continued to face exceptionally tough market conditions with pre-existing high stock levels and on- going negative investor sentiment outweighing a rise in aluminium consumption which meant prices continued to be suppressed. However against this challenging backdrop, UC RUSAL has been at the forefront of calling for and adopting a disciplined approach to output.
Early in the year, our Board of Directors recognized the urgent need to act in a responsible manner and as a result approved a programme aimed at increasing the Company s efficiency through the curtailment of production at our least efficient smelters. This disciplined approach, which saw UC RUSAL decrease output by 7.6% to 3,857kt in 2013 compared to 4,173kt in 2012 and which lead the way for the whole sector, has meant that UC RUSAL has been able to manage the effects of the downturn and keep disruption to a 
While there are encouraging signs of the market becoming more balanced and in fact moving to a deficit in the coming year, the Company and its Board of Directors remain committed to adopting a rational and measured approach to production with output in 2014 expected to decrease further.
Throughout our capacity curtailment programme, UC RUSAL has ensured all efforts have been taken to provide employees being affected with job opportunities within the Company or the wider Group, or by offering compensation benefits exceeding the level in accordance with the law. Importantly, we maintained all social initiatives in the regions where we operate supporting educational, health, cultural and other initiatives. In partnership with the Agency of strategic initiatives, the Company launched a Center of innovations in social sphere, operating now in Bratsk, Krasnoyarsk and Krasnoturyinsk. The Center s activities are aimed at involving individual entrepreneurs and small and medium business to solve regional social issues through realization of social entrepreneurial projects. Corporate and social responsibility remain integral to UC RUSAL s license to operate and we significantly increased our investment in this area during year to USD14 million. I am proud that the Company s employees have yet again demonstrated their commitment having been actively involved as volunteers in many of our major initiatives.
As well as addressing production levels, the Company has demonstrated an ability to adapt its production profile. The period under review has seen UC RUSAL shift the focus of its Research & Development to better reflect the present market situation and forecast lower price environment. Our streamlined approach to R&D will help ensure the Company is well positioned throughout this period. Our initiatives can be gathered in four 
Environmental projects UC RUSAL s major project EcoSoederberg continued as scheduled at UC RUSAL s two largest aluminium smelters, Krasnoyarsk Aluminium Smelter (KrAZ) and Bratsk Aluminium Smelter (BrAZ) in 2014 and is expected to take 4 - 4.5 years to be completed; Managing smelter capacity focusing on reduction of amperage and flexible re-launch of pots; Reduction of production costs utilizing cathodes and anodes-based technology in order to reduce 
Increasing VAP output to as high as 42% of total aluminium output in 2013 UC RUSAL completed 10 projects to increase VAP output investing around 
In addition UC RUSAL continued to further improve corporate governance and internal procedures in line with the industry s best standards and over the last year, implemented a number of projects aimed at maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance. The Board welcomed new senior members to the management team, with a new HR director, a new CFO and a new director of Aluminium division appointed during the year. These additions strengthen our team and provide further in-house technical expertise, and I am sure the insights they and the other new team members will bring will make a significant contribution to the management of UC RUSAL going forward.
I am pleased that the efforts taken by the Company over the last 12 months were recognized by Transparency International who ranked UC RUSAL as the best Russian company in a survey of public reporting practices in emerging markets. UC RUSAL was the only Russian company in the multinational s Top-20, being placed sixth on the list. UC RUSAL scored the highest mark possible in organizational transparency with 100 per cent. This recognition further underscores the importance UC RUSAL places on corporate reporting and ownership structure transparency.
Furthermore, our CEO, Oleg Deripaska, was honored as Industry Ambassador of the Year by the Metal Bulletin Global Awards for Aluminium Excellence who recognized his influence within the global aluminium industry and the wider market noting that his approach is already starting to lead to positive results across the wider market, as smelters start to close inefficient and eco- unfriendly production lines to address the problem of overcapacity in the industry 
During that period we decided to commence judicial review proceedings in the High Court in London to argue that the LME should not implement the planned warehousing rule changes because the LME had not properly considered alternatives. It is UC RUSAL s view that under the proposed new rules the LME price will remain disconnected from the physical market. On 27 March 2014 the High Court in London issued a judgment granting UC RUSAL s claim, prohibiting implementation of the proposed rule changes on the ground that the consultation process was flawed.
I also consider it necessary to mention two important post balance sheet events. In January 2014, the Board of Directors approved settlement terms in respect of arbitration proceedings before the London Court of International Arbitration brought by SUAL Partners Ltd against Glencore International AG, EN+ Group Limited, UC RUSAL and Mr Oleg Deripaska. The claims against the Company in the Arbitrations have been amicably resolved and the Arbitrations against the Company have been formally discontinued. We are pleased to put this action behind in an amicable fashion.
The successful refinancing of our USD5 billion debt arrangement with Sberbank is an important milestone for the Company. By extending the maturity date of certain existing bilateral facility agreements with Sberbank will mean that the Company is able to continue to execute our strategy on a firm financial footing.
All at UC RUSAL are aware of the measures we need to take in order to maintain our leadership position, and I am proud and thankful to all our team across all our projects for their considerable efforts during the year.
Aluminium continues to be used for new applications and we remain extremely excited about its potential. We have proven during the year our ability to successfully manage the downturn and our resolute commitment to discipline allows us to look to the future with 
Whilst the wider aluminum market remains in fragile situation, we have begun to see encouraging signs. UC RUSAL is estimating that by the end of 2014, aluminum consumption will grow by 6% compared to 2013. The sector wide production curtailments have begun to have a marked impact, with the Ex-China aluminum market deficit expected to grow from 455 thousand tones in 2013 to about 1.43 million tones in 2014, pointing towards a healthier and more balanced market.
Finally, I would like to thank all of our shareholders for their continued support. As a Board we are confident that we are well placed to succeed in the upcoming year and I look forward updating you on another year of 
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 