UC RUSAL enters 2016 having achieved a particularly notable financial performance in the previous year, accomplished against a backdrop of ongoing challenging market conditions. In the second half of 2015, the aluminium market was impacted by two significant global trends, the continuing reduction in oil prices and the negativity surrounding the Chinese economy, which in turn, resulted in the aggressive devaluation of the Renminbi. Despite this global market turbulence, global aluminium demand grew by 5.6% in 2015 year-on-year ( YoY ) to 56.4 million tonnes.
Our performance throughout the year did not occur by chance, but due to our steadfast dedication to cost management and production discipline, which is why we were able to announce an Adjusted EBITDA of USD2,015 million with an Adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.2% for the year ended 31 December 2015. Most pleasingly, we have continued to see progression across our key performance metrics. The Company achieved Adjusted Net Profit and Recurring Net Profit of USD671 million and USD1,097 million, respectively, for the year ended 31 December 2015 as compared to USD17 million and USD486 million for the prior year. Importantly, during 2015 the Company decreased its Net Debt by USD465 million.
The market today is very different from that previously experienced only a few years ago and RUSAL understands that it is not in the interest of our Shareholders, or the wider aluminium market, to pursue growth by increasing output. RUSAL is no longer the world s largest aluminium company by production and given the current market, it is not our aspiration to be. Our primary goal is to be the world s most efficient and environmentally friendly producer, both in terms of cost and technology. In order to achieve this, we continued to invest heavily in R&D and have upgraded our existing capacities to increase the share of VAP in our overall aluminium sales portfolio. The close relationships which we enjoy with our customers resulted in us producing 96 bespoke new types of alloys in 2015, at their request. RUSAL s tailored offer reflects the strong nature of our customer relationships, an area in which we are looking to expand even further in the year ahead.
2015 was the year in which the world s attention turned to the issue of climate change, culminating in the gathering of world leaders at the COP21 conference in Paris. We at RUSAL believe that the protection of the environment and specifically limiting the amount of greenhouse gas produced is of fundamental importance. Currently, RUSAL has one of the lowest carbon footprints in the industry and benefits from access to clean and renewable hydro resources in Siberia. RUSAL will endeavour to further improve this. Last year, alongside our total expediture for environmental protection of USD101.5 million, we announced the following new environmental goals: " to achieve 100% of carbon-free purchased power in our energy mix by 2020 for plants in the Russian Federation.
" to reduce specific greenhouse gas emissions at our aluminium smelters by 15% by 2025 from the 2014 level.
" to reduce specific greenhouse gas emissions at our alumina refineries by 10% by 2025 from the 2014 level.
" to reduce annual energy consumption at our aluminium smelters by 3,400GWh by 2020 as compared to the 2011 level.
" to ensure greenhouse gas emissions from at least 85% of our primary aluminium production does not exceed the 6 tonne level of CO2 eq per tonne of aluminium produced by 2025, including direct and indirect emissions through the whole production chain, from bauxite mining to aluminium 
These ambitious goals are testament to the importance RUSAL places on its climate change obligations and I am proud to say that RUSAL has taken a leadership position in the fight against climate change. However, this is not something we can do in isolation, and for this reason RUSAL, together with other companies in Russia, has introduced an initiative to mitigate environmental impacts and help prevent climate change by creating the Climate Partnership of Russia . As part of this partnership, RUSAL will work closely with its partners to seek optimum solutions which will enable us to prevent the damaging effects of global 
During the year, the Board approved a new ongoing dividend policy, meaning RUSAL will now pay a dividend at 15% of our Covenant EBITDA. In October 2015, the Board also approved an interim dividend for the financial year ending 31 December 2015 for the aggregate amount of USD250 million.
Another important milestone achieved in March 2015 was the admission of RUSAL s shares on the MOEX on the first level quotation list.
Listing on the MOEX provides RUSAL with an excellent opportunity to extend our investor base; specifically, it will allow local and international investors who are restricted in their ability to invest in Russian Depositary Receipts to trade our 
Looking to the year ahead, we believe that the wider commodities market is likely to remain challenging. RUSAL expects aluminium consumption growth to continue at a healthy 5.7% during 2016 to 59.5 million tonnes as a result of strong ex-China demand growth in North America, Europe and Asia. Chinese growth is expected to continue to also be strong at 7% YoY. There are no significant capacity additions planned outside of China in the short term, while China is unlikely to fill the supply gap as it has also started to reduce capacity. RUSAL therefore anticipates that the market will be in deficit as capacity cuts continue.
Finally, I would like to pay tribute to our employees, many of whom have been with the Company since its inception, for their continued dedication and hard work. In 2015, RUSAL celebrated its 15th anniversary, a period of time where we can reflect on what has been achieved and look forward to where we go next. The journey that RUSAL has taken over 15 years from a regional player to having a strong presence in five continents would not have happened without the significant efforts of our employees, partners and customers. In addition, I would like to thank our shareholders for their 
Chairman of the Board 