It is my pleasure to be able to present this annual report as Chairman of UC RUSAL. I am proud to report that despite the extremely challenging headwinds for the previous year we demonstrated sustainable performance through the downturn.
The prevailing economic conditions made our management team respond quickly and effectively to ensure that the impact of the downturn was eliminated.
Strong focus on cost control and reduction of working capital as well as continued deleveraging played a significant part in ensuring that the Group performed well into the future recovery with intention to deliver value to all its shareholders.
UC RUSAL has continued its focus on improving corporate governance standards, management principles and internal regulations while implementing various policies to bring in line with the new requirements on HKEX and aligned with the world s best 
The current composition of the Board, now comprising five Independent Non-Executive Directors, is a step in the right direction. Furthermore, the Company has taken steps to improve transparency with a number of detailed documents on its approach to corporate governance available on the Company s website. A number of additional policies are at various stages of development, all with the aim of further advancing UC RUSAL s corporate governance.
The attention on improving transparency has not been solely focused on corporate governance but also on the transparency of UC RUSAL s supply system. The transparent nature of all of UC RUSAL s procedures as well as the Company s competitive selection choices can now all be seen on the Company website. The Company has launched a new system of customer accreditation as well as adopting a new risk management policy on the 1st 
A significant focus during the year was improving efficiency across all our operations, with the launch of our capacity optimization program to support production discipline in the industry. This has led to production at outdated facilities being replaced with technologically advanced and improved facilities and a boost to the output of value added products. We have already begun to see the benefits of these changes in helping to lower costs and expect further improvements in the coming 12 months.
We have continued to make substantial progress developing our long term growth projects, in particular Boguchanskaya HPP, with the launch of the first four turbines at the end of 2012. Work continues on track at the Boguchansky aluminium smelter, with its launch scheduled for 2013, which will further help the Company with its cost efficiency, combining low-cost and eco-friendly power generation with highly efficient 
We continued our efforts to ensure that RUSAL s investment in Norilsk Nickel brings value for all the shareholders. The agreement signed at the end of 2012 provided the RUSAL management team with greater flexibility, allowing it to focus on the core aluminium business going forward. The agreed dividend flow over the next years will not only further strengthen the Company s financial position but provide further opportunities to deleverage and may lead to a potential re-rating of the stock. RUSAL has a clear aim to reduce its short and medium term debt burden, in addition to identifying further ways to optimize financing costs.
Management continues to concentrate on long term cost efficiency, particularly in the current market conditions, to strengthen the Company s competitiveness globally, through adding new efficient low-cost capacities such as Taishet smelter, which is very important for Company s future position in the 
Social responsibility remains a key priority for the Company and UC RUSAL has implemented many social programmes over the past 12 months. Our Centre of Social Programmes (CSP) is the operator of all of the Company s social enterprises with its own special dedicated personnel forming a modern and professional team, who work jointly with local communities and administrators, to address each individual community with its needs.
2012 marked the 80th anniversary of the aluminium industry in Russia. To celebrate this momentous occasion, the Company organised a unique historical exhibition in Moscow, demonstrating the unlimited range of applications of aluminium.
UC RUSAL personnel have been instrumental in helping the Company weather the continuing difficult conditions across the globe and this could only have been achieved with their teamwork and dedication. I have been hugely impressed since joining the Company by their enthusiasm and expertise in light of incredibly challenging macro-economic conditions and personally as well as on behalf of the Board, would like to thank them all for their continued hard work and commitment to UC RUSAL.
We would also like to thank our various investors and stakeholders, whose ongoing support and backing has contributed to our progress and development over the past 12 months.
Aluminium remains unique in terms of the sheer number and variety of applications that it continues to be used for and as a result I believe we can look forward to the positive prospects of the aluminium industry for years to come.

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 30 April 2013 