It is a pleasure to be able to prepare this report following my appointment as Chairman of UC RUSAL in March of this year.
I was delighted with the appointment by the Company s Board of Directors, as I have full confidence in UC RUSAL s strategic intent and continued growth.
Over the past two years, I have gotten to know the Company s many respected Board members and its highly professional executive team. I am also well aware that the Company s dedicated staff and many stakeholders remain committed to the success of UC RUSAL. With all that is already in place, further potential can be 
Many will remember 2011 as another tough year for the global economy, especially in the second half, when the Eurozone crisis threatened financial stability across the globe. The aluminium industry was not spared.
Indeed, market uncertainties and volatility resulted in price pressures, fluctuating product demand, and supply chain disruptions. It was a grim year.
For UC RUSAL, the overriding goal throughout was to stay focused on the Company s long-term growth, and remain tenaciously on track with its core business strategies and plans. This, I believe, we were successful 
Consider the following: Not only did UC RUSAL continue to maintain its premier position in the aluminium industry in 2011, the Company s revenue grew 12% compared to that of 2010. Our emphasis on operational efficiency and cost controls also contributed to an improved EBITDA margin of above 20%.
During the past two years, the Company has reduced its debt level by almost a third. While the current level is still regarded as high, it is comfortably within UC RUSAL s servicing capability. Furthermore, our completion of the refinancing of the Company s debt portfolio with an extended maturity profile and reduced interest margins will allow for greater operational and financial flexibility.
The Company s investor base has widened considerably. The launch of the RDR programme attracted a large number of Russian investors. It is also notable that UC RUSAL has been included in five stock market indices, in Hong Kong, Paris, and Moscow. As a result, the Company s share liquidity has risen significantly as well.
To reward employees who contribute to the achievement of the Company s performance indicators and strategic goals, and in order to more closely align employees interests with those of the shareholders , in May 2011, the Board implemented a long-term share incentive plan for high performing employees. Accordingly, we are very pleased with the fact that we now count employees amongst our 
Corporate governance continued to be a major priority for the Company. The Board has already approved a comprehensive review of the Company s corporate governance practices, and a report is due in April of this year. Additional independent directors will be appointed to the Board in order to raise the number of such members to one-third of the Board s membership, in line with the requirements of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.
In reviewing the year 2011, a few other initiatives of the Company deserve special mention.
For example, the Company s management recognises the importance of frequent and effective communication with its stakeholders and potential investors. Greater transparency will ensure better understanding of UC RUSAL. Meetings have therefore been held, and will continue to be held on a regular basis, in key global investment centres. Special attention is also being paid to our outreach programme with retail investors. In fact, as part of our global investor relations strategy, the Company held a major seminar for retail investors in Hong Kong in early 2012, in which more than 1,000 local investors participated a clear indication of strong 
In 2011, the Company held two general meetings of shareholders on 23 June and 28 October, respectively.
The 23 June annual general meeting, which took place in Hong Kong, also saw the launch of a book titled From Russia with Love , a cultural initiative of UC RUSAL. The book was aimed at highlighting and promoting the best of Russia to Hong Kong, where the Company is listed, and encouraging a mutually beneficial relationship between the two regions.
A TV series titled Hong Kong-Moscow: Everyday Heroes , was then aired in Hong Kong. Supported by UC RUSAL, and seeking to deepen links between the two great cities, the well-received TV series featured stories of people from Hong Kong and Russia who contribute to society in similar ways and are driven by the same values and aspirations.
Significant progress was also achieved through an educational partnership between UC RUSAL and the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. In 2011, we saw the first group of students from the Urals and Siberia begin their studies in Hong Kong. We look forward to building on this progress, in 2012 and beyond.
The development of social infrastructure was another of the Company s priorities in 2011.
UC RUSAL has been supportive of, and involved in, numerous social development projects across all regions where the Company operates. We work closely with municipal and regional organisations in investing in education, healthcare, cultural and sporting 
In 2011, dozens of social infrastructure development projects were completed. The major ones included the modernisation of the equipment testing ground and the equipment of the electronic book reading room at the State Scientific Library in Krasnoyarsk; the renovation of the Children Socialisation Centre building in Boguchany, the Siberia youth centre; the construction of five sports grounds and two children s playgrounds in Achinsk; the opening of a physical rehabilitation centre in Kamensk-Uralskiy; the construction of a covered hall for horseback riding and horse therapy, and the opening of a chamber hall in Krasnoturyinsk s puppet theatre; and the opening of the Small Pawn chess club for pre- school children. UC RUSAL s total contribution to such social infrastructure development projects amounted to approximately USD5.6 million.
UC RUSAL also provided aid and assistance to Japan in the wake of that country s disastrous earthquake and subsequent tsunami on 11 March 2011. In providing this support, we worked closely with representatives from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Russia, the Russian Embassy in Japan and the Japanese Embassy in Moscow.
Looking back, another inspiration that can be drawn from last year has been the way in which UC RUSAL teams across the globe have collaborated and worked hard together to ensure the best possible collective performance for the Company. Their commitment, talent and integrity contributed in no small measure to the delivery of robust results in what were extremely 
Therefore, on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our employees for their dedication and hard work over the past year. Our thanks also go to our various stakeholders, whose continued support of UC RUSAL helped us face and overcome various challenges.
The events of 2011 have highlighted the importance of being able to adapt quickly to ever-changing market conditions. This, I believe, UC RUSAL and its management team have successfully demonstrated.
Although it is clear that the rest of 2012 will continue to be dominated by financial uncertainty in the Eurozone, the Board believes that the Company s current strategy, and the steps taken by the management team, will ensure that UC RUSAL continues to be well positioned for sustainable growth. We will also be able to take advantage of opportunities in the sector in the medium to long term. In short, we can look ahead with 
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 30 April 2012 