2009 laid a solid 
delivering value to 
I am pleased to present the Annual Report of United Company RUSAL Plc for the year ended 31 December 2009. This is our first Annual Report as a public company, following our successful IPO in early 2010.
It is an honour to address you as UC RUSAL enters a new phase of development and leaves some of the most challenging times in its history behind. Despite the recent downturn, UC RUSAL, as the global industry leader, not only survived but emerged stronger than ever to take advantage of new growth opportunities.
The global financial and economic crisis that started in 2008 had a severe impact on the global demand for aluminium, driving prices to historical lows during the first half of 2009. As a result, UC RUSAL s financial performance was severely affected, resulting in a liquidity shortage and breach of financial covenants.
To guide the Company through these testing times, the Board appointed Mr. Oleg Deripaska as Chief Executive Officer in January 2009. His unrivalled experience in the aluminium industry and understanding of the inner workings of UC RUSAL made him an obvious choice for the role. Under Mr. Deripaska s leadership, UC RUSAL rose to the challenge presented by unprecedented market conditions and successfully implemented a number of strategic initiatives to improve efficiency and reduce cost throughout its 
With the support of its international and Russian lenders and the global investment community, and thanks to the effort and commitment of its remarkable management team, UC RUSAL successfully restructured its debt obligations in December 2009 and completed an IPO of its Shares in January 2010. The capital provided by the new investors was a major step forward in strengthening UC RUSAL s balance sheet and meeting the targets for the agreed debt restructuring ahead of schedule.
The successful listing of UC RUSAL on the Stock Exchange and Euronext Paris (in the form of Global Depositary Shares) opens a new and exciting chapter in its corporate life. The listing on the Stock Exchange emphasises UC RUSAL s strong relationship with its Chinese customers, as well as the growing importance of the Chinese market for the global aluminium industry and the opportunities China s economic growth is expected to provide. In addition, our important and continuing relationship with European customers who represent the Company s largest existing market is supported through the listing on 
As the leader in the 
industry, UC RUSAL is acutely aware of its duty to operate in a safe, sound and socially 
The Board and I would like to welcome UC RUSAL s new shareholders to this most promising period of its corporate life and we would like to thank our investors for their support. We look forward to continuing to work together with you in the future.
The Board is committed to the highest standards of corporate governance in accordance with international practice. This practice has been followed since the creation of the Company to safeguard the interests of minority shareholders through the appointment of independent Directors and the establishment of appropriate Board committees, including the audit, remuneration, corporate governance and nomination 
The Board has been further strengthened by the appointments of Ms. Elsie Leung Oi-sie in November 2009 and Mr. Barry Cheung Chun-yuen in January 2010 as independent non-executive Directors. Both have a wealth of experience and knowledge in relation to companies operating in Hong Kong that complement the Board s current skill set and provide it with relevant new perspectives. We would like to welcome them both to the UC RUSAL family.
As the leader in the global aluminium industry, UC RUSAL is acutely aware of its duty to operate in a safe, sound and socially responsible manner. The Company seeks to mitigate its impact on the environment whenever possible. Our commitment to operating in an environmentally and socially responsible way is an important objective for us.
UC RUSAL considers the health and safety of its employees to be one of its key responsibilities and actively engages in the communities in which it operates. Without the support and commitment of the more than 75,000 employees of UC RUSAL and the communities that surround them, it would be significantly more challenging to deliver shareholder value. I personally thank each one of our employees for sharing the Company s plans and vision and their commitment to deliver our shared goals.
As we mentioned in our Prospectus, due to the terms of the debt restructuring agreements, the Company does not expect to be in a position to declare dividends in respect of any year at least until 2013. At the relevant time, we expect to adopt an appropriate dividend policy.
Finally, both the Board and I would like to thank UC RUSAL s many other stakeholders for their extraordinary commitment and hard work during this most challenging and exciting year. We strongly believe that the achievements of 2009 laid a solid foundation for delivering value to our shareholders as a public company. We look into the future with confidence and optimism amid expectations of the continued aluminium market recovery in 2010 and beyond.

Chairman of the Board 29 April 2010 