Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the annual report of Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited (the Dongfeng Motor Group ) for 2014 for your review.
In 2014, the PRC auto industry achieved a sales volume of 23,491,900 units, representing an increase of 6.9% over last year, which recorded a decrease in growth speed and was lower than that expected at the beginning of the year.
In 2014, the PRC auto industry was mainly characterized as 
1. Auto industry concentration was further increased and the sales volume of industry s top ten accounted for 89.7% of the total sales volume, increasing 1.7 percentage point over last year.
2. Sales volume of passenger vehicles maintained stable growth while the sales volume of SUV and MPV continued to grow strongly. Total PV sales for the year was 19,700,600 units, representing an increase of 9.9% over last year among which total SUV sales was 4,080,000 units and total MPV sales was 1,910,000 units, representing an increase of 36.4% and 46.8% respectively over last year.
3. Affected by the general PRC economic downturn and the launch of national IV emission standard, the sales volume of commercial vehicles recorded a significant drop. The sales volume of commercial vehicles for the year was 3,791,300 units, representing a decrease of 6.5% over last year.
4. The market share of self-owned brand passenger vehicles further decreased to 37.6%, representing a decrease of 2.1% over last year. However, the sales volume of SUV and MPV with self-owned brands recorded a significant growth.
5. Attributable to favorable policies on new energy vehicles in China, the new energy vehicles market was active. The sales volume of new energy vehicles amounted to 74,800 units, representing an increase of 323.8% over last year.
6. Due to unfavorable factors such as the appreciation of RMB, the unstable political situation and depreciation of currencies of major export destination countries, PRC auto export further slumped, with a total export volume of 910,000 units, representing a decrease of 6.8% over last year.
In response to rising pressure from auto market growth slowdown and mounting risks and challenges, Dongfeng Motor Group persisted in steady development. Through exerting efforts in expanding its market and optimizing its product structure, both quality and efficiency of development were further improved. In 2014, Dongfeng Motor Group sold an accumulation of 2,733,500 units of automotives in total, representing an increase of 6.5% over last year. The market share of Dongfeng Motor Group was 11.6%. The sales volumes of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles of Dongfeng Motor Group were 2,339,100 units and 394,400 units, respectively, representing an increase of 10.4% and decrease of 12.2% over last year respectively.
The sales revenue of the Group for 2014 was approximately RMB80,954 million, representing an increase of approximately 117.3%. The sales revenue of the Group based on the proportionate consolidation method for the year would be approximately RMB195,211 million, representing an increase of approximately 21.1% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, and the sales revenues of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately RMB141,677 million and RMB52,986 million, representing increases of approximately 21.3% and 19.1% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, respectively. In 2014, profit attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB12,845 million, representing an increase of approximately 22.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
In 2014, the operation of Dongfeng Motor Group had the 
1. DFG PV segment achieved a faster growth, higher than industry average.
2. The sale volume of CV decreased slightly over last year but the market share of national IV products ranked top among the industry.
3. The sales volume of DFG own brand vehicle further increased and the sales volume of self-owned brand passenger vehicles grew even more rapidly in 
4. Attributable to the release of new energy vehicles, DFG new energy vehicles business recorded a significant 
5. DFG export outperformed industry average and the export volume of passenger vehicles grew significantly.
In addition, Dongfeng Motor Group took a great step forward in its international business in 2014 by establishing strategic partnership with PSA Peugeot-Citron. Other major projects, such as Dongfeng Renault and Dongfeng Getrag, all achieved smooth progress. With the intensified coordination in operation, major projects achieved remarkable results. The Company strengthened its corporate governance and consolidated the foundation of management. Dongfeng Motor Group put a great effort in performing its social responsibility by focusing on safety production and energy conservation and emission reduction.
The overall operation was stable.
Currently, the development of Chinese economy has entered a new normal, which is characterized by three stages , namely the growth rate gear-shifting stage, economy structure adjustment stage and previous stimulus package digestion stage. The rapid economic growth is slowing down to moderate growth. The economic development has shifted from extensive scale expansion to intensive growth focusing on quality and efficiency. The economic structure, which once focused on the expansion of quantity and capacity, is being adjusted to a structure pursuing both quantity and quality. The economic driving force has changed from traditional growing point to new growing point.
As the PRC auto market is becoming more mature, the PRC auto industry has also entered into a new normal. In the future, PRC auto industry will remain a slight growth and there will be an intense contradiction between the development of auto industry and environment protection and transportation. There will be a more extensive integration between auto industry and the internet. New growth driver for auto industry will extend to higher end value chain in the auto related business. Consumption in the auto industry will be upgraded, with increasing demand for tailor-made and diversified products.
From the current development momentum of PRC auto industry, we also see that the auto industry is faced with more challenges. Affected by the economic growth downturn, demand for commercial vehicles will continue to decrease. With further implementation of national IV emission standard, the cost of commercial vehicles will hike accordingly. Self-owned brand passenger vehicles will have to compete in a tougher environment. The internet will play an even bigger role in the development of PRC auto industry. The revision and implementation of the Administrative Measures on the Sales of Automobile (}l .U{tl) will cause uncertainty to the auto industry.
The development model of automobile dealers is also experiencing a deeper reform and different policies are expected to be launched to restrict auto sales of cities.
From the perspective of Dongfeng Motor Group, we will take a cautious attitude towards these potential risks and deep-rooted problems. Such potential risks include the unstable Sino-Japanese relationship, major investment risks, international operation risks and overseas business risks. In view of the above challenges, Dongfeng Motor Group will exert a great effort in the following aspects in 2015: 1. With an aim to achieve sound and stable development, Dongfeng Motor Group will strive for its growth. In order to operate effectively, Dongfeng Motor Group targets to adjust its structure and maintain effective risk control and prevention.
2. Dongfeng Motor Group will encourage its growth by innovation. Dongfeng Motor Group will further enhance its technology development and expand its own brand passenger vehicles business. In addition to consolidating its leading position of commercial vehicles, Dongfeng Motor Group will also put great efforts in the development of new energy vehicles and will establish remarkable technical team.
3. Dongfeng Motor Group targets to enhance its capacity of international operation. Dongfeng Motor Group will ensure the sound development of joint ventures and will proactively promote the strategic partnership with PSA. Dongfeng Motor Group will grasp all favorable opportunities to expand its business worldwide, with a focus on key regions and overseas markets.
4. Dongfeng Motor Group will carry out reformation and ensure its corporate governance is in compliance with 
The new economic norm will bring both challenges and hopes, and will also become a driving force for development.
Dongfeng Motor Group will adapt to the new norm and strive for steady growth by maintaining its leading position in the new norm. Dongfeng Motor Group is devoted to creating long-term and stable return for the shareholders with its 
25 March 2015 