Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the annual report of the Company for 2012 for your review.
The general PRC auto industry was under a slow growth in 2012. Approximately 19,306,400 vehicles were sold by domestic automobile manufacturers, representing an increase of approximately 4.3% over last year. Sales volume of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately 15,495,200 units and 3,811,200 units respectively, representing an increase of approximately 7.1% and a decrease of approximately 5.5% over last year.
In 2012, the auto market in China had the following signifi cant changes. Firstly, passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles had completely different market characteristics. Sales of general passenger vehicles other than mini vans (including sedans, SUVs and MPVs) grew by approximately 7.5% as compared to last year. Due to their general use, the demand of passenger vehicles is less elastic than that of the commercial vehicles. Secondly, the performance of different segments in the passenger vehicle market varied signifi cantly. Sales of SUV and sedan grew by approximately 25.5% and 5.1% respectively. The passenger vehicle market has become mature with very diversifi ed products to meet different demands of customers. Thirdly, the commercial vehicle market remained sluggish as in 2011 due to the unfavourable economic conditions. Lastly, due to the row between China and Japan over Diaoyu Islands broke out in mid September, sales of Japanese-brand passenger vehicles and the auto market as a whole were severely 
Aggregate number of vehicles sold by Dongfeng Motor Group in 2012 was approximately 2,155,400 units, representing a decrease of approximately 0.8% over last year. Sales volume of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately 1,740,700 units and 414,800 units, representing an increase of approximately 5.7% and a decrease of approximately 21.2% respectively. Dongfeng Motor Group recorded a lower sales growth than the industry average, which was mainly due to (1) the growth in sales for the previous years were exceptionally higher than market average, which limited the signifi cance of growth in the year in terms of percentage; (2) the commercial vehicle market was affected by the prolonged economic downturn and Dongfeng was no exception as its commercial vehicles were mainly used for logistics; and (3) sales of Dongfeng Nissan and Dongfeng Honda fell below the sales targets as sales in Japanese-brand passenger vehicles signifi cantly decreased as a whole since mid-September.
In 2012, the Group s sales revenue was approximately RMB124,036 million, representing a decrease of approximately 5.6% over the last year. The sales revenues of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately RMB96,042 million and RMB26,831 million, representing an increase of approximately 1.2% and a decrease of approximately 24.4% respectively.
Profi t attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB9,092 million, which was approximately 13.3% lower than that of last year.
In 2012, despite the challenging business environment, Dongfeng Motor Group actively responded to risks and challenges to ensure smooth implementation of its business strategy. The Group focused on management, product development, brand building, sales network optimization and quality and cost control. On the other hand, Dongfeng Motor Group endeavoured to overcome the diffi culties and challenges brought by the Diaoyu Islands dispute. The Group strengthened internal management and control, promptly adjusted production systems, reinforced the coordination between upstream and downstream industries and adjusted marketing strategies. Basically, the supply chain system and sales network were secure and stable, which paved the way for subsequent recovery of the market.
The PRC auto industry, in particular passenger vehicle market, has entered to a new development stage. The growth in general consumption market provided momentum and tremendous room for improvement. Along with the market expansion, different market segments will develop and result in keen competition and more uncertainties.
Dongfeng Motor Group will proactively respond to business opportunities and challenges by speeding up transformation and strengthening in-house capacity. It will further enhance the cooperation of joint venture in order to facilitate and expand the development of joint venture business. The Group will pursue its overseas expansion strategies by strengthening its overseas business.
Looking forward, the PRC auto industry will maintain a steady growth and uncertainty in Japanese-brand vehicles will remain in 2013. Dongfeng Motor Group will enhance consciousness of the complicated market trend and implemented various measures to improve risk management. Being market and results-oriented, the Company will implement more fl exible and practical marketing policies to foster the overall turnover and growth of product sales and fi nancial results, laying a solid foundation for the long-term development of the Group and sustainable shareholders return of the Group.

27 March 2013 