Chairman’s  Statement
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to report that 2016 was a year of
progress for the Company. During the period,
RUSAL achieved robust earnings and continued
to execute its growth strategy. This was
accomplished despite the year being marked
by a turbulent external environment and is a
testament to RUSAL’s efficient business model,
operational success and focus on our key priorities.
This focus on key strategic priorities meant
that RUSAL was not only able to navigate a
period of volatile prices, but was also able to
strengthen the business so as to improve the
foundations for the Company’s long term development.
RUSAL’s key priorities are described below:
Priority 1 - Maintaining the Company’s
position as one of the most efficient and
lowest cost producers worldwide
RUSAL continued to focus on operational efficiency
and improvement at every level across
the business – from bauxite mining and aluminium
smelting to logistics and our sales network.
These improvements had a positive impact
on our business and helped us to achieve
solid results. During the year, our cash cost
per tonne decreased to USD1,333 and we
reached Adjusted EBITDA of USD1,489 million
with a healthy EBITDA margin of 18.65%.
We will continue to implement the RUSAL business
system which ensures that the most efficient
production practices are closely followed.
Priority 2: Increasing sales of value
added products (VAP). Further
strengthening RUSAL’s position in key
markets including Europe, Asia and the
United States, further sales growth
in its domestic market
In 2016 RUSAL increased its sales of VAP by
impressive 7% YoY and made an important investment
into VAP in order to support its expansion.
At the Sayanogorsk smelter, a project
to produce 120,000 tonnes of alloys is nearing
completion. At Krasnoyarsk smelter, two largescale
projects to produce billets and slabs are
progressing to plan. During 2016, the Company
developed new types of VAP products and
improved the quality of some existing products.
Our regional network expanded with the
opening of offices in Singapore and Seoul. The
Russian market also ended the year on a high
note. The recently adopted government program
to boost demand for high added value
aluminium products was supported by the efforts
undertaken by the Russian Aluminium
association, and the establishment of Aluminium
Valley in Siberia. In addition, an overall
improvement in Russia’s economic outlook
indicates positive prospects for the ‘winged
metal’ in the region.
Priority 3: Focus on innovation
and technological development
A key breakthrough during the year was the
launch of ultra-high power RA-550 cells with
the best environmental and power indicators
for these type of pots at our Sayanogorsk
smelter. Technical solutions help to solve key
global problems relating to increasing the amperage
of ultra-high power cells. RA-550 is both
a technical and engineering breakthrough and
all at RUSAL are extremely proud of it. RUSAL
made significant progress in producing scandium
oxide extracted from red mud to produce
aluminium-scandium alloys which have huge
potential in the aerospace, transport and energy
industries. Lean-alloyed Al-Sc alloys have
been developed and have already received orders
from European customers in 2016.
Priority 4: Improving the existing capital
structure: (1) further reducing financial
debt; (2) stable payment of dividends
in line with the approved dividend policy
In April 2016, the Company announced that
it had made progress on its debt refinancing.
Following the announcement, RUSAL completed
the prepayment of debt to the amount of
USD524 million. Post the end of the reporting
period, in February 2017 RUSAL completed
its debut offering Eurobonds with a principal
amount of USD600 million and tenor of 5 years.
The success of this transaction is testament
to RUSAL’s credit strength and its name recognition
within the investor community which
builds on its IPO several years ago.
In September 2016 the Board of Directors of
the Company approved an interim dividend
to the aggregate amount of USD250 million
(USD0.01645 per ordinary share) for the financial
year ending 31 December 2016. The
interim dividend was paid on 31 October 2016
obtaining prior consents from certain lenders
of the Company.
Priority 5: Responsible approach to use
of natural resources and commitment
to climate change goals
RUSAL takes seriously its responsibility for addressing
regional and global environmental issues
and finding cutting edge approaches to
solving such problems. All at RUSAL believe
that the Company’s environmental protection
activities are an inherent part of our business
and we remain committed to further contributing
to sustainable public development projects.
We continued to implement various projects
across all our facilities so as to decrease
our environmental footprint. The Company is
proud to have one of the lowest carbon footprints
across the industry and we will continue
pursuing our goal of moving towards 100%
carbon free purchased power in our energy mix
by 2020 for smelters in the Russian Federation.
Finally, I would like to highlight RUSAL’s active
role in addressing social challenges in the
regions in which we operate. Total charitable
donations and investment into social programs
reached USD13.8 million in FY2016. Of
particular note is the Company’s initiative to
support the Guinean government in the fight
against Ebola.
I would like to thank our shareholders, employees,
board members and all stakeholders for their
commitment and support over the year.
Looking to the year ahead, global aluminium
demand is expected to rise by 5.0% YoY with
the aluminium deficit widening to 1.1 million
tonnes. The outlook and prospects for the sector
are therefore positive. Thanks to the work
undertaken by the Company, we are very well
positioned for the future and look to the year
ahead with confidence.
Matthias Warnig
Chairman of the Board