Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the annual report of the Company for 2013 for your review.
The PRC auto industry achieved rapid growth in 2013.
Annual sales volume of domestic automobile manufacturers exceeded 20,000,000 units for the fi rst time, increasing to approximately 21,984,100 units by approximately 13.9% over last year. Sales volume of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately 17,928,900 units and 4,055,200 units, representing increases of approximately 15.7% and 6.4% over last year, respectively.
The growth in segments was remarkable, particularly SUVs, MPVs and heavy trucks, which grew by 49.4%, 164.5% (partly due to changes in calculation method) and 21.7% over last year, respectively.
In 2013, the auto market in China grew faster than expected, which was mainly attributable to the following reasons.
Firstly, the market base became relatively low after the slow market adjustment in 2011 and 2012. Coupled with rising demands, the auto market growth picked up momentum.
Secondly, the sales of Japanese-brand vehicles affected by the Diaoyu Islands incident in September 2012 revived gradually to the pre-incident level as at the end of 2013, which stabilized the overall market and boosted its growth.
Thirdly, as the general economic situation has bottomed out and stabilized, the commercial vehicles market maintained steady growth. Customers purchased commercial vehicles in advance of the implementation of the State IV Emission Standards. Fourthly, the rapid growth of various market segments, including the SUV, MPV and heavy truck markets, further boosted the growth of the whole industry, and these market segments will continue to maintain their growth rates above the average industry level.
Aggregate number of vehicles sold by Dongfeng Motor Group in 2013 was approximately 2,567,700 units, representing an increase of approximately 19.1% over the corresponding period of last year, and the market share was approximately 11.7%, representing an increase of 0.52 percentage point over the corresponding period of last year.
The numbers of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles sold were approximately 2,118,500 units and 449,200 units, representing an increase of approximately 21.7% and 8.3%, respectively, over the corresponding period of last year. The monthly growth of sales of Dongfeng Motor Group rebounded over the year. Bottoming out from the negative growth in 2012, the growth of sales of the Group caught up with the overall industry level and outperformed its peers in the fourth quarter of 2013. Annual production and sales targets and planned increment of market shares were over- accomplished. The growth trend of production and sales in the year was mainly attributable to the gradual recovery of Japanese-brand market from the beginning of the year, the impact of the launch of new vehicle models on the production and sales progress as well as the recovery and growth of heavy trucks since mid-2013.
As the amendment to the International Financial Reporting Standards in relation to joint venture arrangement has taken effect since 2013, the Group adopted equity method for joint ventures instead of proportionate consolidation method to consolidate the joint ventures when preparing the consolidated fi nancial statement for the year beginning on or after 1 January 2013. For the convenience of the shareholders and investors to read and understand its fi nancial data, the Group will disclose certain fi nancial data of joint ventures and simulation of fi nancial data using the proportionate consolidation method in this annual report and subsequent annual reports, except the fi nancial report. In accordance with the revised accounting standard, the sales revenue of the Group for 2013 was approximately RMB37,263 million, representing an increase of approximately 511.9% as compared with the restated fi gures of the corresponding period of 2012. Based on the proportionate consolidation method, the sales revenue of the Group for the year would be approximately RMB161,253 million, representing an increase of approximately 30.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, and the sales revenues of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately RMB116,539 million and RMB43,191 million, representing increases of approximately 21.3% and 61.0% as compared with the corresponding period of last year, respectively. In 2013, profi t attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB10,528 million, representing an increase of approximately 15.8% as compared with the corresponding period of last year.
In 2013, the overall auto market in China was on a rapid growth track with intensifi ed competition and fragmented brands and segments. Although the momentum was expected to maintain, factors such as energy supply, environmental pollution, traffi c congestion and policy adjustment may bring unpredictable fl uctuations and uncertainties to the market. In the face of the continuous growth, ample market opportunities as well as the challenging and complicated market environment, Dongfeng Motor Group exerted its efforts in the following aspects in 2013 to ensure all operating targets were achieved as 
1. The Group implemented plans to maintain growth, which focused on the recovery of Japanese-brand market. It also strived for the recovery of production, sales and market shares as aggregate growth in sales had stayed below the industry level since September 
2. The Group strengthened business of its brand name and continued to enhance its innovation capabilities, realizing the rapid growth of proprietary brands and joint venture brands such as Dongfeng Fengshen, Dongfeng Future, Dongfeng Nissan and Venucia.
Research and development capabilities were further enhanced and development of human resources was enriched and consolidated.
3. The Group launched strategic new models, including 3008, New Teana (eNN)Y_|) and Jade (pg_) , as scheduled in line with market demands. Satisfactory sales were recorded. Innovative marketing modes, in particular the target-driven marketing strategy invented by Dongfeng Nissan, were adopted to achieve the production and sales targets of the year.
4. The Group continued to implement management improvement plan and strengthened control over costs and expenses. Financial and management transformation was expedited to optimize operation and management and ensure better fi nancial results attributable to the growth of production and sales.
5. The Group formulated new strategies and implemented new business plans as scheduled, including the restructuring of the medium and heavy commercial vehicle business, the entering of joint venture agreement with Volvo, the set-up of joint venture with Renault S.A. and the establishment of Dongfeng Renault S.A. Nissan alliance in China.
Currently, the overall auto market in China, especially the passenger vehicles market, is ever-chaning. Continuous market growth will be propelled by consumption.
Imbalanced economic development and cultural and regional differences will result in market diversifi cation while new consumption groups are emerging with distinctive demands. Coupled with resources limitation, environmental protection pressure and market impacts of international politics, there will be intensifi ed market competition and more uncertainties. It will be more diffi cult to predict market movement and fl uctuation, hindering the implementation of 
In addition, the structural reform of the economy of China will enter into a new phase where the role of the government will be changed and the market will be a decisive element in resources allocation. More private capital will be invested in state-owned enterprises to achieve equity diversifi cation reform. The traditional mode of economic expansion is no longer sustainable. The PRC economy will shift to a new development mode driven by technology advancement, information technology and consumption.
In view of the complicated industry environment and ever-changing global economy, Dongfeng Motor Group will enhance its reform and innovation efforts for effi cient business optimization and resources allocation in 2014 and in the future. Management procedures and performance management system will be refi ned to improve the performance appraisal mechanism of all business units and segments. The Group will reinforce comprehensive budget management and continue its cost control of the whole value chain. It will enrich its product mix and increase investment in research and development to enhance product competitiveness. Further market development efforts will be made through the transformation of marketing mode. It will strive to establish new leading advantages by strengthening cooperation, merger, acquisition and restructuring and expediting major strategic projects. The Group will also optimize its organizational structure and integrate core resources to facilitate the development of self-owned technology and brands. The Group will speed up its overseas expansion strategies and improve overseas business mode. Efforts will be stepped up for the development of value chain business of automobile and the fi nancial business system in order to transform its profi t- making model. It will place emphasis on safe production, energy saving and emission reduction with a view to fulfi lling its corporate social responsibilities.
All the directors of the Company believe that the above efforts will help to lay a foundation for the sustainable and healthy growth of Dongfeng Motor Group. Every member of the Board of this session will be committed to creating better return for the shareholders and contributing to the 
28 March 2014 