Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the annual report of the Company for 2015 for your review.
In 2015, the Chinese economy entered the new normal. Under the increasing pressure of macro-economic downturn, the slowdown in the growth of automobile industry became more prominent.
In 2015, the sales volume of vehicles in Chinese automobile market amounted to 24,597,600 units, representing an increase of 4.7% as compared with the corresponding period last year. The overall automobile industry showed a sign of three downs and three ups .
Three downs indicates: a slowdown in the growth of the industry that the sales volume of the entire industry amounted to 24,597,600 units, representing an increase of 4.7% as compared with the corresponding period last year, while the growth speed decreased by 2.2 percentage points; a decrease in sales volume of commercial vehicles that the sales volume amounted to 3,451,300 units, representing a decrease of 9.0%; major corporate efficiency in the industry decreased, and there were different levels of year-on-year decrease of sales revenue, profit and tax.
Three ups indicates: an increase in sales volume of passenger vehicles with 1,600 cubic centimeters (the cc ) or less displacement engines that the sales volume amounted to 14,508,600 units, representing an increase of 10.4%, accounting for 68.6% of the sales volume of passenger vehicles; an increase in the sales volume of self-owned brand passenger vehicles that the sales volume amounted to 8,728,400 units, representing an increase of 17.3% as compared with the corresponding period last year; an increase in the sales volume of new energy vehicles that the sales volume amounted to 331,000 units, representing an increase of 3.4 times as compared with the corresponding period last year.
Facing complex and changeable economy and market environment, Dongfeng Motor Group insisted on the principle of enlargement on the basis of enhancement and optimization and carried out risk prevention and control for the ever-changing market in order to maintain stable operation. In 2015, the total sales of Dongfeng Motor Group amounted to approximately 2,867,000 units, representing an increase of 3.8% as compared with the corresponding period last year with a market share of 11.7%; among which, the sales volume of passenger vehicles amounted to approximately 2,521,800 units, representing an increase of 7.8% as compared with the corresponding period last year with a market share of 11.9%; the sales volume of commercial vehicles amounted to approximately 345,200 units, representing a decrease of 18.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year with a market share of 
In 2015, the Group recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB126,566 million, representing an increase of 52.3% as compared with the corresponding period last year. Based on the proportionate consolidation method, the sales revenue of the Group for the whole year amounted to approximately RMB226,863 million, representing an increase of 14.6% as compared with the corresponding period last year. The sales revenue of passenger vehicles amounted to RMB180,024 million, representing an increase of 27.1% as compared with the corresponding period last year.
The sales revenue of commercial vehicles amounted to RMB46,753 million, representing an decrease of 16.2 % as compared with the corresponding period last year. The financial business revenue amounted to RMB2,518 million, representing an increase of 28.7% as compared with the corresponding period last year. In 2015, profit attributable to shareholders was RMB11,550 million, representing a decrease of RMB1,247 million as compared with the corresponding period last year.
In 2015, the operation of Dongfeng Motor Group had the following characteristics: 1. The steadily increase in sales volume of passenger vehicle. The sales volume of passenger vehicles amounted to 2,521.8 thousand units, representing an increase of 7.8% as compared with the corresponding period last year and indicating a stable market performance. Among which, the sales volume of Dongfeng Nissan Passenger Vehicle Company reached over 1 million units, sales volume of Dongfeng Peugeot Citron Automobiles Company Ltd. reached another 700 thousand units, sales volume of Dongfeng Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. reached over 400 thousand units and sales volume of Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor Co., Ltd.
and Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle Company broke the historical record, all of which supported the Company to achieve the operation target.
2. A more satisfying performance in self-owned brand passenger vehicles. The product portfolio of self-owned brand products was further enriched with more than 20 different kinds of self-owned brand products. The Company pushed the self-owned brand products and business towards high value adding. The successfully launched Dongfeng Fengshen AX7 and the high-end self-owned brand including the upcoming Dongfeng A9 will improve the profitability of self-owned business of Dongfeng.
3. A more rapid growth in the sales volume of new energy vehicles. The annual sales volume of pure electric vehicles of the Company reached over 15 thousand units, representing a twelve times growth as compared with the corresponding period last year which is more rapid than the growth of the industry.
4. Increase in market share of heavy and medium trucks. Sales volume of heavy trucks outperformed other operators in the industry. Market shares of heavy trucks and medium trucks increased by 0.51 percentage point and 2.3 percentage points as compared with the corresponding period last year, respectively.
5. Strengthening of inventory management and consolidation of operating foundation, with a focus on risk prevention and continuous improvement in inventories. At the end of 2015, the overall inventories of Dongfeng Motor Group decreased by 12.7% as compared with that of the beginning of the year. Most inventories of the whole vehicle segment decreased in a certain extent.
At present, The Chinese economy is entering into a new normal of development of fast changes, optimized structure and alternating momentum . However, there are still many favorable factors in China including a strong asset base, huge market demands, extensive room for regional development and improvement in production element. The Chinese economy can achieve soft landing and grow steadily in the future.
With the entering of new normal of the Chinese economy, there are also many new characteristics, changes and challenges in the Chinese automobile industry. In short, during the period of 13th Five-Year Plan, automobile market will grow moderately and the characteristics of changes in product structure will be significant. High-technology, personalized, diversified and quality products will be the mainstream of market demand. Technologies, products, method of design and manufacturing, consumption pattern and industrial landscape of automobiles will be reformed substantially, and development pace of energy conservation and emission reduction and new energy vehicles will be further accelerated. In view of the rapid changes in markets, policies, regulations and local consumption practices, etc., uncertainties will become a significant characteristic.
2016 marks the beginning of the China s 13th Five-Year Plan, and so for the Dongfeng Motor Group. To address the new normal of the Chinese economy and new characteristics, changes and challenges in the automobile industry, Dongfeng Motor Group will strive to fulfill following tasks: 1. Stabilizing growth, preventing risks and grasping opportunities, and promoting steadily the operation towards a new platform. Dongfeng Motor Group adopts effective measures to promote marketing and continues to leverage on the opportunities of implementation of policy in respect of a 50 percent tax reduction in buying vehicles for passenger vehicles which are under 1,600 cc and the fast growth of SUV market, while increasing efforts in market expansion. It increases the efficiency and performance of its vehicles and speeds up to create a batch of popular products. Dongfeng Motor Group closely monitors the emergence of patterns for new consumption and use of vehicles, innovates marketing strategies and improves the accuracy of marketing.
2. Strengthening the basis and fundamentals and promoting the achievement of new breakthrough of the proprietary business. Dongfeng Motor Group will further utilize various resources inside and outside the Group as well as at home and abroad in the future, enhance key capabilities of development and control including the development of engines and gear boxes, accelerate the optimization of product platform and overcome shortcomings, in order to comprehensively improve abilities of technology, products, key match, manufacture, marketing, services and branding of the proprietary business and enhance the competitiveness of the proprietary brand series.
3. Determined to promote the fast development of new energy vehicles. In the future, Dongfeng Motor Group will further push forward the research and control of electronic control and energy management system, power control system, batteries group technology and core technologies in relation to motor development and 
4. Focusing on fostering the systematic ability and promoting steadily overseas businesses. Under the premises that risks are controllable and income is increased, Dongfeng Motor Group steadily expands the overseas market. It actively embraces the strategy of One Belt, One Road , explores deeply market opportunities, grasps actively the opportunities of the national and central enterprises key projects to go out so as to heighten the international recognition of Dongfeng s brands. Dongfeng Motor Group targets stable and mature markets and capitalized on its abilities of overseas business utilizing its product advantages.
5. Enhancing the study of new landscape in automobile industry and actively deploying in such landscape. In the future, Dongfeng Motor Group will innovate systems and models and explore the possibility of establishing an integrated big data center of the Company through positively utilizing Internet to expand high-end business.
It strengthens automobile e-commerce business and proactively expand and develop businesses such as vehicle finance leasing and second-hand vehicle business.
6. Achieving in stable, orderly and firmly promoting and deepening reform.
New concept promoting new development under the new normal. Dongfeng Motor Group will further increase quality while enhancing efficiency, improve the Company s operating quality; it will further promote innovative drive and strengthen core competitiveness of the enterprise; it will continue to deepen reform and motivate the enterprise for development, so as to achieve doing stronger and better of Dongfeng Motor Group and facilitate the sustained and stable development of the Company, thereby bringing continual and stable returns to all our shareholders.

29 March 2016 