Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the annual report of the Company for 2011 for your review.
The growth of PRC auto industry slowed down in 2011.
Approximately 18,505,100 vehicles were sold by domestic automobile manufacturers, representing an increase of approximately 2.5% over last year. Sales volume of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately 14,472,400 units and 4,032,700 units respectively, representing an increase of approximately 5.2% and a decrease of approximately 6.3% over last year.
Fluctuations in the market and the slowdown of the industry were mainly due to the following reasons. Firstly, the industry was undergoing adjustment after the dramatic growth over last two years. It is expected that the growth of the market will return to stable. Secondly, the consumer confi dence was adversely affected by the slowdown of economic growth and macro tightening policies, which especially restricted demand for commercial vehicles. Lastly, auto parts and components supply chain was disrupted by precipitating factors such as the earthquake in Japan. As a result, various vehicle models experienced production suspension or short supply due to the shortfall of parts.
In spite all these negative factors, Dongfeng Motor Group managed to achieve a growth which was around 5 times that of the industry average in 2011. Aggregate numbers of vehicles sold by Dongfeng Motor Group were approximately 2,172,700 units, representing an increase of approximately 11.7% over last year. Sales volume of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately 1,646,400 units and 526,300 units, representing an increase of approximately 16.1% and a decrease of approximately 0.3%. In 2011, the Group s sales revenue was approximately RMB131,441 million, representing an increase of approximately 7.4% over the last year. The sales revenues of passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles were approximately RMB94,921 million and RMB35,473 million, representing an increase of approximately 7.7% and 6.1% respectively. Profi t attributable to shareholders of the Company was approximately RMB10,481 million, which was approximately 4.6% lower than that of last year. Dongfeng Motor Group s overall business and fi nancial performances surpassed the industry average and achieved its annual target. Leveraging on its risk resistance experience and capacity, the market shares of the Group increased and its position in the market was further consolidated.
2011 is the fi rst year of Dongfeng Motor Group s twelfth fi ve-year plan. In response to risks and challenges, all business units of the Group exerted efforts in strengthening capabilities in internal control, response to precipitating factors, launch of new products, sales of existing models, expansion of sales network, quality and cost control. As a result, the twelfth fi ve-year plan got off to a good star.
In 2011, Dongfeng Motor Group enhanced its efforts in developing its own brand business and its innovation capability was further strengthened. Dongfeng Motor Group s own brand commercial vehicle business gained more competitive advantages and the Group s own brand passenger vehicles further enriched its product mix, while the joint venture local brand passenger vehicles business is also gaining momentum. Dongfeng Motor Group further improved its R&D and mass production capability in new energy vehicles. Furthermore, the Group also strengthened its overall R&D capacity and recruited more talents.
In 2011, Dongfeng Motor Group took an important step forward in leveraging synergy among its various business segments. As a result, the strategic synergy was full initiated between whole vehicle business and parts and components business, joint venture business and own brand vehicle business, newly established business and traditional business, domestic business and global business.
Currently, with continuous increase of Chinese people s per capita disposable income and consumption capability, comparatively lower vehicle penetration rate, strong demand for vehicles in tier two, tier three cities, together with the strong replacement demand in tier one cities, we are confi dent that there are still a lot of opportunities and bright prospect for Chinese auto industry, especially for passenger vehicle segment. As for commercial vehicle sector, with the stable development of Chinese economy, the industry will be more consolidated and favor those competitive enterprises.
Despite the adjustment and fl uctuation in 2011, we are still confi dent of the medium to long term development of Chinese auto industry because the industry is still in its golden growth stage. At the mean time, we also remain sober-minded of the fact that with the further development of the industry, the competition will be more severe. The Company will quickly adapt to market change and make proper adjustment and improvement in its operation and management so as to counter risks and uncertainties.
Aiming to maintain its results and cope with long-term challenges, based on the strategies of twelfth fi ve-year plan in 2012, we will push forward the development of joint venture and strengthen our own businesses. In order to ensure the coordination and stable development of all businesses of Dongfeng Motor Group, we will strengthen our synergy and balance, and reform and refi ne our management system. Adhering to our profi t-oriented principle, we will expand our operating scale in a rational manner so as to consolidate and enhance our position in the industry and lay a solid foundation for the long term development of the Group and to create values for our 
27 March 2012 