I am pleased to present the Annual Report of United Company RUSAL Plc for the year ended 31 December 2010.
2010 was another year of significant development and progress for UC RUSAL, our first as a listed company following the successful listing of the Company s Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Global Depositary Shares on the Euronext in Paris. Despite the first part of 2010 being affected by the global economic crisis, we were able to maintain our global leadership position in the aluminium production industry. The Company s strategy and core values of efficiency, transparency and courage enabled us to deliver significant value, not just for our Shareholders but also for our partners across the globe. As a result of our operational flexibility, diversified assets and sustainable low cost production, we were able to meet the rising demand for aluminium by increasing production volumes at many of our economically and environmentally efficient 
UC RUSAL s listing was a historic event and we are extremely proud to be the first company with Russian assets to be listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and to conduct a simultaneous listing on exchanges in Hong Kong and Paris. Our belief and faith in the listing has been validated by the continuing demand for, and interest in, the Company s Shares and we are delighted that Russian investors are now also able to invest indirectly in the Company following the landmark listing of Russian Depositary Receipts representing the Company s Shares on the MICEX and the RTS. I have great pleasure in welcoming our new investors and look forward to sharing the future success of the Company 
2010 was the first year for us as a listed company and we have made considerable efforts to meet market standards of disclosure and investor relations as well as the requirements of regulatory authorities and 
During the past year, we reduced the initial minimum board lot size on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange from 24,000 Shares to 1,000 Shares. This resulted in a substantial increase in Asian retail investor activity and improvements in Share liquidity. During the fourth THE COMPANY S STRATEGY AND CORE VALUES OF EFFICIENCY, TRANSPARENCY AND COURAGE ENABLED US TO DELIVER SIGNIFICANT VALUE, NOT JUST FOR OUR SHAREHOLDERS BUT ALSO FOR OUR PARTNERS ACROSS THE GLOBE quarter of 2010, the average daily trading volume of the Shares was 2.3 times greater than the average daily trading volume of the Shares in the third quarter.
The broad Shareholder base of the Company, representing each of the continents and all types and size of investors, has obliged us to focus significant attention on addressing the rights and interests of minority Shareholders. The Company s management regularly visits key investment centres in the world to provide stakeholders and potential investors with updates on the Company s performance.
UC RUSAL continues to be proud of its approach of practising the highest standards of international corporate governance and the Board is committed to ensuring that formal and transparent procedures are in place to protect and maximise the interests of the Shareholders. We demonstrated this in 2010 with the creation of UC RUSAL s Department of Control, Internal Audit and Business Co-ordination as well as the continuous efforts by the Board and its Audit Committee and Corporate Governance and Nominations 
In 2010, UC RUSAL held its first annual general meeting as a listed company, with voter participation of almost 95%. All resolutions proposed at the meeting, which included the reappointment of Board members and the Company s auditor and the refreshing of mandates for the Board to issue and repurchase shares, were passed by an overwhelming majority.
UC RUSAL is a truly global company and our core values underpin our approach of working in collaboration with all partners and local stakeholders to ensure that environmental and sustainability interests are given the highest priority. Over the last five years, UC RUSAL has invested in excess of USD1billion in technical and environmental upgrades aimed at reducing harmful emissions. As an example of our focus on the environment, our project to reduce perfluorocarbon emissions at the Krasnoyarsk aluminium smelter (one of the largest smelters in the world) has been included in the list of approved projects carried out in accordance with Article 6 of the Kyoto Protocol.
We have continued to invest in communities through our sustainable development initiatives. The Company re-launched a number of corporate and social responsibility programmes worldwide, including The Territory of RUSAL , a unique programme which assists the development of social infrastructure and civil society initiatives in regions where the Company operates. UC RUSAL also runs a special programme called Computers for School Students which is aimed at supporting education in various Russian regions.
Following the devastating forest fires that ravaged large areas of Russia during the unprecedented heat of the 2010 summer, the Company funded the construction of homes in the Nizhny Novgorod region of Russia, which suffered the most from this disaster.
As an indication of our commitment to the Asian markets and in order to encourage communication and promote greater understanding between Russia and Asia, UC RUSAL launched a five-year educational partnership with the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST). This joint project is aimed at fostering joint scientific research, addressing pressing environmental issues and promoting co- operation between young scientists from the two 
2010 has seen the Company make significant strides in the repayment of its debt ahead of schedule and control its production costs even further to achieve one of the lowest production costs across the whole aluminium industry. Throughout the year, the Company remained true to its core values that helped steer it through the global economic downturn. This, combined with the tireless work of our employees, means that we are excellently positioned to meet the growing global demand for aluminium. Our renewed financial strength and the ongoing support of our major lenders has enabled UC RUSAL to refocus on delivering increased production in 2011 and beyond.
The Company would not be the world s leading aluminium producer without the dedication and commitment of our staff across the globe. Our corporate culture and values remain at the centre of UC RUSAL IS A TRULY GLOBAL COMPANY AND OUR CORE VALUES UNDERPIN OUR APPROACH OF WORKING IN COLLABORATION WITH ALL PARTNERS AND LOCAL STAKEHOLDERS TO ENSURE THAT ENVIRONMENTAL AND 
ARE GIVEN THE HIGHEST 
everything we do and on behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all of the members of our global team for their contribution to our success.
Aluminium continues to be at the forefront of advancements in a number of industries, most notably within the automotive sector, where the drive to increase fuel efficiency by using lighter weight materials like aluminium is leading to radical changes in production processes. Looking towards the future, we are well positioned to take advantage of this and other positive long term industry fundamentals as we continue to forge ahead with our growth strategy.
We are grateful to all the investors who continue to believe in UC RUSAL and look forward to the bright future that lies ahead of us. On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank you for your continued trust and 
CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD 28 April 2011 