A letter from our Chairman
Dear Shareholders,
Amid challenging market conditions in 2016, Li & Fung continued to execute our strategies
of simplifying the business, strengthening the balance sheet and focusing on organic growth.
These strategies and efforts reflect our belief in nurturing long-term sustainable growth for
the company.
2016 marked the 110th anniversary for Li & Fung. Decade after decade, we have gone through
numerous political, business and economic cycles; whereby we maintain our leadership position
in global supply chain management for consumer goods. At Li & Fung, we operate on a threeyear
framework. We will be starting a new Three-Year Plan in 2017. Every three years, we
start our plan on a zero base and fundamentally question our existing practices and reinvent
ourselves in response to internal and external changes, and formulate innovative strategies to
help our customers navigate the present dramatic changes in the major consumer markets.
On Global Trade
We are facing a unique period of geopolitical uncertainties which may lead to significant
impact on global trade. For instance, the Brexit vote will likely pose challenges for Europe and
countries trading with Europe. Similarly, the protectionist stance promoted by the new US
President is likely to trigger reverberating consequences to trade with America. Together with
the US’ withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), potential amendments to the North
America Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the proposal for a border tax on imports, all will
have a material impact on global trade flows. Brands and retailers will need to reconsider the
economics of their entire supply chains amidst greater complexities and uncertainties in the
sourcing landscape. With Li & Fung’s vast experience, expertise and unrivaled global network,
we are well-positioned to help our customers steer and transition through these volatile times.
On a brighter note, we also saw the recent ratification of World Trade Organization’s Trade
Facilitation Agreement. This multilateral trading agreement is expected to boost global trade as
the trade process becomes more transparent, streamlined, predictable and less discriminatory.
The import/export process will be shortened as a result, saving time in the supply chain which
is in need of shorter order cycles. With China continuing its investment in the One-Belt-OneRoad
initiative and its push for advancing further trade deals in the APEC region, we expect the
relevance and advantages of the current production countries to be sustained for some time,
even if cross-border trade is affected by global political dynamics.
While some of these situations are alarming, they also present opportunities for Li & Fung, as
historically we always thrived when the sourcing landscape becomes more complex. At testing
times like these, our breadth and depth of experience in global supply chain management,
together with our extensive global network of vendors, both in competitive developing markets
and inside importing countries, are particularly valuable.
On Retail
Over the past few years, the retail market has been adjusting to a sea change of disruptions,
including the advent of e-commerce and the development of omni-channel strategies by brickand-mortar
retailers. We believe these developments are positive for the retail industry as ways
to service internet-enabled consumers become more varied. At Li & Fung, we are exposed to
an array of exciting opportunities from new players and channels in the retail space. Our trading
business is increasingly developing and sourcing private label collections for online retailers who
recognize the need for product differentiation in order to stay competitive, while our logistics
business has seen tremendous growth in its service offerings in the e-logistics business in Asia.
On the one hand, even as the retail marketplace becomes highly digitalized, the global supply
chains servicing that marketplace remain fundamentally analog. We have been rapidly digitizing
and transforming our supply chains to synchronize with this digitized consumer space where
speed, ability to iterate, transparency and traceability are key. In the previous Three-Year Plan,
Li & Fung has been experimenting with and rolling out technologies that digitize and enhance
our supply chains, such as RFID tags that trace individual pieces of products, GPS-enabled
quality control coordination, virtual sampling, online product costing, product lifecycle
management platforms and digitization of raw material libraries. In the coming Three-Year Plan,
our vision is to create a digital platform that will connect these activities along the entire supply
chain to maximize efficiency, greatly improve response speed, and provide end-to-end visibility
for our customers.
On our Three-Year Plan
In doing so, we will become a global end-to-end supply chain solutions provider, which can
enhance speed, innovation and digitalization along the chain. This vision is at the heart of our
new Three-Year Plan for 2017-2019. The consumer space is still rapidly changing and evolving.
As a leading orchestrator in the global supply chain, we are in the best position to transform
analog supply chains to digitalized ones, in order to serve the digitalized consumer space. In our
sourcing services business, we will continue to focus on the development of value-adding supply
chain services, which will be an extension of the suite of services that was successfully launched
under Vendor Support Services (VSS). We envision this to be a complete transformation of our
core supply chain business. On our product-based principal business, our focus will remain on
the key product verticals with deep product expertise to supply innovative and technologicallyadvanced
products to our customers. To enable an intense focus on these two arenas, one
offering supply chain services and the other marketing and selling of products, our Group CEO,
Spencer Fung, will primarily focus on building a digitized state-of-the-art services organization
while I will personally take charge of reinventing the products side of the business. Through this
reorganization, we will transform our core business with a new focus on global supply chain
solutions of the future. This new direction is aligned with our new Three-Year Plan objectives of
speed, innovation and digitalization, allowing us to further drive value creation in our customers’
supply chains.
On our Prospects
Our expectations for 2017 continue to be conservative. While the US and European economies
are recovering, the global macro situation is becoming more complex and uncertain as a result
of ongoing geopolitical tensions. The impact of Brexit on Li & Fung’s business is uncertain and
is likely to be felt over the next few years. Outlook for the US remains clouded by the possible
decisions of the new US government, with potentially extensive and long-term impacts on
the US economy and global trade. Any imposition of trade restrictions, such as countervailing
tariffs or new border-based import taxes, will require urgent re-examination of the supply chain
economics for our US customers along with the probable need to alter their sourcing strategies
and/or production countries, including potentially production back onshore in the US. However,
for product categories such as apparel and footwear, we do not foresee significant decanting
of production from Asia in the short term due to the lack of appropriate labor, production
expertise and raw materials in the US. We believe the costs of such trade restrictions, if enacted,
will eventually be transferred to consumers who will likely bear the consequences of higher
prices. On a more positive note, the deflation of input prices is anticipated to flatten, providing
some support to our agency revenue. Global freight rates are expected to gradually recover,
benefitting our logistics business, while the demand for e-logistics services will continue to
increase on the back of growing e-commerce activities.
Li & Fung will continue to focus on building a sustainable business which can ride through
various business cycles. We will continue to develop deep product expertise through our
existing product verticals, while incubating others with good potential. These product verticals
have achieved strong growth in 2016, and we expect them to continue to do so in the coming
years. Our logistics business will continue its geographical expansion and customer acquisition
to deliver robust growth momentum, continuing so by taking market share. Our stringent cost
control initiatives in every part of the business will continue in 2017 and are expected to drive
further efficiency and productivity across the organization.
I would like to extend my gratitude to our colleagues for their contribution and hard work over
the past year, and for their commitment to the long-term success of Li & Fung.
We will transform
our core business
with a focus on
global supply chains
for the future.
We are in the
best position to
transform analog
supply chains to
digitalized ones.
Yours sincerely,
William Fung Kwok Lun
Group Chairman