Chairman s statement Although 2009 will be a challenging year, I have full confidence in our 
management team and 
on behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Gome electrical Appliances Holding Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to report the audited financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively Gome or the Group ) for the year ended 31 
2008 was the most difficult year in Gome s history, during which the Group experienced unprecedented challenges in both corporate governance and strategy in response to the growth pressure caused by the overall economic slowdown. In late November 2008, mr. Wong Kwong Yu ( mr. Wong ), our former Chairman of the Board, was unable to perform his executive duties as a result of the investigation launched against him by government authorities in China. This has aroused great concern among the public and all stakeholders. Additionally, the impact of the global economic crisis followed by the slowdown of China s economic growth had deepened since the fourth quarter of last year. Being exposed to a weakening domestic retail environment, the Group was brought under pressure to review its rapid expansion model which had succeeded in recent years over the period of accelerated economic growth.
In such context, I was elected as the Chairman of the Board.
I fully appreciate the trust and understand the responsibilities that come along with the role.
In response to the crisis situation, the Board immediately set up a special action committee (SAC) and activated our internal crisis management systems.
In view of the uncertainties at the time and in the interest of the shareholders, the Company applied to the Hong Kong Stock exchange in a timely manner for the suspension in trading of its shares with effect from 24 November 2008. In order to prevent our daily operations from distractions, the Board made a The total operating area of Gome s stores was over 3,120,000 square meters at the end of 2008.
number of decisions relating to changes in top management and governance in the subsequent weeks, including the appointment of a new Chairman and an acting Chief Financial officer. To protect the interests of shareholders and business partners, the Board also engaged independent third party advisors and auditors to report on the Group s financial position, internal controls of connected transactions and internal risk 
team has been maintaining informative communications with investors, creditors, suppliers, employees and the public with various approaches. Thanks to the above measures, our efforts were recognized by the public, the regulators and our business 
It is reassuring that no irregularity nor misappropriation of funds or assets was identified during our internal audit. The Group has formulated and is implementing specific measures to improve the corporate governance, internal monitoring on connected transactions and internal controls and risk management.

In 2008, the Group realized a sales revenue for the year of approximately RmB45,889 million, up 8.03% from previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders was RmB1,048 million and basic earnings per share was RmB0.082. excluding the non-operating items, the profit from operating activities was RmB1,944 million showing an increase of 7.82% from RmB1,803 million in 2007. In view of the current situation and other potential capital and operational requirements, which might put pressure on working capital, the Board does not recommend payment of final 
The year-on-year increase of sales revenue was moderate. The revenue growth was constrained by a sequence of factors, such as the snow storm at the beginning of 2008, the catastrophic earthquake in Sichuan in may, the flood in South China in June and the traffic control during the olympic Games from July to September. Since october 2008, the market demand in China has met with a sharp decline as a result of the deepening global financial crisis, significantly hampering our sales performance in the fourth quarter.
Nevertheless, Gome still managed to operate the largest retail network in China, with 151 distribution centres and has developed an effective loyalty program with members reaching 22,000,000. The Group s call centres featured 500 operators and the Group s own and contracted repair service stations amounted to 2,376. All of these laid a solid foundation for future 
We have implemented a differentiation strategy in product mix management by increasing the proportion of customized products which carry higher margin in general.
This, combining with the effect unleashed from economies of scale, drove the adjusted gross profit margin further up for the 3rd consecutive year to 16.94%, up 1.30 percentage points from 15.64% recorded last fiscal 
The Group s overall expense ratio increased as a result of increase in rental and salary expenses, fair value loss arising from investment properties, impairment of property, plant and equipment and goodwill. However, only rental and salaries expenses were related to operation and the reasons for such increase were mainly due to the opening of new stores. With adjustment to the overall strategies in the coming year, those expenses will be 
Gome strives to ensure that its development strategies are in line with the market situation.
In the past few years, our expansion strategies were built to benefit from a high growth market environment. And the Group grew its business organically, as well as via mergers and acquisitions.
Thanks to these efforts, both the number of stores and sales generated in each store have achieved a remarkable growth. When an enterprise expands to a certain scale, with a considerable market share, the rules in the market evolve accordingly. This calls for the Group to review the competitive environment, and determine the core capabilities required in the new dynamics, ultimately transform its scale advantage effectively into profitability. In the coming year, the Group will slow its pace in opening new stores, instead steer its focus to increase the efficiency of individual store so as to drive overall profitability growth.
Consumers in China have diverse preferences in choosing electronic products. While consumers in the economically developed regions pay more attention to special features and the appearance and design of electronic products, those in the less economically developed regions, who buy electronic household products for the first time, are more price sensitive, and care about basic features and maintenance costs. In view of the complexity and diversity in consumer demand, the Group will deploy differentiated marketing strategies, targeting customers according to demographic and regional features. Performance indicators driving effective implementation will also be adopted. As such, the Group will set industry leading service standards with tailored programmes, ultimately maximizing the Group s profitability. These include not only our in-depth exploration in the series and models of electronic products, and our vision on the change in lifestyle as a result of the application of revolutionary technologies, but also our overall care for consumers experience in the store and afterwards. They are all set to get Gome to be recognized as the benchmarking brandname for modern lifestyle.
Suppliers are an essential part in the industry chain. It is important for the Group to continuously review and improve on how to cooperate with suppliers in order to survive in the down cycle of the market. The substitute products developed by applying advanced technology or new inventions introduced in meeting latent demand will directly drive the market growth as consumers aspire to a higher quality of life. An integrated and good relationship among consumers, retailers and suppliers must be achieved in order to ensure the healthy and sustainable development of the entire industry. By duly summarizing past experiences, the Group will launch new terms with its suppliers to maximize the economic benefits of using Gome as an effective platform.
Besides, building steady long- term cooperation with major banks is one of our important tasks. We will strengthen our cooperation with major banks, in an effort to secure the level of working capital required by the 
The Chinese government announced a series of measures to boost the domestic economy and estimated a GDP growth of 8% in 2009. The economic stimulus policy and preferential policy for the home appliance industry, as rolled out by the government, will eventually boost domestic demand and increase the penetration rate of home appliances. Home appliances and the electronic products industry is characterized by its ability to launch new products through continuous 
which in turn serve to attract different consumer segments, thus increasing sales and profit 
In 2009, the Group will focus on the overall upgrading of its flagship stores, introduction of new visual image and refurbishment of its stores facades. Following portfolio rationalisation, the Group will improve the stores ability to attract and retain customers, in order to achieve growth of sales and the consolidated contribution of individual stores through differentiation and strategy by increasing sales proportions of 3C and home appliances.
Although 2009 will be a challenging year, I have full confidence in our management system, management team and staff. At the beginning of 2009, the Group s operational goals were cascaded together with performance appraisal plan, in order to ensure that strategic plans will be effectively 
In 2009, Gome will continue to provide the industry s leading consumer experiences, embracing the most extensive range of products, delivered at the most competitive prices. The Group will offer its suppliers a channel platform that creates optimum economies of scale and efficiency. In such a way, the Group will achieve healthy and sustainable growth of the business, as well as ensuring a long-term and stable return for 
Chairman and President 