Chairman s Statement Victor FUNG Kwok King Li & Fung s strategic approach to growth through diversification has borne fruit with strong results for 2007 despite uncertain 
These results have seen the Group exceed the ambitious targets laid out in the Three-Year Plan back in 2005. I am pleased to report that the target to grow turnover from US$6 billion in 2004 to US$10 billion by 2007, has been exceeded.
Indeed during 2007, the Group recorded turnover of US$11.85 billion (HK$92.46 billion), 19% or US$1.85 billion (HK$14.46 billion) higher than the goal set at the beginning of the last Three-Year Plan.
This result has been achieved against a backdrop of a global economic environment dominated by concerns about a slowing US economy, worldwide inflationary pressures, and the impact of the sub-prime market on consumer sentiment. As the Group s results have indicated, its turnover growth has proved to be resilient and we remain cautiously optimistic going forward.

In 2007, Group turnover increased 36% to US$11.85 billion (HK$92.46 billion). Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$3.06 billion, representing a 39% increase over the HK$2.20 billion for 2006. This result is reflected in the basic earnings per share which were 89.5 HK cents compared with 67.1 HK cents for 2006.
The Group Board of directors has proposed a final dividend of 50 HK cents per share which, together with an interim dividend of 21 HK cents per share, will give a total dividend of 71 HK cents per share for 2007.
Market and Business While the full effects of the slowdown of the US economy remain uncertain, the Group remains cautiously optimistic about prospects for continued growth.
The global trend towards outsourcing has shown no signs of abating despite sluggish sentiment. Indeed, past trends indicate that customers turn to outsourcing in the face of increasing cost pressures in a weak economic environment in order to preserve profit margins.
Li & Fung s capacity to move swiftly and decisively as new, cost-efficient sourcing markets have emerged has placed the Group at the forefront of the sourcing business worldwide. This has brought additional benefits to a growing customer base worldwide for whom time and cost are 
Much of the Group s success during 2007 has been derived from the Group s continued adherence to its growth strategy, undertaking both organic business expansion and selective strategic acquisitions. This has underpinned our increased diversification plans which formed a key part of our Three-Year Plan 2005-2007.
This diversification has been undertaken across business lines and across geographies and will continue to form an important platform of our new Three-Year Plan. While the US market remains important to the Group, we expect to see continued growth in turnover from Europe as seen in the increase of share of turnover to 26% in 2007 from 18% in 2006 .
Expansion into new business lines opened new avenues for growth and new consumer markets for the Group.
Specifically, Li & Fung expanded into Health, Beauty and Cosmetics for the first time through the acquisition of CGroup and, through the acquisition of Peter Black, broadened its Footwear line significantly, particularly in the UK. Such acquisitions are well positioned to complement the existing core sourcing business.
This expansion has increased the Group s overall offering to customers around the world which is now more comprehensive and efficient.
Growth has also been derived from the US onshore business through our active involvement in the proprietary brands 
The need for ever faster and more efficient ways to bring goods to market remains a hallmark of the global marketplace. The Group has continued to explore new opportunities to meet these needs and, in particular, to reduce the lead-time of product lines such as fashion, which are highly dependent upon quick responses to market 
Inflationary pressures are widespread and have impacted on some core source markets, such as China. The Group s ability to source across more than 40 economies has positioned us well. This has seen the continued growth of some important source markets during the year under review such as Vietnam and Turkey which have both grown by 69% and 59% respectively for Li & Fung. China, which continued to act as a key source country, grew during 2007 by 33%, the eighth ranked source market in terms of growth. Furthermore, in 2007, we have expanded our network further by opening office in Changsha, China; Lucca, Italy; Casablanca, Morocco; Moscow, Russia; Keighley, UK; and Trowbridge, UK.
While less than half of the Group s products were sourced from China (48%) in 2007, we expect China to remain an important market in global sourcing.
The spread of source markets across different geographies has reflected the increased segmentation of customer needs. Global supply chain management has called for a higher degree of specialisation and diversification in order to meet those increasingly disparate needs.
Recent product recalls from China and ongoing trade protectionism issues, particularly involving China and the US, have dominated the year under review. This sentiment is expected to continue for some time into the future.
We remain committed to a multilateral world trade system as the way to best meet the increasingly complex demands of supply chain management across diverse geographies and to a progressively more nimble and connected marketplace - and end-user. The opening of new source markets has provided important new opportunities for economic growth and improved living standards for new economies and new labour markets.
It is critical that the Doha round of multilateral trade negotiations reaches a successful conclusion. This is particularly important given the current sentiment and concerns about global macroeconomic conditions.

The Group will continue to set ambitious targets on the back of this success as we enter into the next Three- Year Plan. Indeed, the Group s Three-Year Plan 2008-2010 sets a bold target of US$20 billion in turnover, of which US$16 billion in core business turnover and US$4 billion in onshore business turnover as well as US$1 billion in core operating profit. The Group is also targeting to achieve operating leverage by ensuring that income percentage growth is twice turnover percentage growth (i.e. 2x) by the end of this new Three-Year Plan.
Opportunities are expected to continue to arise as Li & Fung anticipates and responds to the ever-changing global marketplace. The Group s foray into new business lines such as Health, Beauty and Cosmetics, and Footwear have added strong expertise and capabilities in product design and development, significantly expanding capacity in these key areas.
The Group believes that an important stream of growth could derive from replicating its US onshore business model in other large consumer markets such as Europe 
Li & Fung s commitment to continual improvement and change has continued and is firmly ingrained in the Group s culture. It is this spirit of entrepreneurship which has continued to underpin our success. The Group s desire to continue to look at better and more efficient ways to meet the needs of our customer base continues to drive our business strategy into the future.
The Group s increased diversification, extensive global presence and reach, and spread of business lines has confirmed Li & Fung s strength worldwide and provide reason for cautious optimism despite global uncertainty.

The Group s commitment to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance remains unwavering.
It will continue to uphold a culture which fosters principles of transparency, accountability and independence.
The Group is in full compliance with the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules) as implemented by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong 
With over 13,000 employees across more than 40 economies, Li & Fung continues to practice an internal culture which respects diversity. The Group strives to uphold its values as a Hong Kong-based multinational in order to develop our people and to contribute to the communities in which we operate.

I would like to express my gratitude to the members of the Board for their continued support and guidance. I would like to thank the management team and our thousands of staff around the world to whom I remain indebted. Exceeding the goals we set ourselves three years ago would not have been possible without their 
Victor Fung Kwok King 
