The home appliances sector is undergoing revolutionary changes in China. As the leading player in the industry, GOME takes the lead to address the problems and promote a healthy development of the industry.

Dramatic changes are taking place in the operating environment of the global home appliances industry.
Affected by factors such as the European sovereign debt crisis and the slowdown in the global economic recovery, consumer demand has retreated and became increasingly volatile, while the global retail home appliances sector has also entered a period of structural change. At this historic juncture, both the home appliances retail business and the retail sector in China are facing unprecedented pressures and opportunities.
I am very conscious of the mismatch between the supply and demand chains in the retail home appliances business, and the disconnection between market supply and the consumer demand. As a result, compared to global leaders in the sector, the retail home appliances sector in China still has a long way to go, as demonstrated by the lack of innovative product ideas, the frequent price wars and the absence of an influential brand in the global marketplace, etc.
Concurrently, the retail home appliances business in China is going through its own period of evolutionary change. As seen from development patterns in retailing worldwide, retail businesses generally have to go through distinct development stages from operation by location, through operation by supplier, to operation by merchandise and finally operation by clients. Compared to leading international retail enterprises, the majority of retail businesses in China still remain at the operation by location and operation by supplier stages, leaving a few of them at the stage of operation by merchandise. Many of these enterprises simply achieved their performance targets just by building business scale and opening new stores rather than focusing on merchandise and client operations.
In general, China s retail home appliances sector is facing various challenges, but the whole industry and the enterprise itself is entering a critical stage of upgrade and transformation, showing that the industry offers ample 
Precisely because of its deep insight into the economic situation and development of the sector, GOME Electrical Appliances Holding Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries, (collectively known as the Group or GOME ), being a leading player in the home appliances retail industry in China, has a responsibility for leading the development of the industry. GOME has grasped this golden opportunity and commenced a transformation of its business model dictated by consumer demand, with comprehensive integration of supply and demand chains as its core concept.
Based on this business model transition, the strategy of GOME will shift from internal operations to forming alliances; our retail model will shift from shopping mall operation to merchandise and client operations, while business management will transform from contract management to product management, and we will gradually achieve the integration and coordination internally and externally in the areas of sales, finances, and supply and demand chains.
Following the dictates of this strategic model, GOME has further improved its logistics network, building comprehensive advantages both online and offline.
Offline, while maintaining its national leading position, GOME has further optimized its store network in first-tier cities, grasped the growth opportunities in second and third-tier cities, and enhanced and expanded its coverage of those markets. These initiatives have achieved rural-urban integration of the retail chain network, and provided effective support for the home appliances industry to further exploit domestic demand.
Online, we executed the multi-brand formation of GOME online shopping mall and the COO8 shopping website.
The on-line and off-line business share the Group s advantages in areas such as procurement, logistics, information and services, thereby achieving effective integration of online and offline sales.
Also, in its efforts to strengthen core competence, enhance management and lower operation costs, the Group has successfully upgraded its existing information management system ( ERP ) nationwide this year, positioning the Group among the leaders in information systems development in China.
GOME has dramatically increased its operating efficiency and boosted average sales revenue from individual stores above the industry average through optimization of network, the application of innovative store models and refined management. In accordance with the principle of cost saving along the value chains and enhancing operational efficiency, GOME will continue to optimize store and logistics networks with the largest scale, best balance and highest efficiency network in both rural and urban areas, realize the maximization of the input-output ratio for suppliers on GOME platforms, facilitate the harmonious development of retailers and suppliers, and consequently enhance the competitiveness of China s home appliances industry.
I would like to express my deepest respect and appreciation to all GOME employees for their ceaseless efforts and contributions to the satisfactory results achieved in 2011.
I would also like to thank everyone outside of GOME for their support of the Group s development. We have always striven to benefit shareholders, employees and customers, and have focused on the long-term sustainable development of the Group. I myself have full confidence in leading the rapid yet steady development of GOME, overcoming all challenges and forging GOME into a globally 
Zhang da Zhong 
gome put customer service as a core of our development 