WONG KWONG YU 
In 2007, the Company reinforced its position as the leading retailer of household appliances and consumer electronic products in China.
The merger with China Paradise in 2007 successfully consolidated the Company s business and realised the anticipated growth and synergy. The loan and management agreements we entered into at the end of 2007 to take control of Beijing Dazhong Electronics gave the Company absolute market advantage in Northern China. The Company will continue to seek the right opportunities for regional integration and consolidation of retail chains in second and third tier cities in China.
Currently, the Group owns the largest household appliances retail network in China and enjoys unrivalled advantage in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangdong, which are the cornerstones and the drivers of China s economy. We have consolidated and strengthened our leading position in almost all markets where we have operations.
Financially, the Company recorded revenue of RMB42,479 million in 2007, representing a 72% increase as compared with 2006.
Adjusted gross profit, operating profit and net profit attributable to equity holders of the parent were RMB6,642 million, RMB1,803 million and RMB1,127 million respectively.
Basic earnings per share was RMB35 fen.
Excluding the non-operating loss arising from fair value adjustment on the derivative component of convertible bonds, exchange difference, the fair value adjustment on investment properties, our net profit attributable to equity shareholders reached RMB1,883 million and basic earnings per share reached RMB59 fen. The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of HK10.6 cents 
Upon the general completion of expansion and consolidation in the industry, a new landscape of market competition and model of business development have emerged. The Company has transformed itself from managing suppliers and commodities into that of customers. It is therefore necessary for the Company to adopt new strategies in a timely manner and uplift our services to a whole new strategic level.
We will conduct extensive consumer research to better understand market demand. We will also redesign our store format, offer reliable and long-term warranty and competitive prices in order to continue to strengthen our leading position in national and regional markets. To this end, we identified our direction of development: enhancing single store operational quality and efficiency will be our key growth driver and differentiation will be our key operating strategy.
We are determined to invest substantial resources to develop the handset business and established a professional telecommunication business centre at the end of 2007. Apart from selling handsets in our traditional stores, we will set up standalone handset outlets, develop online sales channels and extended warranty for handsets. We will seek to consolidate telecommunication chains when the right opportunities arise. We aim to establish the most professional and competitive handset sales channel in China and we expect that in the coming three years, we can secure a 15% market share in the handset market.
We have high expectation on the prospects of the Company. We firmly believe that we are well prepared to capture market opportunities and take on the challenges. We owe our success to the constant support of our business partners, directors, management, staff and shareholders. I would like to take this opportunity to thank them all, and I hope we can have their continued support in the years 
Wong Kwong Yu 
