CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT At Li & Fung, 2011 was the start of a new era of growth, marked by a series of remarkable transitions and efforts designed to ensure the Group s future leadership of a rapidly changing global supply chain.
The establishment of three business Networks Trading, Logistics and Distribution opens the door to significant growth opportunities. It enables us to sell across these distinct yet interconnected areas. It also provides us with yet another way to serve our customers through expanded scope and capabilities. In these times of global economic uncertainty, this proposition will be especially important as we work toward a new era of growth.
Undoubtedly, the market environment will remain challenging. While the US is expected to grow modestly, the Eurozone s GDP may contract as the debt crisis continues to create drag on its economic recovery. Nevertheless, the Group has committed significant effort and resources to ensuring that its three Networks are equipped to grow. Our growth in the immediate future will focus on cross-selling and increasing our market share, which will enable us to grow faster than the overall growth in our markets.

In 2011, Group turnover increased by 26% to US$20,030 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was US$681 million, an increase of 24% compared to 2010 (US$548 million).
Earnings per share were 8.43 US cents compared with 7.17 US cents for 2010.
The Board of Directors has resolved to declare a dividend of 34 HK cents per share (2010: 26 HK cents, adjusted for the effect of Share Subdivision in May 2011).

In past years, our business strategy has been based on sourcing goods in Asia for consumption in developed markets such as the US and Europe. Indeed, OECD countries are currently responsible for 80% of global consumption. Moving forward, we are adjusting our strategy to take advantage of domestic consumption increases throughout Asia, particularly among its most populous economies, such as China. In 2010, the US and Europe accounted for 89% of the Group s turnover. In 2011 that figure shrank to 81%, with China and the rest of Asia making up the difference. The Group s ability to capture business in such promising new consumer markets is a welcome development and one that we feel will help us continue to offset the sluggish global economy.
On the production side, it is estimated that Asia will account for over half of the world s output by 2050. China has long been the world s manufacturing powerhouse, and it remains the biggest sourcing market for the Group. However, with wages in the Pearl River Delta rising by 30% in recent times, this region is no longer the low-cost center of years past. Regions such as Bangladesh, Vietnam and Cambodia as well as western and northern China are gaining preference among cost-sensitive 
Operationally, this past year was significant because it marked the reorganization of the Group structure along three lines: Trading, Logistics and Distribution. During the year we worked tirelessly to strengthen these Networks through organic growth and acquisition while also streamlining operations. Acquisitions included several large deals and smaller roll-up deals that bolstered even more our range of products and services.
With these investments, we are even better equipped to grow organically as future growth opportunities rise with the global 
One particular advantage of having these three Networks is that by offering an unparalleled suite of global supply chain solutions for our customers, we will also generate new revenue streams and drive organic growth through substantial cross-selling 
Since the founding of Li & Fung in 1906, we have continually questioned and strengthened our business and management methods to adapt to an ever-changing world. In this context, we have made sustainability a key pillar of our current Three-Year Plan for 2011 2013, and in 2011 we continued to expand the implementation of our Sustainability Strategy. This strategy provides a foundation for our global operations to integrate sustainability into our business and with our supply chain partners. Our goal is to implement programs that bring tangible benefits to the Group and to the world. Within our four walls, we continued our efforts to reduce our environmental footprint through reductions in carbon emissions and energy, water and paper consumption; to engage our colleagues to live and work sustainably; and to support our communities around the world. This year also marks a significant milestone as we developed and prepared for the 2012 launch of our revised Code of Conduct for Suppliers and new Supplier Compliance Manual. We look forward to continuing to work with our partners to build capacity in our supply chain to improve working conditions and environmental performance and provide sustainable sourcing options.
With approximately 15,000 manufacturers in over 40 economies worldwide, Li & Fung remains in a very advantageous position to prosper in the coming years. However, it will also be critical for us to continue working closely with our partners and customers to help raise the quality of supply and manufacturing throughout 
The year 2011 was one of transition and investment, and we believe we have set in motion a business plan that will be borne out by the future success of our Group and our customers.
The road ahead will not be entirely smooth. The state of the global economy remains uncertain, and the weakness of the US dollar continues to hamper trade. We are also seeing a proliferation of bilateral agreements in response to the global economic downturn and political uncertainty around the world.
This will only serve to undermine the power of the global supply chain while also affecting the ability of SMEs to compete in an increasingly complicated environment. We remain firm in our belief that a multilateral trading system is the best way to achieve economic recovery and growth, and we will continue to strongly encourage the world s leaders to negotiate sustainable agreements that can help achieve these goals, for developed and developing nations alike.
It should be noted that this year s report marks my last as Chairman of Li & Fung Limited. I will continue to serve as Non-executive Director of the Company and also as Chairman of its Risk Management and Sustainability Committee. I will also remain closely engaged in my other publicly listed and private holdings as well as our family s charitable foundations, the Victor and William Fung Foundation and the Li & Fung (1906) 
I would like to take the opportunity of this platform one last time to congratulate my colleagues around the world for helping make Li & Fung the world s leading supply chain company.
Under the expert guidance of Dr. William Fung, who will assume the role of Chairman in May 2012, and Mr. Bruce Rockowitz, our Group President and CEO, I strongly believe the Group has begun a new era of prosperity, growth and leadership.
Victor FUNG Kwok King 
