Chairman s Statement Despite the impact this severe corporate crisis had on GOME, we moved on and passed the test with flying colors, ending up with a stronger, more professional and united management team.

Chairman and President 
2009 witnessed the most difficult period for GOME Electrical Appliances Holding Limited (the Company ) together with its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group or GOME ) to date since its initial listing. Amid the contraction of China s economy and the shattering of consumer confidence during the global economic crisis, an unfavorable event involving the founder of the Company unfolded as we marched into 2009. GOME was put to the test in the harshest of ways and had to prove whether the Company could survive and grow again. A year later, I am glad to say that GOME triumphed over this adversity and set out on a path of healthy development. Despite the impact this severe corporate crisis had on our Company, we moved on and passed the test with flying colors, ending up with a stronger, more professional and united management team. We also realized how many diligent and committed staff members we had in our midst, staff who worked with great integrity to forge and deepen relationships with our business partners.
In response to the changing market conditions and evolving consumers needs, the Group adopted a transformation strategy and achieved initial success. In the course of solving the crisis, the Company successfully raised a total of more than RMB5.3 billion from new strategic investors as well as from the issuance of new shares and convertible bonds, the combination of which provided the company with sufficient working capital and an appropriate capital structure. GOME not only strengthened its fundamental capabilities and improved its operating efficiency, but also maintained its leading position in the home appliance retail industry in China, with a 34.45% growth in profit attributable to owners of the parent over the previous year. The Company has already weathered the impact of these crises and is now well-positioned to enter a phase of consistent and 
In response to the change in 
and demand, the Company fully implemented its strategy of transformation, focusing on network rationalization and individual store profitability improvement. The Company ensured that large-scale stores were opened in premium locations to accommodate large inflows of customers, while we closed down 189 underperforming stores. As a result of this rationalization, the revenue of the Company for the reporting year dropped approximately 7.02% as compared to that of 2008.
At the same time, however, we are pleased to note that the 532 comparable stores recorded same store sales of RMB34,816 million, an increase of 2.81% as compared to RMB33,864 million of last year.
Through a series of measures to enhance the profitability of individual stores, including d i f f e r e n t i a t e d p r o d u c t management, and provision of value-added services like extended warranty service and after-sales service, our consolidated gross profit margin increased to 17.32% from 16.94% last year.
In 2009, the Group recorded a 12.35% decrease in operating profit from RMB1,944 million in 2008 to RMB1,704 million.
However, the decrease in operating profit narrowed and improved on a quarterly basis thanks to the setting and achievement of precision management targets. Profit for the year attributable to owners of the parent amounted to approximately RMB1,409 million, a sharp rise of 34.45% compared to that of last year. The Basic earnings per share ( EPS ) were RMB0.103, a rise of 25.61% as compared to RMB0.082 last year.
As of 31 December 2009, cash and cash equivalents were RMB6,029 million. This satisfactory cash position and sound capital structure laid a solid foundation for our future development. However, in May 2010, the redemption rights of the 0% coupon convertible bonds due in 2014 (the Old 2014 Convertible Bonds ) will become exercisable. We also need to prepare for potential requirements for capital to develop second tier markets and rural areas and to upgrade our internal information systems. Therefore, we recommended the board of directors of the Company (the Board ) not to pay a final dividend for 2009.
G O M E s h i f t e d i t s f o c u s a n d d e v e l o p m e n t 
2009 marked a new stage of realignment in the Company s history. Previously, during rapid economic growth we focused only on aggressive territorial expansion and our business depended on consignment from vendors. In 2009, GOME shifted its internal focus and development toward 
to be aligned with the trends we obser ved in consumer demand. Due to measures taken in accordance with our new growth model, including network rationalization and differentiated product management, major operating indicators such as consolidated gross profit margin, operating profit margin and net profit margin all showed 
During the previous year, we repositioned our relationships with suppliers and gradually moved from maximizing benefits to ourselves, which had been our mode of operation in the preliminary development stage of the industry, to a model of win-win cooperation, using the integrated service platform and economies of scale of GOME to operate jointly for mutual benefit. We appreciate our suppliers for the understanding, trust and support they offered us during the crisis. When the crisis subsided, the cooperation between GOME and its suppliers increased to unprecedented high levels.

In 2009, as a result of our corporate crisis and the welcoming of new strategic investors to the company, there was a change in the composition of the Board of GOME. Now the Company has a total of 11 directors, including 5 executive directors, 3 independent non-executive directors as well as 3 non-executive directors from Bain Capital. When the crisis unfolded and the trading of our shares was suspended, the incumbent and existing independent directors made significant contributions toward minimizing the risks faced by the new leadership and protecting the interests of minority shareholders. On behalf of the Board, I hereby express my sincere gratitude to them. I would also like to take this opportunity to formally welcome the 3 non- executive directors from Bain Capital. Together we will strive to implement best practices for openness and transparency in the Board room and in the Board s 
GOME will continue to benefit from the state s fiscal policies to boost domestic consumption on a long-term basis. We will seize the opportunity of market growth driven by the policy of exchange old for new . In addition, as demand in our first-tier market is diversified, the Company will continue to implement network rationalization aligning with consumer demand trends by establishing new-model stores and rolling out Xin Huo Guan across the country. In the meantime, we will make intensive efforts in markets with fresh growth potential, namely, second tier markets and rural areas, where we will deepen our network coverage to capture growth opportunities that make commercial sense in 
During the year, GOME was named an authorized retailer by the World Expo Shanghai 2010 franchised product operation office, thanks to its efficient network channels, strict product control system and high-quality service. This designation allows GOME, along with other retails brands the Group is operating l i k e C h i n a P a r a d i s e a n d Dazhong, to sell licensed home electrical appliances. GOME will also be entitled to contract with manufacturers to produce licensed products if necessary. As a retailer, GOME being granted the authorization by World Expo Shanghai 2010 to manufacture licensed products is proof that GOME s quality control capability is highly appreciated.
In addition, the management has noted the recent emergence and development of online shopping, which will undoubtedly broaden the competitive landscape. GOME is now conducting an in-depth research study of this market segment in China, and we will announce our business plans to the public in due course.
We will continue to push forward a win-win strategy with suppliers to fully utilize GOME s integrated service platform, achieving harmonious, mutually beneficial and sustainable development for both retailers and suppliers. We will also help introduce more energy-saving products to the market in response to China s commitment to save energy and reduce emissions. We are confident that we will continue to lead the home appliance retail industry in China, and we will do our utmost to help improve the quality of people s lives.
Optimizing and developing our channel network in response to the evolving 
Doing the right thing based on thorough comprehension of market dynamics. In the ancient battle in Zhuolu, the Emperor Huang Di captured his enemy Chi You by relying on his compass to guide him in the right direction. Store network rationalization and development is a conscious direction we ve taken in response to the evolving market environment. It will solidify our basis for future growth and prepare us well for the inevitable 
