Our corporate theme for this year is trust is a pleasure, inspired to be trusted . through our hard work, we will attract more customers and win the trust of our long-term partners, enabling GOme to achieve better results.

China s economy switched gear from a high-growth mode to a steady-growth phase, which affected consumers expectations of future income and dented consumer confidence. this resulted in a significant slide in consumer demand. In 2012, the home appliance industry saw the first negative sales growth since 2007, which posed the biggest challenge to the Group since 
In the first half of 2012, there were unfavorable external factors such as policy tightening, a sluggish property sector and the macro-economic slowdown, as well as the dire situation faced by the entire home appliance industry. In response to these challenges, the Group promptly adjusted its strategy and implemented measures focused on the three key objectives of Sustaining Growth, Controlling Costs and Improving Profitability . Key measures included carrying out multi- channel development plan, changing our cost structure, optimizing our store network, revamping the staff incentive scheme, accelerating the integration of online and offline business, entrenching a greater degree of marketing autonomy, building an efficient supply chain and relying on differentiated market positioning. With the collective effort and perseverance of our staff across all levels, and the gradual recovery of the home appliance market in the second half of 2012, GOme put the worst behind it in the third quarter. In addition to rebound in physical store sales, GOme s e-commerce platform took off again following the successful back-end integration of the COO8 website and GOme-on-line in December 2012.
It is GOme s firm belief that the most valuable retail enterprises should be equally strong in both their online and offline businesses. During the market trough in 2012, GOme gradually refined its strategy into multi- channel development plan. the Group will continue to let customer demand set the strategic direction for its physical stores, focus on same-store sales growth in first- tier markets, and expand store networks in second-tier markets. For its e-commerce platform, GOme will actively expand channels to improve profitability by sharing back-end procurement. the Group will also expand its product line beyond home appliances through strategic cooperation with other online platforms, to become a profitable and integrated mainstream e-commerce 
We have full confidence in the future. Having emerged from the market trough, the home appliance market is now the beneficiary of urbanization and the Chinese government s policy to raise national income. With the Group s online and offline businesses providing a solid foundation for growth, we will seize every opportunity and persevere in 2013. We will roll out our flagship store strategy in the first-tier market, accelerate network expansion in the second-tier market, and hasten the development of our supply chain to reduce costs and increase operational efficiency. at the same time, we will continue to grow the e-commerce business to make it profitable sooner.
Our corporate theme for this year is trust is a pleasure, inspired to be trusted . through our hard work, we will attract more customers and win the trust of our long- term partners, enabling GOme to achieve better results.
I would like to express my deepest respect and appreciation to all GOme employees for their unstinting efforts and contributions to the Group. I would also like to thank everyone in the community for supporting the Group s development. We have always endeavored to serve the interests of shareholders, employees and customers, while pursuing the long-term sustainable development of the Group. I have full confidence in leading GOme towards rapid and steady growth, to overcome all challenges and make GOme the most valuable and competitive multi-channel retailer.
Zhang Da Zhong 
The bricks and mortar stores remain at the core of GOME s business. Globally, it still holds vital importance for future development in the retail industry.

