CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT If there were any doubts as to whether the twenty-first century would be the Asian century , 2010 may have put them finally to rest. In 2010, the Asia Pacific region emerged in pole position as a global growth driver and the site of one of the most exciting economic and social transformations in contemporary history. We have just begun to grasp the very deep impacts that the rise of Asia will have on global trade and investment, consumer markets and the economic landscape.
Many of these changes are already underway, as evidenced in China this year. In an effort to promote social stability and worker living standards, factory wages went up by as much as 20% to 30% in 2010. At the same time, rising consumer demand from China and other developing markets, coupled with unpredictable weather and speculation, led to substantial price increases and volatility for raw materials and commodities. These factors, combined with the ongoing depreciation of the US dollar, have created an environment of rising cost pressures that is having profound impact on trade and global sourcing.
In response, some companies have been shifting certain parts of their supply chain operations in China inland and away from the more expensive coastal areas, or out of the country and into lower-cost sites in Bangladesh, Cambodia, India, Indonesia and Vietnam. While it may be too early to call this a long-term trend, the implications are clear: Global retailers and brands need partners with networks that can provide them with flexibility, quality and value regardless of market conditions.
Li & Fung operates well in this fast-changing environment. The Group recognizes the importance of offering our customers flexibility and cost-effective choices, which we deliver through our global network of 15,000 factories and approximately 240 offices and distribution centers in more than 40 economies.
To extend this competitive advantage, we are constantly seeking new locations that can deliver the right combination of quality and value. We also strive to identify opportunities to strengthen our offerings or build strategic capability. Our acquisition of Integrated Distribution Services Group Limited ( IDS ), which greatly enhances our distribution and logistics capabilities particularly in the high growth region of Asia is an 
The Group s successful integration of this key business, as well as the integration of other important new businesses and our position as a global leader in sourcing and supply chain management, make us cautiously optimistic moving forward as we embark upon our new Three-Year Plan 2011-2013.

In 2010, Group turnover increased by 19% to HK$124,115 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$4,278 million, an increase of 27% compared to 2009 (HK$3,369 million).
Earnings per share were 111.9 HK cents compared with 91.0 HK cents for 2009.
The Board of Directors has resolved to declare a dividend of 52 HK cents per share (2009: 49 HK cents).

With our new Three-Year Plan comes a new set of aggressive targets. Achieving these will require that we continue to build our three global networks trading, onshore and logistics networks to meet customers own constantly evolving needs.
With cash available for acquisitions and a prudently managed balance sheet, the Group continues to seek out synergistic opportunities while pursuing organic growth that can help us meet our targets. In early 2010 we signed a major outsourcing deal with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. During the year the Group also acquired Jimlar Corporation, a leading designer, distributor and supplier of footwear in the US and internationally. Other notable acquisitions signed include Visage Group Limited, Jackel Group, Cipriani Accessories Inc. and Oxford Apparel.
In particular, the October 2010 acquisition of IDS, a leading distribution and logistics services provider, has greatly strengthened Li & Fung s end-to-end supply chain solution offerings with enhanced distribution and logistics capabilities. It also expands the Group s global network deeper into emerging markets, including the global growth engines of Asia, led by 
As Li & Fung s business expands, sustainability remains at the core of our company culture. We will continue to invest in our people and nurture talent, reduce our environmental footprint, deepen our partnerships with customers and suppliers for a more sustainable supply chain, and support the communities in which we operate.
Lastly, we will continue to adhere to the highest standards of corporate governance, transparency and ethics.

Recovery from the financial crisis and global economic downturn continues, albeit to varying degrees. According to World Bank, global GDP growth in 2011 will be 3.3% compared to 3.9% in 2010. The International Monetary Fund is more optimistic, projecting 4.3% for 2011. However, the recovery remains fragile. Unemployment remains a major issue in many developed countries. Tensions over currency threaten to escalate into protectionism and trade wars. European sovereign debt concerns could continue to drag on market sentiment.
Also, preferential bilateral trade agreements continue to proliferate, hampering the development of an inclusive multilateral trading system. In this still-fragile environment, it is critical that we keep the world s multilateral trading channels open in order to foster growth and reduce imbalances between developed and emerging markets. Over the past two years it has been my pleasure to serve as Chairman of the International Chamber of Commerce, a key proponent of the multilateral trading system. In my current position as Honorary Chairman, I will continue to support the early conclusion of the Doha Development Round of trade talks, which would help to boost growth and opportunities, especially in the emerging markets.
An open trading environment is even more crucial as the world rallies to support Japan in its recovery. The people of Japan have endured an unimaginable series of tragedies with impressive courage and resilience and our thoughts are with them as they work toward the future.
The year under review marked the conclusion of the Three- Year Plan 2008-2010, and I would like to say how fortunate we are at Li & Fung to have such passionate and capable people working tirelessly to help the Group achieve its goals. They will be instrumental to our success in the future and I am proud to work alongside them.
Victor FUNG Kwok King 
