CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Li & Fung s results for 2008 were impacted by the economic turmoil which continues to reverberate around the world.
Despite the nature of the crisis and its global reach, Li & Fung is pleased to report solid results for the year under review.
During 2008, the Group recorded turnover of US$14,195 million (HK$110,722 million). We are glad to have achieved this result despite the global impact of the financial crisis on credit markets worldwide which has affected trade movement across the entire global supply chain.
While it was particularly challenging, 2008 also reaffirmed the strength of the Group s reach, and the versatility of its people and its processes. The Group s vertical and geographic diversification and strong financial position have seen results hold up for the year 
Group turnover for 2008 increased 20% to US$14,195 million (HK$110,722 million). Profit attributable to shareholders dropped by 21% to HK$2.4 billion. The result is reflected in the basic earnings per share which stood at 69.3 HK cents.
MARKET AND BUSINESS At the heart of Li & Fung s success lies a deep-rooted commitment to all our stakeholders. Our commitment to this principle remains unswerving as we seek to balance the differing interests of all our stakeholders against a backdrop of uncertainty and extreme volatility. We will continue to look to strike the best balance across those interests whether they be those of employees, shareholders, suppliers and customers.
Global consolidation across the supply chain has created opportunities as well as challenges. The Group s ability to orchestrate resources quickly in response to a rapidly changing and dynamic marketplace has enabled Li & Fung to take advantage of some of those opportunities while at the same time limit the downside. This inherent flexibility has benefited the Group as new source markets have emerged in a fast-changing 
Opportunities for new outsourcing deals have continued to surface as customers look to focus on their core competencies and seek to devolve buying and sourcing operations in an effort to achieve efficiencies and cost savings. Indeed, many of these customers would like to shift some of their fixed costs to variable, favouring the Group s business model. This trend has significantly helped to bolster Li & Fung s business in a very 
While consumer sentiment is weak, the Group has also benefited from a shift in demand from high-end brands and luxury goods to value brands. Our extensive involvement in the private label business therefore provides some counter-cyclical buffer in this respect.
Li & Fung s commitment to a focused and strategic two-pronged acquisition strategy continued to position the Group well. Outsourcing deals and selective acquisitions will be a key plank of our Three-Year Plan 2008 2010 given the uncertain economic environment, as the Group pursues a controlled growth strategy.

The Group has continued to respond to opportunities as they arise and has refocused resources on those markets with the greatest potential. During the year, Li & Fung expanded its presence in Europe with two new offices in France and Germany and has also opened a new office in Turkey, which continues to strengthen its position as a global sourcing market.
At the same time, the Group has expanded its extensive network in China, opening an office in Xiamen during the period 
It is particularly important that the events of 2008 do not give nations around the world reason to retreat into protectionism.
The free flow of trade globally will play a critical role in restoring a prosperous world economic order; policymakers must resist the temptation to bow to calls for short-sighted protectionist measures and must instead look at ways to enhance the global multilateral trading system which will effectively meet the challenges ahead. Trade barriers inevitably invoke retaliation by trading partners and therefore benefit no-one. Such actions would only further prolong the impact of the economic downturn worldwide and must therefore be avoided.
Globalisation and the increasing inter-connectedness of markets and people is a positive force for development that cannot be turned back. It cannot be blamed for the economic downturn. It is therefore important that the Doha round of multilateral trade negotiations is successfully completed.

Few can accurately predict the duration and extent of the global financial downturn although it is important to consider the impact of the global public sector stimulus packages and the increased co-operation across international boundaries to stimulate demand and find ways to curb the fallout. Such moves are essential if consumer confidence is to rebound.
Since inflationary pressure has receded, we expect cost pressure will be reduced across most sourcing markets.
Looking ahead, with the increased shift towards outsourcing by customers worldwide, the Group expects to increase market share. This expansion coupled with Li & Fung s strong financial position lays a solid foundation for the Group to emerge even stronger when the economic downturn recedes.

Li & Fung has always held dear the principles of transparency, accountability and independence. The Group s commitment to meeting the highest standards of corporate governance remain 
The Group is in full compliance with the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (Appendix 14 of the Listing Rules) as implemented by The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.
Diversity remains a central part of Li & Fung s culture which is borne out by the fact that the Group employs more than 14,000 people across more than 40 economies. As a Hong Kong-based multinational, Li & Fung will continue to seek to develop a culture of inclusion and mutual respect in order to develop our people and to give back to the communities in which we operate.

I would like to once again express my sincere gratitude to the members of the Board for their continued advice and support. I would also like to thank the management team and thousands of staff around the world who are critical to our success. The global economic crisis calls for a united and concerted effort by each and every one of us and we will weather this storm 
Victor Fung Kwok King 
