Chairman’s Statement
In the future, retail will be a
combination of sales from
both online and physical
stores, and will become
more efficient as it is
transformed by Internet
technology. GOME believes
that the application of
technology to physical
stores will transform the
retail experience, enhance
efficiency, as well as
create infinite space for
imagination and growth
potential in the retail
industry.

Dear Shareholders,
There is a Confucian saying: “At thirty, I had planted
my feet firm upon ground”. The age of thirty is a
watershed moment, marking when a man should
take on his responsibilities and become mature. The
same can be applied to enterprises. However, a man
grows to 30 years old simply through the passage
of time, while an enterprise, to reach 30, must face
countless choices, challenges, and competition.
On 1 January 1987, GOME opened a small store with
only 100 square meters of space located at No. 420
Qianmen Zhushikou Street in Beijing, and gradually
expanded, opening more stores to all parts of the
country. From 2004 to 2010, we merged with China
Paradise, Dazhong, and a number of other regional
chain enterprises, reducing our market expanding
costs and increasing our pace of development. In
that time, we transformed our home appliance retail
business – from a traditional general merchandise
model to a specialized chain, leading China’s retail
industry into the era of large-scale chains.
Now in the Internet era, as a brick-and-mortar
retailer and a giant enterprise, GOME faces new
challenges and pressures of transformation.
However during this process, instead of being
confused, we are aware of the importance of
returning to the basics of retail – transitioning from
an “appliance retailer” model, to that of a supplier of
comprehensive products and services.
30 years ago, we opened the chapter of major retail
in China; 30 years later, we hope to redefine retail.
With the integration of online and offline channels,
and increasingly better technology at our disposal,
the resulting new retail model will become key to
the future of our industry.
At the heart of GOME’s “ Redefining Retail”
concept is a focus on the widespread connections
between people, between people and products,
between people and enterprises, and between
enterprises and products. As a result, stronger
social connections are built, supply and demand
are effectively met, and GOME is able to promote
deeper value for consumers and a reconstruction of
industry value. We aim to integrate both online and 
offline channels to create an ecosystem of social
and business connections that puts customers first,
products first, platforms first, services first, sharing
first, and the customer experience first. This will
form a new retail model that maximizes customer
interest.
The redefining retail concept is guided by the
p r i n c i p l e o f “ C u s t o m e r s F i r s t .” T h i s m e a n s
customers can participate in every stage of a
product’s life cycle, putting forward their needs and
recommendations during product production, use,
and ultimately, recycling.
“Products First” is the concept of protection for the
new retail model. In the post-Internet era, the core
of retail enterprises’ competitiveness has changed
from the ability to “sell” to the ability to “innovate”,
with innovation becoming paramount to success.
“Products First” means that all goods and services
on GOME’s platform are exactly what customers
need and will buy. Therefore, we are building a
community platform to discover customers’ needs,
improve the precision between supply and demand,
and lay the foundation for customization with low
cost and high efficiency.
“Platforms First” is the vehicle to realise new retail.
The Group is leveraging on the physical stores as its
offline customer portal and the Internet platform
as its online customer portal to enjoy their mutual
benefits, sharing refined resources and providing
excellent services to the customers in order to
create value for the customers.
“Services First” is an inevitable extension of the new
retail and the professionalization, standardization,
and customization of services are the prerequisite
of the new retail. As such, we launched “GOME
House Manager ” to keep track of customers’
after-sale needs with the help of big data. We are
now able to efficiently connect members to stores,
logistics, and after-sale resources, with the ability
to offer services including repair, maintenance,
cleaning, replacement, and recycling throughout the
life cycle of an appliance.
With the “Sharing First” concept, we are building a
new community and economy-directed consumption
ecosystem, connecting customers with valuable
portals. The structure will smooth our relationships
with customers through sharing and in turn create
more value for them.
“Customer Experience First” is the ultimate goal of
the new retail concept. During our interactions with
each individual customer, GOME pulls preference
data, which it then analyzes and uses to promote
upstream industrial upgrades. By doing this, GOME’s
revitalized retail ecosystem puts customers at the
core. In the new-Internet era, shopping experience
is becoming a powerful tool to attract and retain
customers and to enhance competitive advantages.
Online and offline integration is the space where
we can best achieve the above-mentioned “Firsts.”
Data is one of the greatest derivative values of this
integration, which is not valuable simply for being
“big,” but also its use in analyzing and generating
new and powerful insight. By analyzing user
behavior data both online and offline, GOME will be
able to optimize its goods and services, and promote
further development of the retail ecosystem.
When GOME originally focused on channels,
we paid attention to the quality of our goods,
unified services, and large supply chains. Today,
we emphasize our six “Firsts” concepts, and the
integration of online and offline. No matter what the
strategy or process, our goals are always to serve
customers and create value.
To conclude, I would like to express my sincere
respect and appreciation to all my colleagues at
GOME for your tireless efforts, and my gratitude
to the greater community for supporting GOME
through the years. We will continue to devote
ourselves to balancing the benefit of shareholders,
employees, and customers, and pursuing long-term
sustainable development. I have confidence in
leading GOME in its latest transformation, as we
continue to grow, overcome challenges, and make
our vision for new retail a reality.
Zhang Da Zhong
Chairman
