with the onset of the mobile internet era, the development of consumer behavior is trending towards a focus on the individual, with fragmented consumption time, diversified shopping scenarios, and less distinction between channels. the home appliance industry is gradually moving towards a more high-end, intelligent and web- based development stage, with technological innovation and home appliance replacement cycles stimulating consumer demand.

In the constantly changing and evolving digital world, the retail industry is facing stiff competition and undergoing revolutionary changes. By adhering, in its efforts to reform, to the principle of returning to its core retail business as it aims to fulfill customer needs in products and services, GOME achieved impressive results under the Open Omni-Channel Retailer business strategy in 2014, with core financial indicators exceeding the industry average for eight consecutive quarters. The satisfactory results testify that GOME s business transformation has taken effect.
As the world advances further, the development of a modern economy as well as the application of information and communication technologies have exerted great influence over people s living habits and consumption behavior. With internet penetration and mobile device usage continuing to grow, retail businesses are entering a new era that is more diversified and dynamic. In the new retail era, consumer behaviors are fragmented as people look to shop at anytime and anywhere. In view of the shift in China s national economic development from speed to quality , retail-oriented corporations must accelerate their business transformation to cope with the changes in the market and to satisfy customer needs. In 2014, GOME undertook strategies to transform itself into an Open Omni-Channel Retailer with an open supply chain at its core. Through the integration and coordinated development of the procurement, logistics, information technology and financial services platform of the Group s supply chain, GOME has built an Open Omni-Channel platform encompassing online + offline + mobile terminal + other social platforms , outlining a unique strategy to drive business transformation.
Adhering to its Open Omni-Channel Retailer business strategy, GOME has developed extensive synergies and cooperation between its online and offline businesses. In its offline business, in addition to its first-tier and second-tier markets, GOME also promotes cooperation with department stores, supermarkets, general merchandise stores and local chain stores.
In its online business, apart from GOME s online self- owned operation business and marketplace business, by synthesizing resources through the innovative integration of online, offline and mobile terminal business models, GOME provides to consumers an excellent experience throughout the shopping process.
The new Open Omni-Channel operation model is a boost to the integration of the channels, builds a community-based and open supply chain value platform, allows us to share multiple resources with consumers, suppliers and online marketplace and to grow together with our partners.
Looking ahead, we have full confidence in GOME.
GOME will fully step up its Omni-Channel strategy to Total Retail strategy, focusing on customer needs to quicken the integration of the physical and virtual shopping scenarios. Leveraging its strong back-end supply chain and store network with sustainable profitability, the Group strives to develop its e-commence platform and mobile micro shops. This is to drive its total retail Fan Economy encompassing online, offline and via mobile terminals, under its goal to build a GOME community with more than 100 million customers. The Group believes that the retail industry s strongest growth prospects lie in the ultimate shopping experience, which combines the physical and virtual 
As for internal management, GOME will uphold the corporate principle of promoting equality at work for staff at all levels and to emphasize staff responsibilities in vertical management, leadership, supervisory roles, etc. By making adjustments to the Group s human resources and organizational structure, enhancing employee training and strengthening management trainee program, GOME creates a low cost, high productivity management system and a more innovative internal management platform to meet the development needs of GOME.
I hereby express my sincere gratitude to our staff for their diligence and hard work and to different parties in society for their support. We will continue to strive for the benefit of our shareholders, staff and customers while pursuing the sustainable development of the Group in long term. I am very confident about leading GOME in maintaining rapid and stable business growth, overcoming all challenges and achieving the goal of becoming the most valuable and competitive total retail platform in China.
Zhang da Zhong 
