CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Despite uncertainty and volatility in our principal consumer markets, the Group achieved record profits in 2009 driven by its effective cost control measures.
Years from now, I hope we will be able to look back upon 2009 as the bridge year during our journey from economic turmoil to a new era of sustainable growth. Signs do indicate that the worst is possibly behind us.
For example, the G7 have pledged to continue stimulus spending, which will translate into added security for economies moving forward. The US economy saw expansion at the end of 2009, a trend that is projected to carry into 2010 (albeit modestly). Asia emerged from the recession faster than expected, and China once again could enjoy double-digit growth in 2010.
We have not crossed the bridge completely, however.
Governments were forced to act swiftly and decisively to rescue the global financial markets but with debt still an issue, bank lending remains sluggish. In addition, while US consumer spending is increasing modestly, it remains hampered by unemployment that must be dealt with before sentiment can truly recover. Similarly, the European and Japanese economies are facing slower demand and are mired by ballooning national debts.
With economic uncertainty also comes the potential for nations to withdraw and assume protectionist roles. These and other factors must be carefully monitored as we move into the coming fiscal 
In 2009, Group turnover decreased by 6% to HK$104,479 million. Core Operating Profit increased by 29% to HK$3,990 million. Profit attributable to shareholders was HK$3,369 million, an increase of 39% compared to 2008 (HK$2,422 million).
Results for both core operating profit and profit attributable to shareholders represented record highs. Earnings per share were 91.0 HK cents compared with 69.3 HK cents for 2008.
The Board of Directors has resolved to declare a final dividend of 49 HK cents per share (2008: 33 HK cents).

It has been an active year for Li & Fung. The Group continues to aggressively pursue acquisitions and organic growth, and our sourcing arrangement with Liz Claiborne and Talbots are excellent examples of this.
Indeed, the outsourcing trend remains strong, and there is a healthy pipeline of business. Over the past year the Group arrived at a number of other notable global sourcing partnership agreements. While they should not be considered indications of an economic recovery in the overall market, they have certainly further enhanced our market share.
Our relationships with our customer and supplier partners remain some of our most important assets, and we continue to work closely together as the global economy recovers to achieve mutual success.
Meanwhile, the opening of our state-of-the-art, 7,100-square- metre European hub in Istanbul, Turkey, enables us to serve even better the EMEA and Russia. Turkey, along with the former Soviet republics, northern Africa and the Mediterranean, has become an important sourcing country, and this new facility will help expedite our growth throughout the region.
It should be noted that the Group is firmly committed to maintaining the highest standards of corporate governance and citizenry. The principles of transparency, accountability and independence play important roles in our day-to-day business.
We also aim to operate in an environmentally responsible manner by managing our greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption and waste throughout our supply chain, and we continuously seek ways to enhance our commitment in this 
Prudent financial management and a strong, stable operating position have been hallmarks of Li & Fung s business operations, and they will continue to serve us well in the current climate. Hence, we will tread carefully among the many green shoots of growth that are appearing around the globe.
One such sign is the International Monetary Fund revising upward its 2010 forecast for world GDP growth to 3.9% (following a 0.8% contraction in 2009), largely on the back of increased global production and trade as well as a rise in American consumption. In line with this, US retail sales are expected to show some improvement this year. Given its unparalleled offerings in product range and global supply chain management, Li & Fung is well positioned to benefit from any rebound in US consumer sentiment and spending, which would also positively impact other markets where the Group does 
It should be reiterated that as the world markets continue to deal with recovery, now is as crucial a time as ever to conclude the Doha Round of trade negotiations and agree upon a strengthened, rules-based multilateral trade framework to help deliver prosperity and growth. Such a system could also help raise living standards, enhance sustainable business practices and hold participants to more stringent emissions standards, which are crucial to combating the issue of climate change that was at the heart of the Copenhagen summit.
One of our key initiatives moving forward is the substantial commitment we are making to ongoing professional development and the upgrading of skills through learning and development programmes for our people around the world.
We have teamed up with the New York Fashion Institute of Technology, Paris Institut Franais De La Mode and the Hong Kong Polytechnic University to establish a continual Design Support Program, specifically designed to broaden and strengthen our people s design support skills and to drive 
The year 2010 marks the culmination of the current Three- Year Plan, to which the Group remains committed despite the global events of 2008-2009. The inspired, dedicated and tireless efforts of our staff have been crucial to our success during these difficult times, and they will no doubt serve us well as we move forward. I also would like to once again express my sincere gratitude to the members of the Board for their continued advice and support.
Victor FUNG Kwok King 
