CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT This is my first full year Annual Report to shareholders since assuming the Chairmanship in mid May 2012. Before launching into a discussion of the year s results and prospects, I would like to first put the year 2012 in perspective of our current Three-Year Plan (2011 2013).
The current Three-Year Plan was formulated at the end of 2010. At that time, we had just emerged, or so we thought, from the Financial Tsunami of 2008 9, one of the worst global recessions in recent history. Our assumptions for this plan included assumptions that the European Markets and currency would begin to recover like the rest of the world and that the US economy, going into the 2012 Presidential Election Year will be strong. We therefore set very ambitious targets to be met by the end of the plan in 2013. Also, this was the time when we planned to re-organize our LF USA business, melding nearly 20 acquisitions that created this entity, re-locate the production function to Asia and create a newer and more competitive business model for our whole Distribution business.
As it turned out, the European and US markets did not recover nor grow to the extent that we had hoped and we continued to face considerable head winds in these two most important markets. Our own execution of the operational changes in LF USA and management of the costs involved were disappointing.
We had to work very hard to try and overcome these challenges 
Our core trading business has been only marginally impacted by the unfavorable and uncertain macroeconomic environment in Europe. The Asia based logistics business remains strong and growing rapidly and benefitted from cross selling activities with the trading customers of the Group. The Distribution business in Asia is strong and also growing whereas our European Distribution business was basically flat for the year.
However, the biggest part of our Distribution business, our USA Distribution business, suffered from decreased margins and mounting operating and re-structuring costs. This has led the Group to issue a profit alert on a substantial fall in core operating profit at the end of the year. The management change and restructuring in LF USA is a firm and direct response to the business challenges on that side of the world.

In 2012, Group turnover increased by 1% to US$20,222 million.
However, core operating profit was US$511 million, a decrease of 42% compared to 2011. Profit attributable to shareholders was US$617 million, a decrease of 9% compared to last year (US$681 million). Earnings per share were 58.1 HK cents (equivalent to 7.45 US cents) compared with 65.8 HK cents (equivalent to 8.43 US cents) for 2011.
The Board of Directors has resolved to declare a dividend of 16 HK cents (equivalent to 2.1 US cents) per share (2011: 34 HK cents equivalent to 4.4 US cents), in line with the decrease in core operating profit.
BUSINESS MODEL & STRATEGIES Li & Fung provides comprehensive, sophisticated global supply chain management solutions for its customers. The Group pursues business strategies that drive long-term results according to its Three-Year Plan targets.
We adhere to a business strategy comprising both organic growth and growth via acquisitions in strategic areas that has helped make us an industry leader. We emphasize one more heavily than the other depending on opportunity and on what is appropriate for the prevailing business environment and market 
In 2011, Li & Fung reorganized its businesses into three distinct Business Networks: Trading, Logistics and Distribution. This has opened the door to significant growth opportunities from cross selling between the Networks. At the same time, we continue to pursue an asset-light strategy and refrain from owning factories, offices and distribution centers. Renting rather than owning whenever we can.
Recent developments in Asia s consumer markets present high potential for long-term growth, and, in its present Three-Year Plan, Li & Fung kick-started its Asian distribution strategy by acquiring IDS, giving us a distribution platform in Asia, LF Asia, and a largely Asia-based Logistics Network, LF Logistics. This has allowed the Group to not only source from Asia, but also to sell to Asia.

The trading business of the Group was resilient in 2012, accounting for approximately 70% of the Group s turnover and showed a modest value increase over 2011 in a tough trading environment. In its core sourcing business, the Group remains the dominant player in the global sourcing arena.
Nevertheless in recent years, we have been pressured by rising labor and material costs. We are moving our low-cost sourcing inland within China as well as outward toward emerging nations like Vietnam. Approximately 60% of our production by value remains in China, but we will continue to identify manufacturers in other markets across Asia and around the world who can meet our needs. At the same time, the Group remains, as always, firmly committed to safety and compliance.
In the mean time, there is also tremendous demand for quick response manufacturing and manufacturing within high tariff countries. The Group is still expanding its sourcing network and exploring production in Latin America.
The Group s primarily Asian based logistics business, LF Logistics, performed very well and benefited from cross selling to Li & Fung customers. While still small compared to the other two Networks, LF Logistics contribution increased significantly in 2012.
In our Distribution Network businesses, the Group dedicated considerable efforts to restructuring LF USA, a process targeted for completion by 2013. This will remain the key management challenge for the Distribution group. In Europe, we continued developing LF Europe s Distribution business despite the uncertain environment in 2012. Given the lessons learnt from the LF USA experience, LF Europe s organization is operating smoothly and has turned a creditable performance for the year. We feel that when the European market stabilizes, LF Europe will generate sustainable medium- to long-term value for shareholders. Under stronger, more focused management and favorable market conditions, the LF Asia business acquired in the IDS merger of 2010 has performed very well in 2012. The existing Asian business is primarily in the Food, Health, Beauty & Cosmetics areas and we moved to expand the traditional Li & Fung verticals of Fashion & Home with an acquisition and a number of licensing agreements during the year.
The Group continues to leverage its two-pronged strategy of both organic and acquisition growth to drive business growth, particularly at times when the economy has placed constraints on organic growth, as it has over the past several years. This will remain our strategy moving forward.

The Group pursues a very aggressive strategy in its trading activities, we adopt a conservative strategy in the financing of the Group s activities. The Group s overall long term target is to ensure that we retain an investment grade rating. The normal working capital of the group is well funded by its own cash flow generated and short term bank facilities. When we have opportunities for large acquisitions, then we will seek funds from outside via share placements or long-term debt. During the year 2012, the Group placed 210,000,000 new shares for an equity capital increase of about US$500 million in March and issued another US$500 million of perpetual capital securities in November. As a result, the Group has adequate financial resources to fund existing operations as well as any anticipated acquisition needs for 2013.

We continue to implement our comprehensive Sustainability Strategy in 2012. Our strategy is to improve social, environmental and health & safety conditions in our supply chain, reduce the environmental footprint of our own operations and contribute to the sustainable development of the diverse communities where we operate. This year we deepened our engagement with our suppliers, customers and industry partners on supply chain sustainability. With the launch of our revised Code of Conduct for Suppliers and its companion Supplier Compliance Manual, we enhanced our internal capacity to implement our standards by providing expanded training and guidance to our suppliers. We also worked with key customers to implement targeted programs on topics ranging from working conditions and environmental efficiency to lean manufacturing and safety with our strategic suppliers.
While we progress on this sustainability journey, we have also seen the need for more concerted efforts and closer multi- stakeholder collaboration to raise standards. Going forward we are continuing to increase and to advocate for sourcing with suppliers that share our commitment to continually improving their sustainability performance and to provide focused resources to support this ongoing transformation.

Economic forecasts for 2013 predict a mixed bag in Li & Fung s key markets around the world pretty much the same as in 2012; namely, moderate growth in the US, uncertainties persisting in Europe and good growth prospects in Asia.
Although uncertainties remain, the Group s fundamentals remain strong. Our core trading business is very resilient, our foray into supplying the Asian markets, and not just sourcing from it, is yielding good results. We know where we have a problem and are moving aggressively to fix it. We are confident that the re-structuring of the LF USA Distribution business will be completed by 2013 and the Group can look forward to returning to operating at the 2011 levels. The Group will further refine the model of the three distinct Networks Trading, Logistics and Distribution in the next Three-Year Plan (2014 2016) to leverage our unparalleled expertise in supply chain management for further growth.
In closing, I would like to commend my colleagues for all their dedication and hard work to ensure that Li & Fung further strengthens its position as the leading global supply chain management company in consumer goods. I firmly believe that our efforts will result in a much better performance, and I thank everyone for their support.
William FUNG Kwok Lun 
