DR. NORMAN LEUNG NAI PANG, G.B.S., LL.D., J.P.
Executive Chairman (from 1 January 2012) Television Broadcasts Limited has a long and outstanding history in the broadcasting industry in Hong Kong.
I am deeply honoured and privileged to have been appointed as the Executive Chairman of the Board, a position which is charged with great responsibilities towards our employees, our shareholders, and our society at large.

On 1 January 2012, I took over the position of Chairman of the Board from Sir Run Run Shaw. Sir Run Run Shaw became a Director in July 1965. He served as the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board from 1966 to 2009 and as the Executive Chairman of the Board from 1980 to 2009. He retired from the Board as its Chairman on 31 December 2011. I am most grateful to Sir Run Run Shaw for his guidance and outstanding leadership of the Board during his tenure as our Chairman for over 30 years. In recognition of his sterling contribution to the Company since its establishment, the Board has honoured Sir Run Run Shaw with the title of Chairman Emeritus of the Company.
Mrs. Christina Lee, the widow of the founding chairman of the Company, Mr. Lee Hsiao Wo, retired as a Director on 3 February 2012. I wish to offer my heartfelt gratitude for her wise counsel and guidance to the Board over a span of 30 years.
I am pleased to note that Mr. Anthony Lee, the son of Mrs. Christina Lee, and Mr. Chen Wen Chi have been appointed as Directors in February 2012. I wish to offer to them my warmest welcome and look forward to their guidance and support in the years ahead.
BUSINESS AND OUTLOOK TVB s core business is programme production and distribution and broadcasting. We will continue to innovate in programme production and invest in equipment upgrade to meet the demand of digital broadcasting.
During 2012, we will commence the building of a facility in a nearby site in Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate to cater for our future expansion in production.
We are facing challenges from many technology enabled platforms such as personal computers, smartphones and tablets as new delivery medium of entertainment channels. These devices can help widen the viewership to the Group s advantage. It is for this reason that we had stepped up our investment in an electronic archive, our Internet business under tvb.com and, more recently, myTV app for distribution of our programmes. We believe that these new developments will help us to spear-head our programme distribution in the digital age.
Our business success relies on many factors. I would like to stress that TVB takes great pride in our skilled production team and talented artistes which we nurtured over the years. I wish to thank all of our employees for their loyalty and dedication to TVB and to record my appreciation for their significant contributions towards a record set of results this year. Together, we look forward to taking the Company to new heights.
Norman Leung Nai Pang 
Hong Kong, 21 March 2012 
