Dr. CHArLES CHAN KwOK KEUNG 
It is my honour and privilege to present for the first time as Chairman of Television Broadcasts Limited ( TVB , Group or Company ) its annual report and financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2014.
rESULTS AND DIvIDENDS The Group s turnover increased by HK$87 million from HK$5,686 million to HK$5,773 million. The cost of sales increased HK$232 million from HK$2,221 million to HK$2,453 million mainly due to the high costs of the 2014 FIFA World Cup Brazil TM ( World Cup ). Because of our overall business expansion, overhead expenses were up HK$135 million from HK$1,361 million to HK$1,496 million. As a result, the Group s profit before income tax decreased by HK$385 million from HK$2,121 million to HK$1,736 million. After absorbing the losses from associates and joint ventures, the Group reported a profit attributable to equity holders of HK$1,410 million (2013: HK$1,738 million), representing a decrease of 19%; this translated into an earnings per share of HK$3.22 (2013: HK$3.97).
On 29 January 2015, the Company had announced a strategic disposal of 53% in the shareholding in Liann Yee Production Co., Ltd. (TVBS) in Taiwan for a total consideration of NT$4,695 million (approximately HK$1,149 million) ( Disposal ). This represented an opportunity for the Group to unlock the value of a large portion of our investments in Taiwan for our shareholders, while allowing for the retention of a significant exposure in the Taiwanese market and the holding of a key real estate in Neihu, Taipei. The Disposal would also allow the Group to devote more of its management resources on strengthening its presence in Hong Kong and the PRC, and in developing the new markets. We are currently awaiting for the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in Taiwan, and anticipate that the final approvals can be granted in the financial year of 2015.
Based on the full-year results, the Directors have recommended a final dividend of HK$2.00 per share to shareholders.
Together with the interim dividend paid of HK$0.60 per share, this will give a total dividend of HK$2.60 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2014, notwithstanding the reduction in the profit attributable to equity holders this year. Based on the Disposal, the Directors have further recommended a special dividend of HK$2.30 per share, which is based on the net proceeds from the Disposal (after deducting all expenses arising from andor incidental to the Disposal and all applicable taxes payable from the total consideration), to shareholders.
Both the final dividend and the special dividend shall be considered by shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 20 May 2015.

2014 was a challenging year for the media and entertainment industry. Our Hong Kong business entered a softer phase due to a slower retail business with many advertisers staying on the sidelines. Nonetheless, we were able to achieve a very mild growth in advertising revenue for the whole year, thanks to advertisers support for the World Cup, an international event that aroused much enthusiasm in Hong Kong. With the exceptional increase in operating costs as a result of the World Cup, we reined in expenditure during the second half of the year an important step that we, as a responsible operator, undertook to keep costs under control. Despite the high costs, we shall continue to bring key international sports events to our audience. We are proud that TVB has been appointed as the official broadcaster of the Rio 2016 Olympic Games in Brazil.
Combating piracy remained a top priority, and the road to restrain such activities has proven to be a long and difficult one. In the international markets, we focused on reversing the downward trend of our overseas pay subscription business.
Following the May 2014 launch of our new over-the-top ( OTT ) service, TVB Anywhere , in Europe, we successfully migrated our subscribers from satellite TV to the OTT service. After stabilising the situation in Europe, we are directing our efforts towards growing new business. In February 2015, TVB Anywhere was launched in Australia.
bUSINESS DEvELOpmENT AND OUTLOOK Looking ahead, the year 2015 will remain a challenge due to uncertain economic outlook and market conditions. The HKSAR Government announced in October 2013 approvals-in-principle to the applications for domestic free TV programme service licence from Fantastic Television Limited and Hong Kong Television Entertainment Company Limited. The Chief Executive- in-Council is processing the two applications with a view to granting the formal licences in due course. We will monitor the possible impact on our business by the increased competition as and when they commence operation.
After submitting an application to renew our domestic free TV programme service licence in November 2013, we are now close to finalising the terms of a new licence. The renewed licence will set out our future programming and investment commitments. We eagerly await the Government s decision and look forward to fulfilling the public needs for information 
While terrestrial TV broadcasting has been a key entertainment platform in Hong Kong, the Group is at an advanced stage of developing a second platform for Hong Kong TV viewers. It will use the OTT technology to deliver a multitude of TVB productions and acquired channels and programmes, as well as video-on-demand service, to TV sets. We truly believe that this represents an exciting and unique opportunity to capture the audience group seeking a wide range of entertainment programmes from both TVB and other content providers. To further attract younger viewers and those on the move, we shall increase investment in our online offerings and the technology for mobile apps for popular mobile devices. With the launching of the second platform by early 2016, this online service will become our third platform for Hong Kong. We hope that these investments will help the Group cover the TV entertainment market in Hong Kong comprehensively.
Movie production will be another core business of the Group under the brand name of Shaw Brothers Pictures. I am delighted to see increasing Government support for the film industry which has long been a key element of Hong Kong s creative industries. The vast Mainland China market also presents us with lots of opportunities as well as challenges. In partnership with other local film companies and studios, we aim to boost the volume of Hong Kong films and nurture more production talent as movie and TV programme production complement each other and will together create a greater awareness of our products. We shall produce movies leveraging on selected popular TVB dramas. Also, we shall showcase Hong Kong films to the world through global distribution.

On 1 January 2015, Dr. Norman Leung Nai Pang retired from the Board after serving more than 11 years first as Deputy Executive Chairman and then as Executive Chairman. I am most indebted to Dr. Leung for his immense contributions and 
I would also like to sincerely thank my fellow Directors for their guidance and support, and in particular, Mr. Kevin Lo Chung Ping, Mr. Chien Lee, Mr. Gordon Siu Kwing Chue, Mr. Edward Cheng Wai Sun and Dr. Chow Yei Ching who retired from the Board during 20142015.
The Board warmly welcomes Mr. Cheong Shin Keong who joined as an Executive Director in January 2015; Dr. William Lo Wing Yan who joined as an Independent Non-executive Director in February 2015; and Professor Caroline Wang Chia-Ling and Dr. Allan Zeman who shall join as Independent Non-executive Directors in April 2015. With these recent changes, I am confident that the new Board will go from strength to strength to meet the demands of the markets and our stakeholders.
Charles Chan Kwok Keung 
