The directors of Television Broadcasts Limited ( Directors ) are pleased to present the 2010 annual report and financial statements in respect of Television Broadcasts Limited (the Company or TVB ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 
RESULTS AND DIVIDEND For the year, the Group reported a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$1,330 million (2009: HK$900 million), which translated into an earnings per share of HK$3.04 (2009: HK$2.06).
At the year end, our statement of financial position remained strong with total equity standing at HK$6,488 million (2009: HK$5,819 million), and our cash at bank increased to HK$2,891 million (2009: HK$2,088 million).
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting in May 2011, Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$1.65 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.35 per share paid earlier, this would make a total dividend of HK$2.00 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2010, and represents an increase of 25% over 2009, and a 66% payout to our current year s profit.
BUSINESS AND OUTLOOK During 2010, we saw a stimulating economic recovery in the key markets in which the Group operates. Our station was well-positioned to benefit from the rebound in the advertising market, and as a result, I am very pleased to report that our Group s turnover and net profit reached record high this year.
We continued to invest in our transmission network and upgraded the smaller transmission stations around Hong Kong. At the end of the year, digital coverage reached over 89% on a household and population coverage basis. We also continued to upgrade our production facilities for programme production in high definition, and are proud to claim that the Company now operates one of the most advanced production facilities in the region.
However as we surge into 2011, we anticipate challenging times for the media market, as the competition between traditional and new media is set to get more intense. Digital technologies will progressively increase their dominance across all segments of entertainment and media.
Increasingly, audiences are placing more reliance on mobile devices for watching video content, as and when they would like to view them.
Within the traditional media, the landscape for terrestrial TV in Hong Kong is likely to change, as more entertainment choices and varieties will be offered by the new entrants of terrestrial TV operators, and the pay-TV operators. Therefore, in order to sustain our high programmes ratings, we must innovate and invest in programming for the future. During the last two years, audience in Hong Kong should have noticed the increasing choices and varieties in programmes from our channels, namely, HD Jade, J2 and iNews, in addition to Jade and Pearl.
During 2011, we will further exploit our library and content assets for online and mobile platforms, as well as through pay-TV services.
Finally, I wish to thank all of our stakeholders for their sterling support, and our staff for their relentless efforts to improve the quality of our 
Hong Kong, 29 March 2011 
