CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
On behalf of the Board of Directors of Television
Broadcasts Limited (“Board”), I would like to report the
results for the financial year ended 31 December 2016.
PERFORMANCE, CAPITAL, AND
DIVIDEND
For the year, the Group reported a profit attributable
to equity holders of HK$500 million (2015: HK$1,331
million), which represented a decrease of 62% over
last year, and an earnings per share of HK$1.14 (2015:
HK$3.04). These results are consistent with the Board
announcement on 7 December 2016, which alerted
our shareholders to the business trends. We attribute
the decline in profit to a weak advertising market in
Hong Kong; start-up costs associated with our new
businesses; and certain exceptional gains in 2015
which were not repeated.
The low-interest-rate environment during 2016
presented us with the opportunity to issue an
unsecured guaranteed notes raising US$500 million at
a coupon of 3.625%. This transaction was successfully
completed in October 2016. With a much stronger
cash position, the Board felt increased confidence to
implement new business initiatives and corporate
transactions in furtherance of the Company’s business.
On 13 February 2017, the Board announced a revised
share buy-back proposal to repurchase 120 million
shares out of 438 million shares (representing
approximately 27.40% of the total number of shares)
at the offer price of HK$35.075 per share (“Offer”)
which requires a cash outlay of HK$4,209 million. This
Offer supersedes an earlier proposal announced on
24 January 2017. Having considered other possible
investment alternatives, the Board decided that the
share buy-back, if implemented after receiving due
approval, would enhance shareholders’ value as the
share buy-back will have an accretive effect in the
Group’s earnings per share. The Offer is currently
subject to the regulatory process and the date for an
extraordinary general meeting has not been fixed.
The Board had declared on 24 August 2016 an interim
dividend of HK$0.60 per share for the year ended 31
December 2016. However, the Board has resolved to
defer the proposal for further dividend to the next
Board meeting immediately following the outcome of
the Offer for the share buy-back. The Offer will clearly
have an impact on the number of Shares in issue and
the balance of cash and distributable reserves that
the Company has for any such dividend. The Company
expects that, barring unforeseen circumstances, the
agenda for the forthcoming annual general meeting of
the Company will include matters relating to dividend.
BUSINESS REVIEW
Hong Kong’s economic downturn has persisted since
the last quarter of 2014, dampening local consumer
spending and the retail market. We are experiencing
one of the most difficult operating environments
in our history. Our traditional business of terrestrial 
TV broadcasting has been disrupted by a sluggish
advertising market, the aftermath of media content
globalisation, and the changing viewing habits of our
audience. The Board fully supports management to
innovate and adapt to changes. Since the beginning
of 2016, the Company has strategically extended
the distribution of programmes into digital new
media both in Hong Kong and overseas. Thanks to
the support of our viewers, we have achieved initial
successes in garnering over 3 million users of myTV
SUPER service in Hong Kong.
Launched in April 2016, myTV SUPER has become the
leading Chinese-content OTT platform with 50 TVB
and international channels as well as more than 32,000
hours of video-on-demand programmes. In addition,
we launched an upgraded version of our online video
service TVB Anywhere in late 2016 for the international
markets. We believe TVB’s rich content library – with
in-house productions complemented by selective
acquired programmes – has given us a unique
advantage in our transformation from a traditional
terrestrial TV operator to a truly global OTT player.
These OTT platforms underscore TVB’s superior ability
to monetise content.
We are sparing no less efforts in improving our
businesses in Mainland China. A number of new
co-production arrangements with key online players
were put in place during the year, as a major step
toward showcasing our productions in this vast
market.
Since 2015, we have invested in two major movie
platforms – Flagship Entertainment Group Limited
(5.1% effective interest) and Hong Kong-listed Shaw
Brothers Holdings Limited (12% effective interest).
These platforms naturally extend our production
expertise into the movie arena and will help us
capture the growth of box office revenue globally. As
these investments are still at their early stages, we are
continuing to monitor their developments.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Corporate social responsibility has always been a
key part of our corporate philosophy. We work hard
to protect the environment, ensure a healthy and
safe workplace for our staff, and contribute to the
betterment of Hong Kong.
Amongst many of our initiatives, TVB, Staff and
Artistes Fund for Charities Limited (“Fund”), set up
by the Company, has been running independently
since 2013. The Fund has to date provided much
needed financial support to over 500 local families and
nearly 17,000 under-privileged individuals through
sponsorships.
BOARD APPOINTMENT
On 17 October 2016, Mr. Li Ruigang was appointed
Vice Chairman and Non-executive Director of the
Company. I wish to warmly welcome Mr. Li in joining
the Company, which will further strengthen the
Board’s diversity and market expertise. I also wish
to thank Mr. Jonathan Milton Nelson, a former
Non-executive Director, for his many contributions to
the Board during his tenure.
A MAJOR MILESTONE IN 2017
TVB will celebrate its 50th anniversary in November
2017, a major milestone in the history of the Company.
We pride ourselves on being a household name with
millions of fans among the Chinese communities
around the world. We would not have been able to
achieve this without the support of our many loyal
stakeholders, including over 4,200 staff members and
artistes. Let us build on our past achievements to
create an even brighter future.
Charles Chan Kwok Keung
Chairman
Hong Kong, 29 March 2017