DR. NORMAN LEUNG NAI PANG GBS, LLD, JP 
The Board of Directors of Television Broadcasts Limited ( TVB , the Group or the Company ) is pleased to present the annual report and financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2013.
RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS The Group s turnover increased by 4% from HK$5,448 million to HK$5,686 million, and the profit before income tax decreased by 1% from HK$2,141 million to HK$2,121 million during 2013. The Group s profit attributable to shareholders was HK$1,738 million (2012: HK$1,732 million), giving an earnings per share of HK$3.97 (2012: HK$3.95).
Our total equity stood at HK$8,427 million (2012: HK$7,831 million) at the year-end. Our unpledged cash balance totalled HK$2,900 million (2012: HK$3,604 million), and our bank borrowings amounted to HK$252 million (2012: HK$205 million), giving a net cash balance of HK$2,648 million at 31 December 2013.
As a result, the Group s Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$2.00 per share at the forthcoming annual general meeting. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.60 per share paid, this would yield a total dividend of HK$2.60 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2013, representing the same amount as 2012 and a 66% payout of our current year s profit.

The year of 2013 turned out to be challenging and eventful. Despite an intensely competitive market environment, we continued to produce and broadcast programmes that generated solid TV ratings. In early 2013, we upgraded J2 and Jade the remaining two of our five digital TV channels to high-definition standard to help position TVB at the forefront of broadcasting in Hong Kong.
Despite our application for a judicial review of the procedure leading to the Communications Authority s recommendation for granting additional domestic free television service ( Free TV ) licences, the Government announced on 15 October 2013 its approval-in-principle for granting two additional Free TV licences to Fantastic TV, a company under i-Cable TV, and Hong Kong Television Entertainment, a company under PCCW. The decision doubles the number of Free TV operators from two to four, and we expect these new operators to begin their services in the latter half of 2014.
With our Free TV licence expiring in November 2015, we submitted in accordance with the prescribed procedure in November 2013 an application to the Government for a renewal of our licence for another term of 12 years. Amid intensifying competition from new operators, we continue to strengthen our production capability and programme development. We have invested in plant and equipment while remaining focused on the development of our newer channels, J2 and HD Jade.
With the impending new entrants to the Free TV market and our viewers changing consumption pattern, the Group will be facing many challenges ahead. We are, however, committed to strengthening our investments so that we can continue to produce top-notch contents for our viewers. We will conduct a detailed study to gauge our future operational needs and fine-tune the plan to build production studios and related facilities at a site close to our headquarters in Tseung Kwan O Industrial Estate, Hong Kong. Meanwhile, our preparation for building a production headquarters in Linkou, New Taipei City, is well underway, and construction will commence in 2014 and is scheduled for completion in 2017.
On Mainland China, I am pleased to note that the total revenue from Mainland China had increased from HK$281 million to HK$402 million during 2013, representing an increase of 43%, thanks to formation of the joint venture 
gPlQS ( TVBC ) in 2012 which helped monetize our contents and develop our talent in the mainland.
Following years of improving financial performance, TVB Network Vision, our pay TV business in Hong Kong, generated a loss of HK$59 million during 2013, of which the Group took its share of HK$53 million. This loss was contributed mainly by increased costs for upgrading TVB Network Vision s infrastructure in Hong Kong from satellite to optical-fibre distribution, which will further enhance picture quality and service stability. With these improvements, we are positive that this business will deliver better financial performance in the future.
A charitable fund, the TVB, Staff & Artistes Fund for Charities Limited , was set up in February 2013 with the aim of providing emergency financial support to the underprivileged, the elderly, and victims suffering from adversities such as natural disasters and accidents. The Fund received its tax-exempt status in June 2013 and has been actively serving community needs since.

Rapidly evolving technologies are transforming the way TV programmes are being delivered and watched, resulting in changing consumer behaviour. These developments have a major impact on the media and entertainment industry. As a player in this business sector, we need to be mindful of these challenges in developing our new business initiatives.
During the year, piracy of our programmes and channels grew in many parts of the world and this could leave a lasting, negative impact on our overseas businesses if not managed properly. We have diligently conducted anti-piracy campaigns and joined forces with government authorities in order to rein in such illegal activities and safeguard our long-term interests.
In 2014, we will continue to serve our viewers needs for quality entertainment and information. We broadcast the XXII Olympic Winter Games held in Sochi, Russia in February and will air the 2014 FIFA World Cup through our pay TV channels as well as free TV, Internet and mobile platforms in June and July. These events, together with many to come, form part of a strategic move to bring world-class sporting events for our viewers enjoyment.
CHAIRMAN EMERITUS SIR RUN RUN SHAW On 7 January 2014, Sir Run Run Shaw passed away peacefully at the age of 107. Sir Run Run was one of the founding directors of TVB and served as our Executive Chairman for 30 years. He deserved our highest respect for his outstanding entrepreneurship and sterling contribution to our business development over the years. Sir Run Run will be fondly remembered by all of us for his leadership and insight, and by the communities in Hong Kong and across Mainland China for his philanthropy.
Last but not least, I would like to sincerely thank our directors for their wise counsel and guidance, and our staff for their on-going support during 2013. Despite the many challenges ahead, I am confident that TVB will continue to play a leading role in the Chinese television markets.
Norman Leung Nai Pang 
Hong Kong, 26 March 2014 
