The directors of Television Broadcasts Limited ( Directors ) are pleased to present the 2009 annual report and financial statements in respect of Television Broadcasts Limited (the Company or TVB ) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the 
RESULTS AND DIVIDEND For the year, the Group reported a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$900 million (2008: HK$1,055 million), which represented a decrease of 15%. Earnings per share was HK$2.06 (2008: HK$2.41). At the year end, the total equity stood at HK$5,819 million (2008: 
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting in May 2010, Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$1.35 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.25 per share paid earlier, this makes a total dividend of HK$1.60 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2009, and represents a decrease of 6% over 2008 and a 78% payout to our current year s 
BUSINESS AND OUTLOOK 2009 was truly a challenging year on all fronts. As I mentioned in the interim report of the year, the negative impact of the global economic downturn brought sharp and rapid decline in our revenue.
Our cost structure, being substantially fixed in nature, lowered the Company s performance during any economic setback. As we moved into the second half of the year, we were pleased to see stabilisation and return of confidence in the market. We are fortunate that we are able to maintain our lead in the terrestrial TV market, both in TV ratings and market acclaim, which gave us the much needed foundation to secure our advertising business on our terrestrial TV channels. Our business models, encompassing broadcasting, production, and programme distribution, are continuing to work well for us. To this end, I must whole-heartedly thank our loyal staff and artistes who have demonstrated their commitments and dedication to this organisation, allowing it to grow and maintain its market position throughout the past 42 years.
With a total of five digital TV channels, we are offering an attractive terrestrial TV service in Hong Kong. However, the landscape for terrestrial TV is set to become more competitive, as new players have submitted their licence applications to enter this market. We will remain vigilant and strive to produce the programmes welcomed by 
The market for pay TV in Hong Kong has become very competitive, as operators battle to secure premium contents for subscribers. Over the years, TVB Pay Vision, our associate which provides pay television services, has become a driving force in the business, and a household brand name for the much sought after drama serials. To better align our position as the major content supplier to TVB Pay Vision, we have taken the opportunity to increase our beneficial interest from 29% to 60% through the additional acquisition of TVB Pay Vision s non-voting 
We shall increase the variety of programmes, serving our subscribers needs, and will enhance and leverage on the content library that TVB houses to our advantage.
On international distribution, we continue to enjoy the existing satellite TV platforms and worldwide licensing network which we have built over the years. This has put us in an advantageous position to deliver our contents to the Chinese community all over the world. In future, we foresee that this distribution will further transform and evolve into a landscape driven by the Internet or other on-line medium, as more and more viewers are becoming receptive to on- line medium as convenient and efficient ways of receiving our programmes.
During the year, we have continued to invest in our Internet operations and started to build an electronic archive in the nearby Shaw Studios for storage and management of our programme library. We believe that these essential investments will form a good foundation for our 
Lastly, on 1 January 2010, I have taken a step to hand over my duties as the Executive Chairman to my fellow deputy chairmen, but will continue to serve you as a non-executive Chairman of the Board and a member of the Executive Committee. With 2009 now behind us, we look forward to 2010 with the anticipation of a recovery phase in the market. Together with my fellow board members, we look forward to taking on challenges and your continued support in the 
