I am pleased to report that in 2007 the Group s turnover increased from HK$4,201 million (2006) to HK$4,326 million, representing a 3% increase. The Group s profit attributable to shareholders also increased from HK$1,189 million (2006) to HK$1,264 million, representing a 6% increase. At the year end, our shareholders funds stood at HK$5,344 million.
At the forthcoming Annual General Meeting in May 2008, the Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$1.50 per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.30 per share paid earlier, this makes a total dividend of HK$1.80 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2007, and represents an increase of 6% over 2006 and a 62% payout of our current year s profit.
Through the dedication and persistent hard work of our staff, we continued to maintain overwhelming rating positions on our terrestrial TV channels. During the year, we saw our audience share in Hong Kong for Jade and Pearl averaged at 84% and 79% respectively during prime time hours. TVB 40th Anniversary Gala in November 2007 proved to be so popular that it attracted 2.4 million viewers and an audience share of 92%. We are extremely pleased to share this significant milestone in our corporate history with so many viewers in Hong Kong and many more viewers overseas.
During the course of the year, we actively cooperated in the production of programmes with our mainland partners. The drama The Drive of Life co-produced with China Central Television ( CCTV ) was completed under much fanfare and publicity. Through this drama, we made inroad into prime time television hours in the mainland, thereby exposing our quality programmes and artistes to a much broader arena. We will, in future, continue to co-produce programmes with our 
On 31 December 2007, we entered into a new era when we began broadcasting our digital channels in Hong Kong in a ceremony officiated by the Chief Executive. We now deliver to our audience HD Jade, the first round the clock high definition TV channel in Hong Kong together with Jade and Pearl channels in standard digital format. We plan to introduce two new standard digital channels J2 and Interactive Infotainment Channel later in 2008 so as to offer more programme choices to our viewers. Under digital broadcasting, audience will not only benefit from the improved image quality, but more targeted choice of entertainment and information channels.
In August 2008, China will stage the much eagerly-awaited Olympic Games in capital Beijing, which will capture the hearts of billions of viewers around the world. For the first time, TVB will be out in force to cover the events in high definition, bringing home the Olympic events in an unprecedented experience.
Our Taiwan operation will soon have a new home in the Neihu district, Taipei City. Our investment in the new headquarters building reaffirms our long term commitment to serving the people of Taiwan. It is comforting to see that our TVBS and TVBSN channels are the leading news channels in Taiwan.
Looking into the future when technology will play a bigger role in the media business, competition amongst different modes of media businesses will no doubt intensify. I am confident that with our dedicated and talented staff working in a team spirit, we will be able to take our business to new heights.
On behalf of the Board, I wish to thank all our stakeholders for their endorsement of and support to the TVB Group.

