CHAIRMAN¡¯S STATEMENT
2004 was a year of recovery for Hong Kong¡¯s economy and TVB.
We performed consistently throughout the year posting very
satisfactory results for the year.
It is my pleasure to report an increase of the group¡¯s turnover from
HK$3,311 million to HK$3,817 million, which represented an
increase of 15%. Our advertising revenue which totalled HK$2,007
million showed an increase of 16% over 2003. This reflected the
recovery in the economy in Hong Kong during 2004, as compared
with the year 2003, which was adversely affected by SARS in the
region, and the strength of TVB in continuing to capture a
significant share of advertising dollars. As a result, net profit for
the year increased from HK$441 million to HK$719 million, which
represented an increase of 63%. This is the result of solid revenue
growth and stringent measures taken to control costs and overheads.
At the Company¡¯s annual general meeting to be held on 25 May
2005, the directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$0.80
per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.20 per share
paid on 30 September 2004, this makes a total dividend of HK$1.00
per share for the year ended 31 December 2004, and represents an
increase of 25% over the total dividend of HK$0.80 per share for
last year.
Our channel operations in Taiwan continued to generate encouraging results. In line with our long term strategy to expand our
earnings base, we are pleased to report that the group has increased its stake in Liann Yee Production Co. Ltd., in Taiwan, from
70% to 100% through a transaction announced on 4 February 2005. The transaction received the approval from shareholders of the
Company at an extraordinary general meeting on 21 March 2005. With the consolidation of our interest in the Taiwan cable TV
market, we look forward to further contribution from this exciting, though competitive, market.
Our licensing business continued to make steady progress in key markets as the subscriber base continued to expand, despite rising
web piracy which affected some of our video rental and sale businesses. Subscriber numbers for our satellite delivered channels in
the USA showed satisfactory growth. As regards the European and Australian satellite pay TV operations, we have improved our
distribution technology to counteract piracy of our channels.
Despite the departure of Intelsat Hong Kong, LLC, our partner in Galaxy Satellite Broadcasting Limited (¡°Galaxy¡±), in December
2004, we remain a believer in the exciting opportunities in the pay TV market in Hong Kong. We base this belief on the competitive
advantage that Galaxy has in providing TV programmes that meet local market needs, and its ability to respond to changes in
viewing habits and tastes, as new pay TV operators emerge. Through Galaxy¡¯s planned business cooperation with Hutchison
Global Communications Limited, it will be able to expand into the IPTV market in Hong Kong, in addition to distribution through
SMATV. We believe that this will make Galaxy¡¯s offerings attractive and competitive.
In 2004, we secured the right to legally distribute our two Hong Kong terrestrial TV channels - Jade and Pearl, in the Cantonese
speaking Pearl River Delta area. We see this as the first step in cooperating with partners in the Pearl River Delta, which we hope
will give rise to mutually beneficial business opportunities.
Finally, on behalf of the board, I would like to extend my sincere thanks to all of our dedicated staff for their many efforts in
reaching new heights. We continue to look forward to further successes in the future.
Run Run Shaw
Executive Chairman
Hong Kong, 23 March 2005