DR. noRMan leUng nai Pang gBs, llD, JP 
The Board of Directors of Television Broadcasts Limited ( Board ) is pleased to present the annual report and financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2012.
ResUlts anD DiViDenDs Despite multiple challenges affecting our operating environment during 2012, I am very pleased to report that the Group once again achieved a higher profit attributable to equity holders for the year.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, the Group s turnover increased by 5% from HK$5,209 million to HK$5,448 million, and the profit before income tax increased by 2% from HK$2,097 million to HK$2,139 million. The Group s profit attributable to equity holders increased by 11% from HK$1,556 million to HK$1,730 million. This gives an earnings per share of HK$3.95 
Our financial position continues to be strong. At the year end, our total equity stood at HK$7,887 million (2011: HK$7,093 million). Our unpledged cash balance totalled HK$3,604 million (2011: HK$3,693 million) and the bank borrowing decreased to HK$205 million (2011: HK$221 million).
As a result, Directors will recommend a final dividend of HK$2.00 per share at the forthcoming annual general meeting.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.60 per share paid, this would make a total dividend of HK$2.60 per share for the full year ended 31 December 2012, and represents an increase of 18% over 2011, and a 66% payout to our current year s 
45 th anniVeRsaRY On 19 November 2012, we celebrated our 45 th anniversary in the broadcasting business. During these years, TVB has nurtured numerous celebrity performers and home-grown production talents, who continuously contribute to the success of today s entertainment industry. I have to pay tribute to Mr. Hsiao-Wo Lee, a founder of the Company and Chairman of the Board from August 1965 to June 1980 and Sir Run Run Shaw, a founder of the Company and Executive ChairmanChairman of the Board from July 1980 to December 2011 for their immense contributions to the Company. Their vision for the TV industry and their outstanding leadership over the past years had laid a solid foundation for our business today.
TVB has evolved from a small team of several hundred staff at the beginning to an organisation with a total staff number in excess of 4,600. Today, we own our broadcasting network and transmit five digital free-to-air channels around Hong Kong.
From a small base in Hong Kong, we are reaching out to hundreds of millions of Chinese households around the world, entertaining and keeping our viewers in touch with Hong Kong every day.
Our road has, however, been full of challenges. We had to invest huge amounts in capital equipment for production and transmission. In Hong Kong, we persisted to produce programmes using our own talents, which again required substantial up-front investment, to meet the demand of the local audience. We also had to weather the impacts from the peaks and troughs of the economic cycles, resulting in painful down-sizing at critical times.
Yet, if we look back into our history, we remain proud of our evolution and achievements.
china Joint VentURe Mainland China, with a total population of over 1.3 billion, remains a key market for TVB, despite her tight regulatory controls over imports and production of programmes. Throughout the years, we have succeeded in exporting programmes, principally drama serials, into Mainland China, leveraging on our programme successes in Hong Kong and the popularity of our artistes. On 8 August 2012, we witnessed an important milestone in our business as a joint venture under the name of 
NwmqgePd gPlQS ( TVBC ) between TVB, China Media Capital and Shanghai Media Group ( SMG ) was officially formed in Shanghai, with a shareholding of 55% by TVB and the balance by our mainland partners. Being the second largest media group in Mainland China with a comprehensive portfolio of media assets, SMG shares many common goals with us. Mr. Li Ruigang, former president of SMG, takes the reign as the executive chairman of this joint venture. We are very delighted to have forged this important relationship, in furtherance of our programme production, and licensing and distribution business in Mainland China. Through TVBC, we have a strong platform for our future businesses.

channels anD Digital MeDia BUsiness Riding on the high viewership of our programmes at primetime on Jade and the strong support from our customers, revenue from our Hong Kong TV broadcasting business achieved a 6% increase over last year from HK$2,987 million to HK$3,167 million. Jade produced one of the most successful years in history of high TV ratings in 2012. Eleven drama serials broadcast during primetime last year achieved an average of over 30 TVRs (representing a reach of over 1,922,100 viewers), out of which four drama serials garnered over an average of 31 TVRs (representing a reach of over 1,986,170 viewers) over the broadcast of the entire drama serials. In addition, online ratings of between 1.2 and 2.1 TVRs were attained for the four prominent drama serials which averaged 31 TVRs. During the year, we successfully broadcast with market acclaim a drama serial Tiger Cubs during weekend primetime in the summer which averaged 28 TVRs on TV and 1.9 TVRs online. Special thanks must go to our creative and production teams which remain dedicated to TVB during a time when our business was going through severe competitive threats from potential operators.
During the last quarter of 2012 and the first quarter of 2013, we progressively upgraded our digital channels, namely, iNews, Pearl, J2 and Jade to high definition quality. We acted quickly to bring into the market a number of mobile applications (namely, TVB News, TVB Finance and TVB Zone), targeting the needs of our audience while on-the-move. With these new apps, we have increased our app offerings to eight, complementing our portal business under tvb.com which attracts an increasing number of loyal followers. Adopting a similar business model, we have much to look forward to rolling out the services in overseas territories.
BUsiness DeVeloPMents in taiWan anD hong Kong To further our business objectives and particularly to enhance our production capabilities, we have identified a number of development plans. In Taiwan, we purchased a piece of land in Linkou, New Taipei City, in October 2012 for development into production headquarters and studios with an estimated cost of HK$1.2 billion. The proposed production studios will enable us to commence a production pipeline of mandarin TV dramas for the Taiwan, mainland and overseas markets.
Further, this project will offer unparalleled opportunities for artistes from Mainland China and Hong Kong to take part in drama production in Taiwan. For enhancement of our core operating capability in Hong Kong, the Company is planning the construction of new production studios and related facilities, including the construction of new offices and a grand production studio, at an estimated cost of HK$1.8 billion. These capital investments in Taiwan and in Hong Kong underscore our long-term confidence in the business of the Group, and our commitment to remain the preferred TV channels to our audience in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Mainland China and other parts of the world.

I would like to extend a warm welcome to Mr. Raymond Or Ching Fai who was appointed to the Board on 6 December 2012 as an independent non-executive director. Mr. Or, a distinguished banker who needs no introduction, brings with him a wealth of experience in banking and other businesses to the Board. With the addition of Mr. Or, the Company fulfills the requirement of the Code on Corporate Governance of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong that at least one-third in the numbers of board members must be independent non-executive directors.

2013 will be another challenging year for us. Whilst we are pleased to note the gradual improvement in the macro-economic situation which supports a healthy market growth in Hong Kong, our local advertising business could be susceptible to the Government s final decision on issuance of new free TV licences. We believe in fair and open competition on a level playing field and, in relation thereto, we do respectfully urge the Government, in the interest of the public, to foster a transparent and long-term policy for an orderly, healthy and sustainable development of the free TV market if we were to promote Hong Kong as a regional broadcasting hub.
Further, operating our business and maintaining talents and manpower for our production pipeline in the current inflationary environment will inevitably contribute to further rise in costs. To offset the likelihood of negative impact, we are looking into our overseas markets for growth, focusing initially on our business in Mainland China and later in Taiwan, as well as our digital media business.
I am profoundly grateful to my fellow Directors for their unfailing support and wise counsel to the Board which together with our capable management has made 2012 another year of success. Equally, my statement cannot end without expressing my heartfelt thanks to all of our stakeholders audience, clients and partners, shareholders, employees, artistes and suppliers for their dedication and sterling support to TVB during a challenging period in our industry, and we look forward to their continued support for the betterment of our business in the years to come.
norman leung nai Pang 
Hong Kong, 27 March 2013 
