CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) reported a turnover of HK$10,461 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2012, representing a contraction of 19.0% as compared with HK$12,915 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year is HK$689 million which is 76.5% lower than the previous year s net profit of HK$2,932 million, having been negatively impacted by challenging market and economic conditions. Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to HK$1.73 (2011: HK$7.40).

In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and equity base, the Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.30 (2011: final dividend of HK$0.80) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.61 (2011: HK$1.60) per share paid in August 2012, the total dividend payment for year 2012 will be HK$0.91 (2011: HK$2.40) per share.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our short- term needs and on-going positive cash flow from our operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to shareholders.

Although 2012 started promisingly enough, in retrospect, macroeconomic concerns again surfaced as the tide started to turn. During the first half of 2012, the semiconductor material and assembly equipment markets appeared to pick up quite strongly. The LED equipment market was on its way to recovery after a slump, albeit at a relatively slow pace.
However, the slow economic recovery in the USA, the debt crisis in Europe and the deceleration of economic growth in the emerging economies, in particular China, adversely affected the confidence of investors and consumers. This led to a global slowdown in consumer demand. As a result, the nascent recovery in the semiconductor market experienced in the first half of last year turned out to be a short-lived one.
As from the third quarter of last year, the semiconductor material and equipment markets contracted sharply as compared to the second quarter. The rate of market contraction during the second half of last year surprisingly deviated from normal seasonal patterns. In the past, such a significant contraction would only be observed during industry recessions.
This contraction served, amongst other things, to disrupt the recovery momentum of the LED equipment market. Although the SMT equipment market was originally expected to recover by the middle of last year, the much-anticipated recovery did not finally materialize due to the weakened investor confidence and 
Mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, continue to be the major drivers of our 
Active Alignment Bonding for CMOS image sensors in mobile applications Mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, continue to be the major drivers of our 
Active Alignment Bonder Most of the CMOS Image Sensors for smartphones and tablet PC s are assembled by 
China has been the largest market for the Group for many years, and it still is. The slowdown in the China market probably had the greatest negative impact on the Group s performance 
Overall, Group revenue for 2012 was US$1,348.7 million, representing a contraction of 19.0% compared to 
Despite the challenges that we faced last year, we successfully returned our Lead frame business to profitability, making it our star performer last year.
This result was assisted by stable metal prices and our success in convincing our customers to accept either a floating price formula or price increases. Higher capacity utilization and our ongoing cost reduction efforts also contributed to the improvement in profitability of our Lead frame 
With its strong performances in the second and third quarters of last year, the revenue of our Lead frame business attained another new record of US$212.3 million, representing a growth of 8.8% from the year before.
Last year, our Lead frame revenue contributed to 15.8% of the Group s 
Our Back-end equipment business (formerly referred to as the Assembly and Packaging equipment business), which consists of the IC, discrete, CIS (CMOS image sensor) and LED equipment businesses, experienced a strong pick-up starting from the latter part of the first quarter of last year. Unfortunately, the unfavourable economic and market conditions served to stall the initial momentum during the second half of 2012, thereby halting the promising improvement and adversely impacting the profitability of our Back-end equipment business. In particular, gross margins for Back-end equipment were negatively affected by the product mix, lower capacity utilization and average selling prices.
Revenue of our Back-end equipment business contracted by 23.0% last year to US$647.9 million, contributing 48.0% of the Group s total revenue.
Due to the prolonged market slowdown, the revenue of our SMT equipment business contracted by 22.3% from 2011 to US$488.5 million. The SMT equipment business contributed to 36.2% of the Group s 
LED General Lighting is a significant future driver 
Automated Optical Inspection for LED Wafers ASM has the largest market share in LED packaging equipment 
Although last year was a challenging year for our SMT equipment business, we are glad that it has demonstrated its strong resilience by successfully withstanding the challenges brought about by the deteriorating market and economic conditions. Despite significantly lower revenues, it maintained its profitability during every quarter of last year. In fact, its gross margins have even improved as compared to 2011. It was a commendable performance by the newest member of our Group.
Indeed, we are making good progress in our SMT equipment business. Last year, we successfully penetrated into many new accounts, including an important customer for the manufacturing of smart phones.
Assisted by our Chip Assembly (CA) machines, we are moving into non- traditional SMT placement markets.
We are confident that our SMT German engineering, quality, and operational excellence further enhance the Group s strengths equipment business is on its way to achieve even better performances and to increasingly contribute to enhancing the financial performance of the 
As a result of the underlying negative macroeconomic factors, our overall profitability last year was unsatisfactory. We have thus put in place an aggressive cost reduction programme to drive the necessary improvement. The level of outsourcing will also be further increased during future market ramp-ups to improve our flexibility in controlling production 
New order bookings for 2012 was US$1.32 billion, a slight decline of 4.0% as compared to 2011. In fact, new order bookings in respect of our Lead frames and Back-end equipment businesses actually improved over 2011. Book to bill ratio was 0.98, and our backlog as of the end of last year was US$260.7 million.
One of ASM s traditional strengths is its broad customer base, which continues to be geographically well-diversified.
By geographical distribution, China (including Hong Kong) (45.2%), Europe (17.0%), Malaysia (8.9%), the Americas (8.6%) and Taiwan (6.1%) were the top five markets for ASM in 2012. Led by the SMT equipment business, we continue to make steady progress in the Americas market.
Due to the unfavourable economic conditions, the contributions from the markets in China and Europe to the Group have decreased, but these still remain as our largest markets.
We also continue to build our business on a wide mix and spread of customers. In 2012, our top 5 customers contributed to 16.4% of our total revenue. 80% of the Group revenue in 2012 came from 191 customers. Out of our top 20 customers, 6 were from the SMT equipment business, and of which 2 were key customers for both the Back- end equipment business and the SMT 
SIPLACE Team presented with Global Excellence in 
The newly acquired SMT business is a key growth driver for ASM s revenue and profit SIPLACE Smart Pin Support The SMT equipment business has maintained its profitability in every quarter since it joined the Group 
The market contracted sharply during the second half of last year. As a result new order bookings for the second half of the year decreased by 37.2% as compared to the preceding six months.
In fact, 61.4% of the Group s new order bookings last year was received in the first six months.
Nevertheless, due to a strong backlog situation, we were able to maintain billings for the second half of last year at a similar level to the first half of last year. Group billings for the second half of last year were at US$685.6 million, representing a slight increase of 3.3% over the first half year but 4.5% below the same period of 2011.
The SMT equipment business registered the largest growth of 28.0%.
SMT equipment revenue for the last six months of 2012 was US$274.4 million, contributing to 40.0% of the Group revenue. SMT equipment revenue was 13.7% below the same period of 2011.
Lead frame revenue for the second half of last year was US$108 million, representing increases of 3.4% and 18.0% over the first half of 2012 and the second half of 2011 respectively.
The Back-end equipment business suffered contractions of 12.1% and 1.7% over the first half of 2012 and the second half of 2011 respectively.
This resulted in Back-end equipment revenues of US$303.2 million for the second half of last year.
The product mix and reduced Back- end equipment revenue negatively affected the Group s profitability in the second half of last year, despite increased revenues for both the Lead frame and SMT equipment businesses.
During the second half of last year, we did notice that capacity utilization of our LED customers experienced a reduction, although the magnitude was not severe. We believe that the challenging market conditions during the second half of last year only temporarily derailed the recovery of the LED market. We also noticed that the market was stabilizing towards the end of last year. Bookings for the Group in the fourth quarter of last year were at a similar level to that of the previous quarter, indicating that the market had stabilized.
Bookings were at US$250.3 million, representing an increase of 4.1% over the same period of the previous year and a decrease of 3.7% from the preceding quarter, respectively.
As we had predicted at the beginning of the fourth quarter of last year, bookings for our Lead frame business began to bounce back from the low levels which were experienced in the preceding third quarter. Lead frame bookings were also at a level just slightly below the level of the same period a year ago. While we consider that Lead frame bookings were still at a low level, the quarter-on-quarter growth rate nevertheless amounted to a strong double-digit improvement.
The fourth-quarter bookings for our SMT equipment improved slightly over the preceding quarter. It also registered a double-digit year-on-year growth.
We are particularly pleased that there are signs that the SMT equipment market in China appears to be on its way to recovery.

transition will present major opportunities to ASM Thermal Compression Bonder Advanced Solution for Fine Pitch Flip Chip Bonding Fine pitch flip chip bonding and 2.5D3D packages will be driven by the popularity of mobile devices and new wafer node technology 
The Back-end equipment business was the only business segment which registered a further decline in new order bookings during the fourth quarter of last year. Still, the quarterly rate of decline had reduced significantly, again a sign that the market is stabilizing. In fact, bookings were just slightly below the level of the same quarter a year ago.
During the fourth quarter of 2012, Group revenue was US$294.1 million, representing declines of 24.9% and 9.4% compared to the preceding quarter and the same period of last 
Back-end equipment revenue was US$104.4 million, representing declines of 47.5% and 26.3% compared to the preceding quarter and the same quarter of last year, respectively. Back-end equipment revenue contributed to 35.5% of the Group s revenue. Lead frame revenue was US$43.3 million, representing a decline of 33.1% against the preceding quarter and an increase of 7.4% compared to the same quarter of last year. Lead frame revenue represented 14.7% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter. SMT equipment revenue was US$146.4 million, representing increases of 14.3% and 2.6% compared to the third quarter and to the same period in 2011, respectively. SMT equipment revenue contributed to 49.8% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter.
Due to the sharp contraction of the Back-end business, the Group suffered a loss in the fourth quarter, although both the SMT equipment and Lead frame businesses stayed profitable throughout this demanding period.

Cash on hand as of 31 December 2012 was HK$1,487 million (2011: HK$1,628 million). During the twelve- month period, HK$560.7 million was paid as dividends (2011: HK$1,901.4 million). Capital addition during the period amounted to HK$542.0 million (2011: HK$807.7 million), which was partially funded by the year s depreciation and amortization of HK$389.0 million (2011: HK$348.0 million). Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. With slower sales during the second half of 2012, accounts receivable increased to 79.4 days sales outstanding (2011: 59.3 days).
As of 31 December 2012, current ratio was 2.25, with a debt-equity ratio of 55.9%. The Group had available bank loans and overdraft facilities of US$344.4 million or its equivalent, out of which US$100.0 million or its equivalent were committed facilities.
As of 31 December 2012, US$106.4 million of the Group s bank loan and overdraft facilities was drawn down, out of which utilization of committed facilities was US$25.0 million.
The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$6,557 million as at 31 December 2012 (2011: HK$6,266 
ASM has become 
Partner of Choice of our customers 
ASM has a strong R&D team, comprehensive knowledge in the entire assembly process of semiconductor packaging and SMT placement, the broadest product portfolio and a strong financial background 
FINANCIAL RESOURCES (Continued The Group has moderate currency exposure. Majority of our sales were denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and Chinese Renminbi. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S.
dollars, Euros, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and Chinese Renminbi. Our limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, the Group s exposure to Euro had increased starting from 2011.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. Under the Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition in January 2011 of the SMT Equipment business from Siemens AG, ASM had committed that it will not transfer assets, which include but are not limited to cash, from the German operations of the SMT Equipment business for a period of 3 years from the acquisition. After considering our short-term needs, the aforesaid commitment and our cash on hand, the Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.30 per share. Excluding the earnings from the SMT equipment business, the dividend payout ratio for 2012 is 82.5%. With its promising growth potential in both revenue and earnings we believe our investment in the SMT equipment business will be able to deliver high returns in the 
ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high- calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual 
As of 31 December 2012, total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 15,800 people, of whom 1,300 were based in Hong Kong and 14,500 were based in Mainland China and other locations overseas.
Total manpower costs for 2012 were HK$3,135 million, as compared with HK$3,046 million for 2011.

There are signs that the market slowdown had stabilized towards the end of last year, indicating that we have probably come off the bottom of the current industry cycle. Although we cannot predict the rate of recovery at this moment, we are of the opinion that the market is gradually working its way upwards from the downturn.
Some analysts have even forecasted that the semiconductor industry is on its way to sustainable multi-year 
Smart phones and tablet computers have become the most important drivers of the semiconductor market.
Many observers have commented that we have already entered the era of personal mobile computing. The demand for such devices and gadgets is not likely to shrink in the near future. In fact, demand for low-price smart phones and tablet computers catering to the emerging markets can be expected to be an important driver of growth in the foreseeable future.
For instance, tablet computer shipments are expected to exceed notebook computer shipments by 2013 in many markets. With many players entering the market, we expect that the shifting market dynamics will create new opportunities in the form of the variety of devices, different price points and screen sizes, and innovative business models to drive the growth of 
Improvements in LED technology and manufacturing, as well as continuous decrease in the pricing of LED components will benefit manufacturers of LED lighting. On the part of consumers, the growing awareness about the benefits of LED lighting, general satisfaction with the quality of products, and steady decrease in pricing of LED lighting will continue to fuel increasing market penetration, especially in the commercial segment (such as the retail and hospitality sectors) as economic growth recovers.
U l t i m a t e l y , t h e p r e v a i l i n g macroeconomic conditions will have a major influence on the semiconductor market. The uncertainties surrounding the prospects for an upturn in global economic growth are the major retardants to consumer spending. This uncertainty has caused pessimistic business and consumer sentiments throughout the world. Much of this uncertainty appears to be nearing resolution, and as it does, the industry would be hopeful for investment to be reinvigorated, hastening a long- awaited acceleration of demand for capital equipment in 2013. Moreover, many industry participants predict that the current inventory correction cycle of the global semiconductor industry is coming to an end. These factors have the potential to spur a growth year ahead for the industry.
There are various indications that the world economy is gradually improving.
The economy of the USA seems to be on a path to recovery, although the pace of the recovery is not as fast as many people would prefer. China seems to have avoided a hard landing to its economy despite a slowdown.
Many analysts consider that China had successfully turned its economy towards greater internal consumption.
While the external market for China- made goods may still be challenging, there is a general belief that the increased internal consumption will put the economic growth rate of China back into a state of expansion.
Therefore, there are encouraging signs that our industry is not far away from entering a period of growth, although no one is exactly sure when it will materialize. Many people in the industry believe that the likely timing will be the second half of this year or it may commence as early as the second quarter. In fact, we are expecting our Back-end equipment and Lead frame bookings in Q1 2013 to improve over the preceding quarter.
However, until the market really picks up, market conditions will continue to 
We have put in place an aggressive cost reduction programme to drive improvement through innovation 
Besides growing alongside the anticipated recovery in the market, ASM aims to achieve growth by gaining market share and participating in new technologies addressing the future needs of the industry. With the popularity of smart phones and tablet computers, we expect demand for the so-called 2.5D and 3D packaging will accelerate. ASM has been investing aggressively in this area, developing technologies and solutions for both bonding and encapsulation. We expect our investment to bring meaningful returns in the foreseeable future.
The market has changed significantly in the past few years. Our customers are keen to aggressively develop new packaging solutions, and ASM has been selected by many of them as their technology partner. Unlike our peers, which are mainly players in specific product segments, ASM has a strong R&D team, comprehensive knowledge in the entire assembly process of semiconductor packaging and SMT placement, the broadest product portfolio and a strong financial background. We realize that when it comes to picking their technology development partner, many of our customers give significant weight to 
We believe that our strategy of investing for the future, our potential for further market share gain in the SMT equipment business, the growing Lead frame and Back-end equipment businesses and our strong market position in the LED market are all strengths that enhance ASM s outlook for the future.

The Group is operating in a very competitive business environment and the semiconductor and electronics industry is facing many challenges.
The Group s position as a leading supplier of both the Back-end and SMT Equipment markets is owed in no small measure to the tireless contributions of all our staff. We wish to take this opportunity to place on record our appreciation to our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their continued support and contributions to the success of the 
Arthur H. del Prado 
5 March 2013 We are enhancing our flexibility in 
cater for the fast changing 
We will supplement our internal manufacturing with increased level of outsourcing and flexible manufacturing 
