CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASMPT ) reported a turnover of HK$10,841 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2013, representing a rise of 3.6% as compared with HK$10,461 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year is HK$559 million which is 18.9% lower than the previous year s net profit of HK$689 million.
Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to HK$1.40 (2012: HK$1.73). Excluding a one-time charge associated with the partial relocation of our factory in Shenzhen, China, and related severance payments and tax effect, net profit for the Group in 2013 contracted by 7.5% to HK$637 million, and basic earnings per share amounted to HK$1.60.

We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering the Group s short term needs and our cash on hand, the Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.50 (2012: final dividend of HK$0.30) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.35 (2012: HK$0.61) per share paid in August 2013, the total dividend payment for year 2013 will be HK$0.85 (2012: HK$0.91) per share.

With the US and Europe still emerging from recession, 2013 continued to be a challenging year for our industry. In late 2012, there was an expectation that the following year would bring forth a noticeable improvement. In particular, the bookings for the second half of 2013 were expected to be strong. Unfortunately, the expectation did not quite materialize. On the bright side, while market demand did wane during the second half of 2013 as in the previous three years, the contraction was much smaller.
For ASMPT, 2013 was a year full of challenges as well as achievements.
First of all, all three segments of our business achieved small revenue growths relative to 2012, notwithstanding predictions by market analysts that both the semiconductor Back-end and SMT equipment markets would contract from 2012. Against this backdrop, our Lead frame business also set another new revenue record last year, surpassing the previous record that was set in 2012.
All three business segments have 
MARKET IN 2013 
Next, Group bookings exceeded the levels achieved in 2012. In fact, new order bookings for all three segments of our business registered positive, albeit small, growth.
Additionally, it appears that all three segments of our business were successful in gaining market share.
This is amply demonstrated by the fact that we regained the number one position in the global semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment market, and even opened up a substantial lead over our closest rival that was holding the top position in 2012. Further, we continued to set new revenue records for our Lead frame business. We have also advanced from the third to the second position in the global SMT placement machine market through significant market share gains in China and the Americas. Based on our sales volume in 2013, we have undoubtedly attained the number one position in the Americas market for 
Our achievements are a reflection of our successful business strategies.
ASMPT build its business with a diversified product portfolio and a broad customer base. This enables ASMPT to be more resilient during periods of challenging market 
Furthermore, ASMPT s strategic approach of focusing on multiple application markets, investing in advanced technologies and collaborating with leading customers resulted in tangible rewards last year, and it opened up channels to both short-term and long-term growth of the 
Demand for our CMOS Image Sensor ( CIS ) equipment was strong last year. The Light-Emitting Diode ( LED ) equipment market continued on track towards recovery. Thermo- Compression Bonding ( TCB ) equipment started to make meaningful contributions to our revenue stream, and our SMT equipment made in-roads into non-traditional SMT markets.
Likewise, the profitability of our Lead frame business improved significantly, powered by both internal and external 
Although the profitability of our Back- end equipment business has yet to show significant improvement due to a challenging market, we are confident that the various cost reduction measures and out-sourcing strategy that we have put in place will lead to significant improvements to the profitability of the Back-end equipment business segment during the second andor third quarters this year, when business activities should improve 
OPPORTUNITIES OFFERED BY 
Customers Partner of Choice 
Meanwhile, despite the profitability of the SMT equipment business being negatively impacted by geographical mix and downward pressure on average selling prices ( ASP ) brought about by the depreciation of the Japanese yen, on a positive note, the savings from our in-sourcing activities last year made a material contribution to the profitability of this business segment. Further opportunities for in-sourcing are being explored and implemented, and we have identified various avenues for improving the future profitability of the SMT 
Last but not least, we successfully entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Dover Corporation to acquire its DEK printer business. We believe that the DEK printer business will offer enhanced synergies to further build upon and expand our SMT 
Overall, Group revenue for 2013 was US$1,397.6 million, representing a growth of 3.6% compared to 2012.
Group net profit was HK$558.6 million, which amounts to a contraction of 18.9% from 2012.
Excluding a one-time charge relating to the relocation of part of our factory in Yantian to Longgang in Shenzhen, China, and the severance payments related to the relocation and tax effect, Group net profit was HK$637.0 million, which was a 7.5% contraction 
The Lead frame business performed strongly last year. The revenue from our Lead frame business attained another new record of US$222.2 million, representing a growth of 4.7% from the year before. Last year, Lead frame revenue contributed to 15.9% of the Group s total revenue.
We continued to drive improvement in the profitability of our Lead frame business last year. The segment result improved 54.3% over the previous 
Revenue of our Back-end equipment business grew by 3.5% last year to US$670.4 million, contributing to 48.0% of the Group s total revenue.
With an aggressive cost reduction program in place, we were able to achieve a moderate improvement of 11.6% in the segment result of our Back-end equipment business last 
On the other hand, revenue of our SMT equipment business grew by 3.4% to US$505.0 million. Last year, SMT equipment revenue contributed to 36.1% of the Group s total revenue.
Profitability of our SMT equipment business was negatively affected by geographical mix and lower ASP pressure brought about by the depreciation of the Japanese yen.

OF LED MARKET Unparalleled Global Leader 
ASMPT has a geographically well- diversified business. By geographical distribution, China (including Hong Kong) (49.4%), Europe (13.7%), the Americas (9.6%), Malaysia (8.5%) and Taiwan (5.9%) were the top five markets for ASMPT in 2013. We continue to make good progress in the Americas market, led by both our Back-end equipment and SMT equipment businesses. In fact, we are now the leader in the Americas market for SMT equipment.
Due to the weak economic conditions, the contribution to Group revenue from the European market has declined. Nevertheless, it has remained the second largest market for ASMPT.
Towards the end of last year, we observed signs suggesting a recovery of the European market, which is in line with the general belief that the European economy is finally gaining strength after its long recession.
We continue to build our business on a diversified customer base. In 2013, our top 5 customers contributed to 16.1% of our total revenue. 80% of the Group revenue came from 240 customers.
Out of the top 20 customers, 5 were from the SMT equipment business and 3 were key customers for both the Back-end and SMT equipment 
New order bookings last year were US$1.39 billion, an improvement of 4.7% as compared to 2012. New order bookings for all three segments of our business improved over the previous year, with Back-end equipment business improved by 1.8%, Lead frame business by 11.9% and SMT equipment business by 5.5%. The book-to-bill ratio was 0.99, while backlog as of the end of last year was 
Similar to the pattern seen in the last few years, the market contracted during the second half of last year.
However, the contraction was significantly smaller this time. Our new order bookings for the second half of last year contracted by only 9.0% compared to the preceding six months but saw a growth of 29.4% over the second half of 2012. In our view, this could signal that we have reached or even passed the trough of the current 
Despite the contraction in the second half of 2013, due to the contribution from our healthy backlog, billings for the second half of last year were at a higher level than the first half year.
Group billings for the second half of last year was US$756.4 million, representing growths of 17.9% and 10.4% over the first half of last year and the same period in 2012, 
REVENUE AND PROFIT GROWTH FOR SMT 
The SMT equipment business registered the most sizeable growth of 30.7% over the first half of 2013.
SMT equipment revenue for the last six months of 2013 was US$286.1 million, contributing to 37.8% of the Group revenue. SMT equipment revenue was 4.3% above the same period of 2012.
Lead frame revenue for the second half of last year was US$114.2 million, representing increases of 5.6% and 5.7% over the first half of 2013 and the second half of 2012, respectively.
Back-end equipment business revenue grew by 13.2% and 17.5% over the first half of 2013 and the second half of 2012, respectively. Back-end equipment revenue totaled US$356.1 million for the second half of last year.
Excluding the one-time relocation charges and related severance payments and tax effect, net profit for the Group in the second half last year improved by 67.3% and 94.1% against the first half of 2013 and the second half of 2012, respectively.
All three segments of our business demonstrated improved profitability during the second half of last year as compared to the preceding six months, with improvements in the results of the respective segments falling within the range of 31.2% to 150.9%.
We noticed that, during the fourth quarter of last year, the market was significantly better than that of the corresponding period in 2012.
Bookings were US$292.8 million, representing an increase of 17.0% and a decrease of 20.3%, over the same period of the previous year and the preceding quarter, respectively.
Bookings for our Lead frame business rebounded by 13.6% from the drop during the third quarter of last year.
Generally, the low point of our Lead frame bookings last year occurred during the third quarter and was 
Bookings for our Back-end equipment business during the fourth quarter of last year achieved strong improvement of 25.7% over the same period a year ago. However, it suffered a 25.0% 
The fourth-quarter bookings for our SMT equipment declined both quarter- on-quarter and year-on-year by 26.1% and 4.5% respectively, but we are encouraged by the likely recovery of the European market in the near future.

During the fourth quarter last year, Group revenue was US$356.5 million, representing a decline of 10.9% and an improvement of 21.2% compared to the preceding quarter and the same quarter of previous year, respectively.
Back-end equipment revenue was US$159.9 million, representing a decline of 18.5% compared to the preceding quarter and robust growth of 53.1% compared to the same quarter of the previous year. Back- end equipment revenue contributed to 44.8% of the Group revenue in the 
Lead frame revenue was US$51.2 million, representing decline of 18.6% against the preceding quarter and increase of 18.4% compared to the same quarter of the previous year.
Lead frame revenue contributed to 14.4% of the Group revenue in the 
SMT equipment revenue was US$145.4 million, representing an improvement of 3.2% as compared to the preceding quarter and a slight decline of 0.7% compared to the same quarter of the previous year.
SMT equipment revenue contributed to 40.8% of the Group revenue in the 
Although we had booked the one- time relocation charges and related severance payments and the costs related to the acquisition of the DEK business in the fourth quarter of last year, we were still able to achieve a small net profit as contrasted to a loss a year ago. However, gross margins during the quarter were negatively affected by the lower revenue level and the loss of productivity during the industrial incident in our factory in Yantian, Shenzhen, China in November last year. The said incident led to a reduction of 1,412 workers in our China factories, representing approximately 15.0% of our production workforce serving the Back-end Equipment business. After the incident, productivity has been quickly restored and even surpassed the pre-incident level. Going forward, we expect that the improvement in productivity will contribute positively to the gross margin improvement of our Back-end Equipment business.

Cash on hand as of 31 December 2013 was HK$1,597 million (2012: HK$1,487 million). During the twelve- month period, HK$259.5 million was paid as dividends (2012: HK$560.7 million). Capital addition during the period amounted to HK$350.4 million (2012: HK$542.0 million), which was funded by the year s depreciation and amortization of HK$427.4 million (2012: HK$389.0 million). Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. With slower sales during the fourth quarter of 2013, accounts receivable increased to 83.4 days sales outstanding (2012: 79.4 
As of 31 December 2013, current ratio was 2.43, with a debt-equity ratio of 51.7%. The Group had available bank loans and overdraft facilities of US$319.3 million or its equivalent, out of which US$85.4 million or its equivalent were committed facilities.
As of 31 December 2013, US$89.8 million of the Group s bank loan and overdraft facilities was drawn down, out of which utilization of committed facilities was US$35.4 million.
The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$7,081 million as at 31 December 2013 (2012: HK$6,557 
The Group has moderate currency exposure. The majority of our sales were denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and Chinese Renminbi. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Euros, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and Chinese Renminbi. Our limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, the Group s exposure to Euro had increased starting 
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our short- term needs and our cash on hand, the Board recommends a final dividend of HK$0.50 per share. The dividend payout ratio for 2013 is 60.9%.

ASMPT recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high- calibre employees is always of high priority in ASMPT. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASMPT also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually.
In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual 
As of 31 December 2013, total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 14,400 people, of whom 1,300 were based in Hong Kong and 13,100 were based in Mainland China and other locations overseas.
Total manpower costs for 2013 were HK$3,318 million, as compared with HK$3,135 million for 2012.

Smart phones and tablet computers continue to be the most important drivers of growth for the market, while demand for automotive electronics is gaining traction. The rise in portable consumer devices also drives up demand for data centers, cloud computing and network infrastructures for accessing data on the move.
Most industry analysts continue to forecast positive growth in the demand for semiconductor devices. Together with such growth, LED lighting and displays are driving the demand for LED equipment. On the whole, the world economy seems to have improved as compared to a year ago.
Therefore, we are of the view that our industry is likely to have come off the bottom of the current industry cycle.
In fact, we are noticing some positive signs in the market. For instance, our Lead frame bookings show strong growth momentum, and Back-end equipment customers seem to be more optimistic than a year ago. We anticipate that there is a good chance for our Lead frame business to achieve both quarter-on-quarter and year- on-year improvement in bookings during the first quarter of 2014, whilst there is a fair chance for our Back- end equipment and SMT equipment businesses to achieve the same showing. However, we are mindful that the macroeconomic conditions, confidence of consumers and level of business investment will invariably have a significant impact on the market as well as on our performance.

With reduced bookings received in the previous quarter, we expect a sequential decline in Group billings in the first quarter of 2014, but a low double digit percentage improvement year-on-year. Most of the improvement is expected to come from the Back-end equipment and Lead frame business.
Besides growing on the back of market upturns, ASMPT also aims to achieve growth by gaining market share and participating in new technologies addressing the future needs of the industry. For example, TCB bonding equipment made a meaningful contribution to our revenue last year and we expect it to make a significant contribution this year. With our success in TCB bonders, we have become a clear number two in the flip- chip bonder market. This year, we will strive for the top position in the flip- chip bonder market.
The semiconductor market has changed significantly in the past few years. In tandem with the changes, our customers are aggressively developing new packaging solutions.
ASMPT has been selected by many of its customers to not only be their equipment supplier, but also to be their technology development partner.
Unlike our peers, which mainly focus on specific product segments, ASMPT has a strong R&D team, comprehensive knowledge of the entire assembly process relating to semiconductor packaging and SMT placement, the broadest product portfolio and strong financial resources. We have found that when it comes to picking their technology development partners, many of our customers assign great weight to these factors.
Our experience of working with our leading customers in the development of CIS and TCB equipment has been very promising. This approach significantly shortens our time-to- market, with our product development cycle time being reduced significantly.
In this respect, we are also able to substantially reduce the time it takes to generate meaningful revenue contributions from our new products.
The conversion to fine-pitch copper pillar flip-chip bonding and TCB bonding continue to offer ASMPT tremendous growth opportunities.
Such advances have changed the technology game. They have diluted the advantages that our peers have been enjoying until now in the traditional flip chip bonder market.
Furthermore, ASMPT continues to engage with its other leading customers to develop advanced and yet cost effective solutions for the challenging new packages.
The addition of the DEK printer business to the Group offers significant synergistic potential. We expect the acquisition to help us to gain further market share in the SMT placement equipment market and, at the same time, solidify DEK s leading position in the screen-printing business. In fact, we have noted that DEK printers are not only used for SMT processes. Many of our customers in the semiconductor assembly and packaging business also use DEK printers, especially for the production of system-in-package 
" Diversified Product Portfolio " Broad Customer Base " Excellent Customer Services " Address Multiple Application Markets 
In February 2014, the Group also made a decision to invest in advanced multi-beam laser separation technology. It has done so through the purchase of, amongst other things, the intellectual property rights and know- how of Advanced Laser Separation International B.V. ( ALSI ), a Dutch technology company specializing in multi-beam laser-cutting and low-K wafer grooving. This marks the Group s entry into the laser saw business.
Multi-beam laser cutting technology has various applications, including the grooving of low-K wafers, sawing of thin wafers and silicon-based LED wafers. The Group believes that access to the said technology will accelerate its know-how in laser saw equipment, and will enable the Group to further enhance its product portfolio for advanced packaging in the near future.
With the development of advanced flip chip bonders, TCB bonders, Mold Under Fill ( MUF ) systems for flip chip and TCB packages, multi-beam laser separation systems for low-K wafers and thin wafers, and SMT solutions for system-in-package ( SIP ) and wafer level packages ( WLP ), the Group aims to build a product portfolio that has an increasing contribution from advanced packaging 
We believe we have put in place a solid long-term strategy to capture greater market share in both the Back-end semiconductor and SMT market segments and to improve their profitability. Coupled with our already-commanding position in the LED market, the future for ASMPT is 
The Group is operating in a very competitive business environment and the semiconductor and electronics industry has faced many challenges over the past few years. The strong commitment and determination of our employees and partners have ensured that we continue to be a leading supplier of equipment for both the Back-end and SMT markets. We would like to express our great appreciation for the invaluable contributions of our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for the Group s success, and are grateful for their continued support and contributions as we lay the foundations for future growth.
Arthur H. del Prado 
26 February 2014 