CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Unprecedented new height ASM s performance in 2010 is a testimonial of its success in riding through the various business cycles of the 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a turnover amounting to HK$9,515 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2010, representing an increase of 101.1% as compared with HK$4,732 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit for the year is HK$2,842 million, which is 203.8% higher than the previous year s consolidated profit of HK$935 million. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$7.20 (2009: HK$2.38).

In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and equity base, the Board of Directors has decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$2.10 (2009: HK$1.20) and a special dividend of HK$1.10 (2009: second special dividend of HK$0.40) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.60 (2009: HK$0.20 and first special dividend of HK$0.40) per share paid in August 2010, the total dividend payment for year 2010 will be HK$4.80 (2009: HK$2.20) per share.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our short- term needs and on-going positive cash flow from our operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to shareholders.
Higher level of demand for 
The robust demands for consumer electronic 
demands from emerging economies, have pushed up the demand level for 
The year 2010 will be remembered as a landmark year in ASM s history. It is destined to mark a new era of growth for the Group. Although many observers expected the semiconductor industry to achieve a solid rebound in 2010 following deep cuts in 2009, the actual growth has far outstripped most expectations. It has been a fantastic year for ASM that is characterized by many firsts. The Group has set new records in all the major areas, including bookings, billings and net profits. Revenue for the Group surpassed US$1 billion for the first time in ASM s history. In fact, equipment revenue alone has exceeded US$1 billion, and this is unprecedented in the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment industry. Meanwhile, lead frame revenue exceeded US$200 million.
Furthermore, ASM s share price breached the HK$100 level for the first time since the company s listing on The Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We estimate that an investor who invested in the company s shares at the end of 2000 and held on to the shares until the end of last year would have achieved 9.6 times in returns from share price appreciation and dividend receipts.
The excellent results were achieved because all product groups turned in higher sales compared with the previous year. Gross margin showed significant improvement due to our continual cost reduction efforts and volume effect as a result of the high sales turnover.
Towards the end of the financial year, the market betrayed weariness after many quarters of vigorous growth. Due to the strong order backlog, equipment billings in the fourth quarter were at a similar level to that of the third quarter. However, there was some weakening in our lead frame business and general contraction in our bookings in the fourth quarter.
Our billing in the fourth quarter of 2010 was US$340.1 million. It represented a decrease of 2.5% from the preceding quarter and growth of 50.3% against the same period last year. Net profit for the quarter amounted to HK$844.9 million, which is at a similar level to the preceding quarter.
During the fourth quarter, equipment revenue grew by 60.4% to US$288.7 million from the same period a year ago and declined slightly by 0.5% from the preceding quarter. Lead frame revenue showed a decline of 12.4% as compared to the third quarter to US$51.5 million, reflecting the market contraction, but increased by 11.0% against the same period last year.
Lead frame revenue represented 15.1% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter. New order bookings during the last quarter of 2010 amounted to US$179.3 million, representing a sequential decline of 52.4% against the preceding quarter.
While the fourth quarter was a relative weak quarter in terms of bookings compared to the exuberant quarters which preceded it, it is worthwhile to note that the level of bookings in the fourth quarter of 2010 was actually comparable to the booking levels in the strong quarters which prevailed prior to the financial crisis of 2008. This probably confirms our belief that there is a structural change in demand for our products, especially for our assembly and packaging equipment.
We believe that the higher level of demand may be led by new sources of consumer demand for electronic products, especially new demand that is coming from the emerging economies, and demand for popular consumer products which utilize LED devices.
In the second half of 2010, billings for the Group amounted to US$688.1 million, a sequential increase of 28.3% over the first half of the year and a growth of 60.9% over same period a year ago. New order bookings for the six-month period were US$556 million.
We are pleased that ASM has again outperformed its industry peers. As compared to 2009, Group revenue has doubled and net profits tripled. Last year, we achieved a Group turnover of US$1,224.6 million and net profit of HK$2,842 million. This represents a surge of 101.1% and 203.8% respectively over the previous year. Return on capital employed and on sales were 62.6% and 33.8% respectively.

potential for LED ASM is in a unique position to capture the opportunities offered by the LED market.

Last year, our equipment revenue was US$1,018.3 million, representing 83.2% of the Group s turnover and an increase of 117.4% over the previous year.
ASM was again the top supplier in its industry, which is a position we have maintained since 2002. We have once again widened our gap with the closest rival from US$212 million in 2009 to over US$305.2 million last year. Revenue for our lead frame business in 2010 was US$206.3 million, growing by 46.7%. This solid performance again highlights our strong market position in the lead frame business.
New order bookings for 2010 amounted to a new record of US$1,463.9 million, which is an increase of 90.4% as compared to the previous year. Our book-to- bill ratio, representing net bookings over billings, was 1.20. Our backlog as of 31 December 2010 decreased to US$450.2 million.
Our customer base continues to be well diversified.
By geographical distribution, China, Taiwan, Malaysia, South Korea and Japan were the top 5 markets for ASM in 2010. In particular, the contribution from the China market has further increased, from 33.6% in 2009 to 37.6% in 2010. Also, there was a significant growth of the business originating from Japan, largely arising from demand for equipment for producing LEDs. Generally, all geographical areas have shown strong improvement over the previous year.
In 2010, our top 5 customers accounted for only 16.2% of the Group s revenue. While demand has improved in all areas, the demand from subcontractors has generally improved to a greater extent than the demand from IDMs. On the whole, all our products performed very well during the year.
We continue to see strong momentum in the demand for our copper wire bonders and copper wire bonding conversion kits. Many of our gold wire bonders in the field have now been converted into copper wire bonders thus enhancing ASM s premier position in copper wire bonding technology.
We have the largest product portfolio to address both the semiconductor market and the LED market, which allowed ASM to take advantage of the strong growth in demand in the LED market in 2010. We have been very successful in our strategy of expanding our product line-up for LED applications. Our LED sorters, test handlers, taping machines and LED encapsulation system have all been very well received by the market.
Capacity constraints in 2010 limited our ability to launch many new products. With the easing of capacity this year, we will be stepping up our efforts to launch many new products to the market.
During the year, ASM entered the Surface Mount Technology ( SMT ) business by acquiring the Siemens Electronics Assembly Systems ( SEAS ) business from Siemens AG. The acquisition was officially completed on 7 January 2011.
We were pleased to observe that the SEAS business recovered very well from the financial crisis and managed to achieve operational profits during the second half of 2010. Its revenue in 2010 achieved a strong growth of 116.3% against 2009. Its newly- developed SX series placement machine is especially well-received by the market with strong bookings received from customers in Europe. With the acquisition of the SEAS business, our beginning backlog as of 1 January 2011 has instantly expanded by 101.1 million. China has become the largest market for the SEAS business, which coincidentally is also the largest and most successful market for ASM.
After the acquisition by ASM, the SEAS business has been renamed ASM Assembly Systems . Since SEAS is considered to be one of the top suppliers in the SMT equipment market, the SMT business contribution to ASM s top line is immediate and sizeable. The integration activities to ensure that positive synergies between the two existing businesses are realized at the earliest possible time are well on track.
Capture the growth in China New etching lines will be set up in China to capture QFN opportunities there. QFN is a popular package being used in 
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES We ended the last fiscal year in a very healthy financial position. Due to the booming demand, our aggressive working capital management through tight control of inventory and aggressive collection efforts, our cash on hand at year-end is at a historical high. Therefore, we are in a comfortable position to fund the acquisition and integration of the SMT business, as well as the capex budget in the coming year.
Cash on hand as of 31 December 2010 was HK$2,055 million (2009: HK$1,254 million). During the twelve-month period, HK$1,262 million was paid as dividends. Capital addition during the period amounted to HK$858 million, which was partially funded by the year s depreciation of HK$227 million.
Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. Due to our aggressive collection efforts and the slight reduction in sales activities in the last quarter, accounts receivable have decreased to 72.7 days sales outstanding (2009: 104.7 days).
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2010. Current ratio was 2.41, with a debt-equity ratio of 48.2%. As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past ten years. The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$5,140 million as at 31 December 2010 (2009: HK$3,410 million).
The Group has moderate currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars.
On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and China Renminbi. Our limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, the Group s exposure to the Euro has increased starting from 2011.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our short- term needs and on-going positive cash flow from our operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend.

ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high-calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies.
Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual performance.
As of 31 December 2010, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 15,200 people.
After completion of the acquisition of the SEAS business, total headcount of the Group increased by 1,200.

Consumer products will continue to lead innovation in 2011, particularly in the field of mobile technology.
Healthy demand for consumer electronics products will continue to fuel the market. Some analysts have predicted that, after the high growth rates in capital equipment spending in 2010 of more than 100% as compared to a weak 2009, spending in 2011 will likely be flat resulting in a single-digit growth for the assembly and packaging equipment industry.
Since growth is likely to moderate in the near term, we expect 2011 to be generally comparable to 2010.
Demand appears to be stabilizing based on recent data. It is possible that we have already crossed the bottom of the current cycle.

In the LED sector, there appears to be some oversupply of LED products at present, but we believe that such oversupply should be a short-term situation. It is likely that the LED market will proceed to grow again after the inventory adjustment. Besides LED Back-Lighting Units, LED general lighting will become an additional driver to propel growth. Upon the turnaround in the business cycle, we are in a prime position to add significant growth to our top and bottom lines as a result of our investment in capacity and the structural improvements to our operations.
We expect the SMT business to become an additional growth engine for ASM which will contribute materially to ASM s profitability in the future. Given the current market conditions and the successful turnaround of the SEAS business in 2010, we now expect the newly acquired SMT business to have an immediate contribution to our bottom line starting from this year, although it may be at a lower level initially.
We are currently putting in place plans to bring the profitability of the SMT business to a comparable level to ASM s norms. It appears that the SMT equipment market is somewhat similar to the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment market. After a few quarters of robust growth, demand came down during the second half of 2010. However, it seems that the SMT equipment market is also settling at a relatively high level compared to the pre-crisis period. We are confident that the acquisition will enable the Group to continue to deliver growth and returns to its shareholders that are in line with ASM s 
We will focus on launching new products to the market in 2011 in order to recapture the ground which we had to concede to the competition due to our capacity constraints experienced last year, when our resources were stretched to the limit to meet the robust market demand. The growing demand for LEDs in backlighting as well as general lighting has given us the confidence to aggressively expand our range of equipment offered for LED applications beyond our present product line-up. Going forward, we will further develop LED lead frames and packages for high- brightness LEDs. Our ultimate target is to become a total solution provider to the LED market.
Our heavy aluminum wire bonder is one of the key products that we will be launching this year. We expect that there will be a strong demand for such wire bonders in the production of power drivers and power management electronic devices due to the booming demand for electric cars and the drive for 
We had previously announced that a R&D centre has been set up in Chengdu, China, and that we are in the process of expanding its operations. The new building which is due to be completed in the third quarter of 2011 will allow ASM to significantly boost its R&D strength and resources. Moreover, the acquisition of the SEAS business has added a fourth R&D centre in Munich, Germany to the Group. We believe that with the aforesaid increase in R&D resources, ASM s long-term strategic positioning as the leader of the assembly and packaging equipment business, as well as a leading supplier of SMT equipment, would be 
Our new manufacturing plant in Huizhou, China is now fully-operational, and is progressing into its second phase of expansion. A new casting centre and a fabrication centre will be ready by the first half of 2012.
It will allow ASM to further enhance its production capacity to cater for the growth of both the assembly and packaging equipment and SMT equipment businesses, and to facilitate new investments in casting technology. We will further supplement our etched lead frame capacity by setting up new etching facilities in Fuyong, China to capture the growing 
The rapid growth of the Group, as exemplified by the acquisition of the SEAS business, has accelerated the need for changes to be made to our supply chain management structure to cater for the increasing complexity of our business. A decentralized model consisting of multiple regional centers of operations which has served us well until now needs to be streamlined in order to meet the new challenges.
Learning from the best practices of other large multinational companies, we decide to reorganize the Group s global supply chain structure by establishing a principal company for centralizing the supply chain operations. These changes are aimed at simplifying our supply chain management across the many worldwide locations where our various subsidiaries, customers and suppliers are located. Accordingly, some management functions such as strategic business planning, global procurement, marketing, corporate finance, human resource management, legal and intellectual property management would be centralized in the principal company. After exploring the relative merits of potential locations for establishing the principal company, we have decided to base the principal company in Singapore. We are very pleased to announce that in conjunction with the decision to base the principal company in Singapore, the Group s subsidiary in Singapore, ASM Technology Singapore Pte Ltd. has been awarded the International Headquarters Award by the Singapore Economic 
ASM s management team has always sought to adopt a long-term business strategy that would enable the company to seize opportunities during good times and at the same time sharpen its competitive edge to achieve sustainable and profitable growth. Our long- term business strategies include offering multiple products serving diversified application markets, a customer-centric approach focusing on customer value creation, a vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low-cost manufacturing locations, and last but not least providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and lead frames to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, we are able to further expand the scope of our total solutions to customers.

Our shareholders and investors have been thrilled by the success which we have achieved in 2010.
They have expressed their confidence in our future prospects, as reflected in the share price of the company which has surpassed the HK$100 mark for the first time since the company s listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. It has been a bountiful year for ASMPT, and it will be remembered as a landmark year in the company s history. Nevertheless, all these successes would not have been possible without the outstanding hard work and contributions from all our employees. We wish to take this opportunity to express our heartfelt gratitude to our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for the support they have provided to ensure the success of the company.
Arthur H. del Prado 
2 March 2011 