CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT 
RESULTS
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and
its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “ASM”) achieved turnover amounting
to HK$1,560,227,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2001,
representing a decrease of 60.9% as compared with
HK$3,989,130,000 for the previous year. The Group’s consolidated net
profit after tax for the year is HK$231,246,000, which is also 78.6%
less than the previous year’s net profit of HK$1,080,183,000. Basic
earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$0.61 (2000: HK$2.86).
DIVIDEND
An interim dividend of HK$0.36 (2000: HK$0.30) per share was paid
in August 2001. Having established a solid foundation in the
microelectronics market, the Group intends to further its organic
growth path in the near term. With no short term need for major cash
outlay and in view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the
Board of Directors have decided to recommend a final dividend of
HK$0.64 (2000: HK$0.85) per share payable on or around 23 April
2002, making a total payment of HK$1.00 (2000: HK$1.15) per share
for the year ended 31 December 2001. This translates into a 62.3%
dividend payout ratio for the combined 2000-2001 periods, and
represents a prudent decision to return current excessive cash
holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group
with the optimum shareholder fund.
REVIEW
In spite of the ongoing harsh business environment in the semi–
conductor industry, ASM, alone among the leading players in its
space, remained profitable in 2001 although with a reduced turnover
of US$200 million. Return on capital employed and on sales were
13.5% and 14.6% respectively. This was largely due to the solid
foundation laid over the years by the diversification of our product
and application markets, an efficient cost structure and successful
introductions of new product lines. In 2001 sales attributable to our
five largest customers combined were less than 30% of our total,
evidence of our successful “diversified market” strategy.
Still, 2001 was a difficult year for the electronics industry. Every sector
of its supply chain was deeply affected. Started by the correction of
excessive inventories amassed in year 2000, accelerated by the
slowing world economy and the events on 11 September, the
slowdown has become the fastest and steepest downturn in the history
of the semiconductor industry. Analysts estimate there was a 20%
decline in IC unit volume and around 32% drop in revenue (SIA, IC
Insights, VLSI Research and WSTS). Capital investment, especially for
IC assembly equipment, came to a screeching halt in the first quarter.
According to data published by our leading bonder competitors and
SEAJ, their assembly equipment turnover dropped by more than 70% as
compared with the previous year.
Naturally ASM was not immune to such a major industry fluctuation.
In 2001 we outperformed the assembly equipment industry leader in
revenue change and surpassed their sales during the first quarter, but
our equipment revenue which ranks 2nd in the world was still down
by 63.5% as compared with the previous year. On hand order backlog,
which stood at US$120 million at the beginning of the year, was
reduced to just over US$20 million as of 31 December 2001, due to
weak inflows and some cancellations during the year.
However, an industry slowdown represents the best window of
opportunity to broaden our customer base and expand sales to existing
customers with our new products. As happened during the 1998
slowdown, the soft period is giving ASM the chance to cultivate new
customers and gain market share. After many months of extensive field
evaluations based on our AB339 Eagle demonstration machines, we
received initial orders from four new customers during the 4th quarter,
based in Taiwan, Singapore and Indonesia. The machines’ superior
process capabilities, throughput and stability, as well as ASM’s
technical support, enabled us to capture these customers who use the
AB339 Eagle wire bonders for state-of-the-art 50-60 microns pad pitch
bonding.
Indeed, reflecting customer satisfaction and market acceptance,
our AB339 Eagle gold wire bonder received the Semiconductor
International Editors’ Choice Best Products Award in 2001 for the
second time in its successive generation. We also received plaudits
from other sources in addition to recognition by our industry and
customers: the Singapore Government acknowledged ASM’s past
achievements and long term commitment to Singapore by awarding
us the prestigious Manufacturing Headquarters (MHQ) status and its
associated incentives.
During the last year new products and new generation machines were
launched according to schedule. We have delivered a number of
machines to customers for performance evaluations, including the
high speed, innovative IC die bonders capable of handling 300 mm
and 200 mm wafers and the high precision, eutectic solder process
bonders for ‘flip chip in package’ applications. Our unique small
footprint integrated ball placement, reflow and cleaning system and
a multi-site test handler were also shipped for customer benchmarking.
Furthermore, the new generation IDEALine, based on the twin Eagle
and some advanced concepts, was sent for beta site testing. These
exciting new products are expected to start generating revenue in
2002.
While we made every effort to cut our operating costs last year —
including fixed costs like salary, fringes, rental and production
headcount — we made no compromise on our technology and product
developments or our efforts at market penetration. R&D expenses,
net of a HK$3.5 million Singapore Government research grant subsidy,
amounted to HK$166.4 million, representing 13.4% of our equipment
sales. Capital investments, which cover R&D analytical tools and
equipment, information systems and some prudent machinery
purchases to enhance production capabilities, amounted to HK$153
million (20% below our previous plan). Capital investment planned
for 2002 is HK$150 million.
With the major change in our gold wire bonder production run rate from
late year 2000 and for most of 2001, inventory turnover based on
current year sales was less than desirable. Fortunately this abrupt
schedule change coincided with our transition to the new Eagle wire
bonder planned for the 4th quarter of 2000. With no obsolescence risk,
these Eagle related raw materials and work-in-process are expected to
clear during 2002. Even though we had to prepare materials for the
pilot production of our new flip chip bonder, 300 mm IC die bonder and
our integrated ball placement, reflow and cleaning system during the
latter part of the year, our total inventory was reduced by 12% to
HK$607 million at year-end. The enterprise resource planning (ERP)
software, which has been widely implemented within ASM worldwide,
has proved a valuable tool in streamlining our logistics and
management information systems.
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT  (CONTINUED)
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
The Group’s shareholders’ funds decreased to HK$1,829,047,000 as
at 31December 2001 (2000: HK$2,093,600,000). As there were no
long term borrowing, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as the
past year.
Although HK$459.5 million was paid as dividend and HK$153 million
spent in capital investment during the twelve-month period, due to
strong positive cash flow, cash on hand at 31December 2001 was
slightly reduced to HK$478,487,000 (2000: HK$648,804,000). In fact,
the majority of capital investments were funded by the current year
depreciation of HK$151.8 million.
Except for a JPY479 million loan raised in July 2001 to hedge against
our yen-based assets’ exposure to currency fluctuation, with no other
bank borrowing, this resulted in an all bank debt to equity ratio of only
1.6%. Current ratio significantly improved to 4.39. Receivables were
tightly monitored during the year, resulting in 65 days sales
outstanding (2000: 65 days).
The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales
were denominated in US dollars. On the other hand, its disbursements
were mainly in US dollar, Hong Kong dollar, Singapore dollar and
Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were covered by some
accounts payables in yen to Japanese vendors and the hedging loan
as stated above.
HUMAN RESOURCES
The Group adopts a competitive remuneration package for its
employees. Aside from salary payments, other benefits include
contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies. In
addition, based on the Group’s financial results and individual
performance, discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted
to eligible staff. In general, salary review is conducted annually. The
Group is committed to continue its rigorous staff development and
training programs.
As at 31 December 2001, the total headcount of the Group worldwide
was approximately 5,000 people.
PROSPECTS
As reflected by several companies’ recently reported figures, rising
utilisation of wafer foundries and sales of consumables, semiconductor
assembly factories passed through their trough during the 4th quarter.
Although overshadowed by the weak world economy, SIA predicts the
semiconductor industry will rebound slightly by 6% in 2002, followed
by strong double-digit growth in the subsequent two years. Electronic
Trend Publication (ETP) has projected integrated circuits (IC) output to
rise by 10% in 2002, while packaging material revenue is expected to
increase by 11% according to SEMI.
The assembly equipment market usually lags behind customers’
activities but leads the other semiconductor equipment sectors like
wafer processing equipment by a few months. VLSI Research forecasts
it will experience a marginal gain of 1% in 2002, followed by a strong
year in 2003 with 50% growth. Most industry participants expect a
slow first half and an increased uptake in business activities starting
mid-2002.
Although we began the year with an eroded order backlog, ASM’s
management believes industry will continue to make investments
related to enhanced technology such as finer pad pitch wire bonders to
meet ever increasing die shrink requirements. In addition to
technology buys, customers also need to invest in equipment to cope
with new package types like QFN and flip chip. While the first few
months should prove challenging times, with our diversified products,
improved market position and a strong balance sheet, we believe ASM
will weather the long winter and come out of the slowdown better than
our competitors.
In addition to having our customers testing our completely rejuvenated
product portfolio, to maintain our leadership in fine pitch wire bonders
we will introduce our enhanced version of the Eagle wire bonder — the
Eagle 60 — by the end of the first quarter. Featuring 15-20%
productivity gain over current generation machine, the Eagle 60 is
expected to further ease looping control, off-line programming and
portability demands. Further development to achieve even better
output per given floor space is in our roadmap, to ensure ASM is well-
positioned for the market upturn.
Having participated in the photonics industry during the last three
years with our laser diode die and wire bonders, ASM has also made
a commitment to develop an optical fibre alignment and welding
machine capable of sub-micron accuracy. We anticipate the first
prototype to be ready by end of this year, to further our penetration and
support of this rising optical communication component industry.
Our strategy of providing packaging development support to customers
has produced dividends in the chip scale package area. Apart from
becoming the customers’ QFN leadframe supplier, this value-added
service has enabled ASM to open some doors for our other assembly
equipment. We intend to capitalize on this strategy and beef up our
packaging development team, providing further solutions to customers
in the flip chip arena.
Similarly, our factory automation solution helps to cement ASM’s
working relationship with customers. Our closely integrated new
product introductions also aid the forging of closer ties to strategic
clients. To help customers make the best use of their capital
investments, ASM has committed R&D resources to develop equipment
management software — the IDEALnet — as a management tool for
customers to track equipment performance, gain remote access to
information and diagnostic, as well as providing them with a vehicle
to improve their machine Overall Equipment Effectiveness (OEE).
With additional R&D projects like equipment management software,
flip chip packaging development and the optical fibre alignment
machine, our R&D spending is expected to rise moderately. Aside
from leading edge products, ASM can truly differentiate itself from its
competitors in its total solution approach to customers’ business
needs, a strategy that rivals cannot imitate easily.
APPRECIATION
After the meteoric rise in semiconductor industry growth in 2000, a
correction was to be expected in 2001. ASM’s strong performance in
such adverse circumstances is a tribute not only to the prescience of
our business strategies but also the resilience and dedication of our
staff, to whom the Board expresses its profound appreciation.
Things will not be plain sailing in 2002, but we look forward with
anticipation to seizing the opportunity to increase our market share as
we did during the previous slowdown, and prepare ourselves to take
advantage of the coming market recovery.
Arthur H. del Prado
Chairman
7 February 2002