CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) reported a turnover of HK$12,915 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2011, representing an improvement of 35.7% as compared with HK$9,515 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year is HK$2,932 million which is 3.2% higher than the previous year s net profit of HK$2,842 million. Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to HK$7.40 (2010: HK$7.20). The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year includes the one-time gain of HK$1,084 million realized from the purchase of the SMT Equipment 
In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and equity base, the Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.80 (2010: final dividend of HK$2.10 and special dividend of HK$1.10) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.60 (2010: HK$1.60) per share paid in August 2011, the total dividend payment for year 2011 will be HK$2.40 (2010: HK$4.80) per share.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our short- term needs and on-going positive cash flow from our operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to shareholders.

The world economy encountered many challenges in 2011. For instance, the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, the sovereign debt crises faced by the United States and Europe, and the tightening of credit by China to tame inflation created very difficult business conditions. Despite these challenges, we are pleased with the progress that we made in 2011.

Last year, we successfully integrated our newly-acquired Surface Mount Technology ( SMT ) equipment business, which is complementary to our assembly and packaging equipment business. The acquired business lifted the Group s revenue by 60.6% and contributed positively to the Group s net profit from the outset. With the contribution from the SMT equipment business, Group revenue achieved another new record of US$1.66 billion, which is 35.7% above the Group revenue in 2010. Net profit was HK$2.93 billion, inclusive of a one-time gain realized from the purchase of the SMT equipment business. Return on capital employed and on sales were 52.6% and 25.3% 
Even without the SMT equipment business, comparable revenue in 2011 from our pre-existing businesses stayed above the US$1 billion level, which was attained for the first time in 2010.
This was despite the deteriorating market conditions experienced particularly from the second half of last year. We believe that we have laid a solid foundation that will enable ASM to continue to ascend to greater 
Last year, our assembly and packaging equipment revenue was US$838.6 million, representing 50.5% of the Group s turnover. It has well surpassed the historical peak achieved before the global financial crisis in 2008, although it declined by 17.5% from the previous year. ASM was again the top supplier in its industry, which is a position we have maintained since 2002. Revenue for our lead frame business in 2011 was US$194.5 million, a contraction of 5.6% compared to 2010. It contributed to 11.7% of the Group revenue. Once again, revenue for our lead frame business last year was well above the 
Our SMT equipment business made very good progress in 2011. It achieved revenue of US$626.3 million, representing a growth of 18.2% over 2010, before its acquisition by the Group. We believe that we have made solid market share gains last year. The SMT equipment business contributed to 37.8% of the Group revenue.
Indeed, the first half of 2011 was a great six-month period for ASM.
Group revenue for the first six months exceeded US$900 million. In fact, we achieved record revenue of more than US$500 million during the second quarter of 2011, with many products achieving historical-high revenues.
Nevertheless, due to significantly worsening market conditions, we experienced a sharp contraction in revenue during the second half of last 
In the second half of 2011, billings for the Group amounted to US$715.0 million, a decrease of 24.3% from the first half of the year and a growth of 4.1% over same period a year ago.
Demand for smart phones and tablet computers will continue to drive the semiconductor market.

During the second half of last year, our assembly and packaging equipment revenue was US$307.1 million, representing contraction of 42.2% against the first half of 2011.
Assembly and packaging equipment revenue contributed to 43.0% of the Group s turnover. Revenue for our lead frame business was US$91.1 million, a contraction of 11.7% as compared to the preceding six months.
It contributed to 12.7% of the Group revenue. Our SMT equipment revenue managed to achieve a small growth of 2.4% over the first half of 2011 with revenue at US$316.7 million, representing a contribution of 44.3% to the Group s turnover.
New order bookings for the six- month period were US$565.9 million, a contraction of 30.4% over the preceding six months. Excluding our SMT equipment business, comparable bookings from our pre- existing businesses during the period contracted more due to the adverse market conditions in the second half of 
Our billings in the fourth quarter of 2011 were US$323.6 million.
It represented decreases of 17.4% from the preceding quarter and 4.7% against the same period last year.
We noticed that the market for assembly equipment and lead frames started stabilizing in the fourth quarter of 2011. The quarter-on-quarter decline of new order bookings for these products narrowed substantially and was relatively small. However, the market softening had by then spilled over to the SMT equipment market, particularly in China. Comparatively, the SMT equipment market dropped much less in Europe and the Americas where ASM enjoys a stronger market position over its competitors.
During the fourth quarter, assembly and packaging equipment revenue fell by 51.0% from the same period a year ago to US$141.2 million and decreased by 15.0% from the preceding quarter.
Lead frame revenue showed a decline of 21.2% as compared to the third quarter to US$40.2 million and decreased by 21.8% against the same period last year. Lead frame revenue represented 12.4% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter. After its strong growth momentum during the past few quarters, SMT equipment revenue receded by 18.7% from the third quarter. SMT equipment revenue represented 43.9% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter. New order bookings during the last quarter of 2011 amounted to US$240.5 million, representing a sequential decline of 26.1% against the preceding 
New order bookings for 2011 amounted to US$1.38 billion. Due to the lower order intake, our backlog as of 31 December 2011 declined significantly to US$291.8 million.
Our customer base continues to be well diversified. By geographical distribution, China (44.8%), Europe (19.5%), Malaysia (7.1%), Taiwan (6.1%) and the Americas (4.9%) are the top five markets for ASM in 2011.
In particular, the addition of the SMT equipment business has significantly enhanced ASM s market presence in Europe and the Americas. Moreover, the contribution from the China market has further increased.
The addition of the SMT equipment business has further contributed to ASMPT s strength in building its business on a diversified customer base. In 2011, our top 5 customers contributed to 12.4% of ASM s total revenue. 80% of the Group revenue in 2011 came from our top 332 customers. Out of our top 20 customers, 6 were from the SMT 
LED market continues to offer excellent long term growth potential, especially LED lighting, which will be an important growth driver.

After aggressive capacity expansion in 2009 and 2010, and amid the current gloomy market conditions, subcontractor customers appear to have cut back on their capital expenditure ( capex ) spending last 
The contraction of assembly and packaging equipment revenue as compared to 2010 was mainly due to lower demand for capacity-related equipment such as die bonders and wire bonders. Our Back-End Products ( BEP ) business (which is more package-related) and CMOS Image Sensor ( CIS ) business (which is closely linked to demand for smart phones and tablet computers) continued to achieve moderate growth 
The slowdown of the LED market, mainly caused by lackluster demand for LED back-lit televisions, lasted longer than expected. On the other hand, the integrated circuits and discrete market actually showed moderate growth in the first half of last 
Our lead frame business contracted moderately by 5.6% as compared to 2010. It is still 38.5% above the revenue level experienced in 2009, reflecting that the fundamental demand for electronic products is still solid.
High metal prices had led to a loss for our lead frame business. We have taken necessary action to tackle the problem structurally by proposing to our customers to adopt a floating price formula which links the lead frame selling price to the prices of copper and other precious metals such as gold, silver and palladium on the London Metal Exchange. At the same time, we continue to drive internal cost reduction and productivity 
The market slowdown produced an overall negative impact on our gross margin. Gross margins for assembly and packaging equipment were negatively affected by both product mix and lower volume. Although contributing positively to our net profit, profitability of our SMT equipment business has still yet to match the profitability of our assembly and packaging equipment business.
ASM has the largest product portfolio to address the various markets that the Group operates in. Last year, with the easing of capacity constraints which were experienced in the preceding year, we have launched many new products to the market.
Our copper wire bonding solution, the GoCu TM wire bonder, is well accepted by customers. It has aroused the interest of many customers, including potential new customers for ASM.
Our heavy aluminum wire bonder for power electronic packages is making solid in-roads to the market.
Our 12-inch die bonder, the LINDA TM , is recognized by our customers as the most accurate die bonder for stack die applications. This is an essential packaging solution for producing flash memory storage devices.
Our encapsulation solutions group has been able to clinch more orders to develop new advanced packaging solutions for our customers. It is now the preferred encapsulation solution choice for many customers for their new package developments, especially for very high density packages.
Further, our lead frame business is leading the market in very high density lead frames. Leveraging on the expertise of both assembly and packaging equipment and lead frames, ASM is offering to its customers total solutions for their very high density packaging needs. Additionally, we have started shipping LED lead frames to our customers.
ASM entered the Solar energy market with the Solar Wafer Inspection System in 2011; the Solar energy market has superb potential.

Our DX series SMT placement machine, which is based on our very successful SX series placement machines, was also launched. While the SX series is an ideal solution for most customers in Europe, America and some sophisticated customers in Asia, the DX series is designed primarily for the mainstream Asian 
Our FT2018 test handler is gaining good market acceptance. We have also shipped our first equipment for the solar market.
The Sale and Purchase Agreement for acquiring the SMT equipment business was formally executed on 7 January 
Despite cultural differences arising from the European and Asian origins of the respective businesses, integration has been progressing well. We are very glad that employees from both Europe and Asia have been able to work well and successfully together. Synergies which were identified by us before have been confirmed, and we are well on course to accomplish our target of achieving the planned synergies.
We have started to see cross-utilization of technologies between our assembly and packaging equipment and SMT equipment groups. In fact, a new generation bonder which will be sent to our customer in early 2012 is inspired by technologies and solutions adopted by the SMT equipment 
In the other direction, more and more components and modules in our SMT equipment are being designed and manufactured by the ASM team in Asia.
This helps both to bring down the cost of our SMT equipment and also to further enhance the performance capabilities of our SMT equipment.
More joint development projects are on the way. Our respective teams of engineers have been working on the design of a new-generation SMT placement machine that is dedicated for the low-volume and high-mix market. Work on the development of adjacent products for the SMT equipment market is also in progress.

We ended the last fiscal year in a healthy financial position, despite funding the acquisition and integration of the SMT equipment business, as well as the capex spending to expand our production and research and 
Cash on hand as of 31 December 2011 was HK$1,628 million (2010: HK$2,055 million). During the twelve- month period, HK$1,901.4 million was paid as dividends and 35.9 million was paid to Siemens AG as purchase consideration for the acquisition of the SMT equipment business. Furthermore, 20 million was injected into the SMT equipment business as share capital to support the business, as was previously committed in the Sale and Purchase Agreement. Capital addition during the period amounted to HK$807.7 million, which was partially funded by the year s depreciation of HK$340.3 million. Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year.
With our aggressive collection efforts and the general reduction in sales activities in the last quarter, accounts receivable have come down to 59.3 days sales outstanding (2010: 72.7 
Current ratio was 2.3, with a debt- equity ratio of 53.4%. As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, which has been the case for more than ten years.
The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$6,266 million as at 31 December 2011 (2010: HK$5,140 
The Group has moderate currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and China Renminbi. Our limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, the Group s exposure to the Euro has increased starting from 2011.
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. Under the Sale and Purchase Agreement for the acquisition of the SMT Equipment business from Siemens AG, ASM had committed that it will not transfer assets, which include but are not limited to cash, from the German operations of the SMT Equipment business for a period of 3 years from the acquisition. After considering our short-term needs, on- going positive cash flow from our operations and the above commitment, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend, although the payout ratio is lower than in recent years. Excluding the earnings from the SMT equipment business and the one-time gain realized from the purchase of the SMT equipment business, the dividend payout ratio for 2011 is 62.9%. With its promising growth potential in both revenue and earnings we believe our investment in the SMT equipment business will be able to deliver high returns in the 
ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high- calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual 
As of 31 December 2011, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 14,600 people. This figure includes the contribution from the acquisition of the SMT equipment business to the total headcount of the 
It is generally expected that demand for consumer electronics products, in particular the demand for smart phones, tablet computers and automotive electronics, will continue to drive the semiconductor market in the near future. Healthy demand for consumer electronics products will thus help to fuel the market. The semiconductor equipment market is now highly cyclical. The industry has experienced high growth rates in capital equipment spending in 2010, which started to moderate significantly in 2011. From the high base, some analysts have forecasted that semiconductor equipment spending will decline somewhat in 2012 before resuming its growth in 2013.
Although the market may encounter turbulence in the coming months arising from potentially volatile global economic conditions, we do not expect the market for assembly and packaging equipment and lead frames to deteriorate further. In general, customers are expecting the market situation to improve although there is still uncertainty due to the possibility of impending macroeconomic problems.
In fact, after the recent Chinese New Year, we have observed some pick-up in the market.
In the LED sector, the LED market has already been relatively slow for six consecutive quarters due to a prolonged oversupply of LED products.
However, there are encouraging signs indicating that the LED market is now stabilizing. We believe that we are not far from a recovery of the LED market, which will likely continue to grow again especially in the areas of LED general lighting. In fact, we recognize LED lighting to be an important future driver of growth.
The outlook for 2012 has improved with the US economy improving and China relaxing its credit tightening. Of course, the Euro zone sovereign debt crisis continues to be a big variable and is a concern to the world economy 
Semiconductor packaging is becoming more sophisticated and demanding.
Although wire bonding will continue to be the mainstream interconnection solution, there is need for new technologies for more advanced wafer technologies and 3D packaging.
We have been working on the development of Thermal Compression Bonding ( TCB ). The first TCB bonder is expected to be delivered to one of our customers early this year. The TCB bonder will enable customers to achieve very fine pitch flip chip bonding as well as chip to substrate, chip to chip and chip to wafer bonding for 3D Through Silicon Via ( TSV ) 
Substantial efforts are being expended to improve the profitability of the SMT equipment business to seek to bring the profitability of the SMT equipment business to a comparable level to ASM s norms. We are confident that it will become an additional growth engine for ASM, and that it will increasingly contribute to ASM s profitability in the future. We are confident that the SMT equipment business will enable the Group to continue to deliver growth and returns to its shareholders that are in line with ASM s historical performance.
Our new R&D centre in Chengdu, China was completed in the fourth quarter of 2011. Our SMT equipment business has already started to make use of the new resources in Chengdu.
The additional R&D centre allows ASM to significantly expand its R&D resources. Together with our fourth R&D center in Munich, Germany we now employ more than a thousand high quality R&D engineers. ASM s long term strategic position as the leader of the assembly and packaging equipment business, as well as the SMT equipment market, is now 
Our new manufacturing plant in Huizhou, China has been successfully in operation for more than a year.
The second phase of expansion is in progress and is expected to be completed by the first half of 2012.
It will allow ASM to further expand its production capacity to cater for the growth of both assembly and packaging equipment and SMT equipment, and to allow us to make new investments in casting 
Further, we are in the process of setting up etched lead frame facilities in our manufacturing plant in Fuyong, China to capture the growing China market for lead frames. It is expected to be operational by the second quarter this 
ASM s management team has always sought to adopt long-term business strategies. Our long-term business strategies include offering multiple products serving diversified application markets, a customer- centric approach focusing on customer value creation, a vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low- cost manufacturing locations, and providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and lead frames to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements. Leveraging on our in-house enabling technologies, we are focused on injecting higher performance and lower cost of manufacturing into our products, and to expand the scope of our total solutions to customers in all the various business segments that we operate in. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, ASM is now in a premier position to serve the entire food chain of the manufacturing of electronic products. While the path ahead could be bumpy due to unpredictable macro-economic conditions, we are confident that ASM is poised to continue its journey to forge a new era of growth.

The Group is operating in a very competitive business environment and the semiconductor industry is facing many challenges. The management recognizes and is grateful for the efforts of all our staff, including colleagues from the SMT business unit who have recently joined the ASM family, which helped us to achieve such laudable results last year. We wish to take this opportunity to place on record our appreciation to our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their continued support and contributions to the success of the 
Arthur H. del Prado 
6 March 2012 