CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASMPT ) reported a revenue of HK$12.98 billion (US$1.67 billion) in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2015, which was 8.8% lower than the revenue of HK$14.23 billion (US$1.83 billion) in the previous year.
The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year is HK$952.9 million which is a decrease of 40.4% from the previous year s net profit of HK$1.60 billion. Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to HK$2.38 (2014: HK$3.99).

We continue to believe in returning excess cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering the Group s short term needs and our cash on hand, the Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.40 (2014: final dividend of HK$1.30) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$1.00 (2014: HK$0.80) per share paid in August 2015, the total dividend payment for year 2015 will be HK$1.40 (2014: HK$2.10) per share.

The Group had a mixed year in 2015.
Billings for first half of the year started strongly compared to 2014. However, the momentum started to fade during the second quarter, followed by a sharp contraction in the market in the third quarter of last year.

conditions such as a slowdown in China s growth, a weak stock market and a much slower pace of growth in smartphones seem to have dented business confidence and discouraged 
However, we did notice that confidence seemed to have been restored to a certain extent towards the end of the year. As a result, the 2015 billings for the Group only contracted by 8.8%, which was better than the low double-digit percentage contraction that we had expected at the commencement of the fourth quarter of last year. Moreover, we experienced year-on-year bookings growth for all three business segments in the fourth quarter of last year, with both the Materials Business Segment and the SMT Solutions Segment registering quarterly bookings growth.
Last year, Group billings amounted to US$1.67 billion. All three segments of our business experienced some revenue contraction as compared to the year earlier. Nevertheless, despite challenging market conditions, the Group has continued to make progress in all of its 
The Group s SMT Solutions Segment has become the largest supplier of SMT equipment by revenue with a market share nearing the mid-20% level. The gross margin of the SMT Solutions Business has improved significantly to 39.6%.
Our Back-end Equipment Segment continued to retain the number one position in the global market, a status which we have maintained almost uninterrupted since 2002. The revenue gap with our closest rival has been further widened to a new record high. Despite tough market conditions, some of our Back-end Equipment products achieved annual revenue growths over the previous year. We believe that we have overtaken our peers in the past year to become the top flip-chip bonder supplier in the world on the basis of the number of bonders shipped. Last year, we also successfully reduced the volatility of our gross margin in this business segment.

Our Materials Business is the fourth largest global lead frames supplier. It continued to improve its profitability.
Despite lower revenue, the gross margin of our Materials Business Segment improved over the previous year. The Group also extended its product offerings in the Materials Business Segment to include molded interconnect substrates ( MIS ).
Net profits for the Group amounted to HK$952.9 million in 2015, representing a reduction of 40.4% from the preceding year. Despite lower revenue, the gross margin of the Group improved by 0.8% (85bps) to 36.3%. Gross margins of our Materials Business and SMT Solutions Segments were also better than in the preceding 
Group revenue for the second half of last year amounted to US$794.7 million, which was a decrease of 25.8% and 9.7% against the second half of 2014 and the preceding six months, respectively. Group revenue for the fourth quarter of last year amounted to US$377.9 million, contracting by 15.0% and 9.4% as compared to the same period of 2014 and the preceding 
Annual amortisation of HK$47.2 million relating to the fair value increment of assets acquired by the SMT Printing Division was charged in 2015. Such amortisation will decrease gradually in future years.
Geographically, the top five markets for ASMPT in 2015 were China (including Hong Kong) (48.2%), Europe (17.3%), the Americas (7.2%), Malaysia (6.8%) and Japan (4.3%). The Taiwan market experienced the biggest contraction in 2015, followed by Malaysia and the Americas. There were moderate declines in the Chinese and South- East Asian (other than Malaysian) markets. On the other hand, our business in Japan experienced very strong growth because of the demand for LED and CIS equipment. We also achieved moderate revenue growth in the European market due to sustained demand for SMT equipment.
Our business is reaping the benefits of a diversified customer base. In 2015, no customer accounted for more than 10% of the Group s revenue. The top 5 customers collectively accounted for 17.9% of the Group s sales revenue.
80% of the Group s revenue came from 182 customers.
Out of the top 20 customers, 6 were from the SMT Solutions Segment and 2 were key customers for both the Back- end Equipment and SMT Solutions Segments. The top 20 customers of the Group were customers from different market segments, such as the world s leading integrated device manufacturers ( IDMs ), tier-1 outsourced assembly and test ( OSAT ) companies, major OSATs in China, key light-emitting diode ( LED ) players, top electronics manufacturing services ( EMS ) providers and automotive 
New order bookings for last year amounted to US$1.72 billion, representing a contraction of 10.0% as compared to 2014, which was a year when the Group set a new bookings record. New order bookings for all three of our business segments contracted from that of the previous year. The book-to-bill ratio was 1.03.
New order bookings for the second half of last year were US$761.4 million, representing declines of 13.0% and 20.6% as compared to the same period in 2014 and the first half of last year, respectively.

New order bookings for the fourth quarter of last year was US$380.6 million, representing a growth of 11.1% as compared to the same period in 2014 but a decline of 0.1% from the preceding quarter. The backlog as of the end of last year was US$389.0 
The Group s proven strategies of focusing on multiple application markets, investing in advanced technologies and collaborating with leading customers have been advantageous to the development of the Group over the past few years.
Up until a few years ago, ASMPT had built its successes on organic growth. However, over the past five years, the Group has pursued strategic acquisitions which have made it stronger and more resilient.
The acquisitions will enable ASMPT to take advantage of the trends of consolidation and technology transition to accelerate growth.
The Group continued to intensify its efforts to bring the size of its manufacturing operations to a more optimal level to address the volatility of business cycles. During the second half of last year, the Group launched a Voluntary Separation Incentive Programme in its China manufacturing operations, which led to a reduction of 502 employees in total. Together with natural attrition, we have successfully brought the headcount of our China manufacturing operations to a level similar to that at the end of 2009. After an operational review of the Group s manufacturing footprint for the SMT Solutions Segment, a manufacturing plant in Shenzhen, China which was used for manufacturing SMT Printing products was closed in December 2015. Its operations have been consolidated with the Group s existing operations at its facilities in Malaysia and Singapore. In total, around HK$49.8 million in severance- related costs had been factored into the Group s financial results for the second half of last year. The annual cost saving is anticipated to be around 
Back-end Equipment Business 
The revenue from our Back-end Equipment Segment declined by 13.7% last year to US$757.3 million. It contributed 45.2% to the Group s total 
Our Back-end Equipment Segment retained the number one position in the global market, a position that we have first held in 2002. The revenue gap with our closest rival has further widened to a new record. In fact, over the past fourteen years, the Group only briefly relinquished the number one position in 2012.
While 2015 was overall a year of contraction for the industry, the Group still achieved year-on-year growths in some product areas.
Our flip-chip bonder is one of the products that achieved revenue growth last year. The Group made good progress with its flip-chip bonder business. Its AD8312FC flip-chip bonder for high-speed low-IO (input output) applications was a big success.
We believe that we have achieved a dominant market share of well above 50% of the flip chip bonders supplied to this market last year. In fact, it is very likely that we have overtaken our peers and emerged as the top flip- chip bonder supplier by quantity in the 
Back-end Equipment Business 
B e s i d e s h i g h - s p e e d l o w - I O applications, the Group continues to enhance its product offerings to the flip-chip market. We are extending our thermo-compression bonding ( TCB ) solutions to the through silicon via ( TSV ) memory stack market. With our proven TCB technology, we have successfully produced bonded samples that have drawn significant interest from our customers. Other than our proven technology, customers are also impressed that, among all the TCB bonder suppliers, the Group has the highest number of installations of TCB 
Recognising the growing interest and momentum in wafer level fan- out ( WLFO ) packaging, the Group has lined up a comprehensive product portfolio to address this new application, including laser grooving ( ALSI ), printing ( DEK ), placement (the CA from the SMT Placement Division and the NUCLEUS from the Back-end Equipment Segment), wafer- level molding (the ORCAS ), package singulation ( ALSI ) and test, inspection and pack ( SUNBIRD ) machines. No other equipment supplier in the world has a similarly extensive advanced packaging product portfolio.
CMOS Image Sensor ( CIS ) equipment is another product that achieved revenue growth last year. Besides traditional assembly equipment, the Group s active alignment ( AA ) machine gained strong recognition from many interested customers.
We expect that CIS equipment will continue to be one of our growth drivers going forward. While the growth rate for smartphones may slow down, new-generation phones will come with more advanced cameras that require new equipment to produce. We also expect more cameras to be deployed in automobiles. Dual cameras and 3D-sensing devices will further fuel demand for CIS equipment.
Test handlers also experienced revenue growth last year. In particular, our test handlers for small packages gained a high market share. With the rising demand for electronic devices with thinner and smaller form factors and the proliferation of system-in- package ( SiP ) devices, we expect that production volumes for small packages will continue to grow faster than the overall semiconductor market.
Our strategy of deploying enabling technologies that are commonly available to front-of-line ( FOL ) equipment (such as bonders) into test handlers is yielding good returns for us.
We also achieved revenue growth last year for the laser groovingdicing equipment business, which we established in early 2014, although the base is still small at the moment.
Through various field tests and evaluations, customers have clearly recognised the superior technologies that we possess and the value that we can offer. Besides presenting much faster throughput, our laser dicing systems offer better quality and higher capability.
They are particularly beneficial for thin wafers and package singulation for both fan-in and fan-out wafer level packages. The synergistic benefits of superior technology from the team in the Netherlands and our strong market network and infrastructure support in Asia have proven to be strong success factors. We are confident that we will continue to experience further annual revenue growth this year in this business.

Back-end Equipment Business 
The LED market was more active last year as compared to the IC and discrete market, particularly during the second half of the year. Besides LED general lighting, big LED display panels is another growth driver. With consolidation in the market, capacity expansion is increasingly the domain of large LED players in the market. This is beneficial to the Group as it is more established with large customers. Last year, we gained further market share for the supply of LED equipment.
In the LED business, the Group continues to form partnerships with customers to develop new processes and packages. The Group is pleased to note that one of its key customers successfully launched its CSLED (chip-scale LED) devices to the market last year. With its comprehensive product range, breadth of process knowledge and strong customer relationship, the Group is currently enjoying a healthy market share in the CSLED business although the market size is presently still very much smaller than that for traditional 
IDM customers for the ICdiscrete market contributed to a significant proportion of the reduction in our Back- end Equipment revenue in 2015, as compared to 2014.
During the second half of last year, Back-end Equipment revenue amounted to US$341.0 million, contracting 28.3% and 18.1% against the second half of 2014 and the preceding six months, respectively. Back-end Equipment revenue for the fourth quarter of last year fell by 21.7% year-on-year and 18.4% quarter-on-quarter to US$153.2 million, 
New order bookings for Back-end Equipment last year decreased by 14.7% as compared to 2014. New order bookings for the second half of last year contracted by 15.8% and 26.9% as compared to the same period in 2014 and the first half of last year, respectively.
New order bookings for the fourth quarter of last year grew 17.3% as compared to the same period in 2014, although it contracted 5.5% from the preceding quarter. The rebound in bookings during the fourth quarter exceeded the Group s initial expectations. The rebound partially resulted from stronger demand for LED equipment, but it also reflected some restoration of investment confidence towards the end of last year.
Despite lower revenue as compared to the year before, the gross margin of this segment was fairly stable at 39.4% (2014: 41.9%). In fact, we were able to reduce the quarter-to-quarter volatility in the gross margin of this business segment.
Our strategy of building a more flexible workforce and to increase the ratio of external manufacturing has contributed positively to the improvement.
With our unceasing efforts at diversifying our product portfolio over the past few years, we have successfully reduced our dependence on demand for traditional die and wire bonders.
Last year, the business generated from traditional die and wire bonders for the assembly of semiconductor and LED devices contributed to around 50% of the Back-end Equipment Segment revenue. The rest was mainly contributed by packaging-related equipment, test handlers, flip-chip bonders, TCB bonders, clip bonders for power management applications, CIS assembly equipment, wafer level packaging equipment and laser separation systems.

Back-end Equipment Business 
We believe that we have put in place the right product and technology portfolio and that ASMPT is in a unique position to take advantage of the continuous technology transition to advanced packages. The strengths of ASMPT will make it a natural partner for its customers in their pursuit of successful transitions to advanced 
Materials Business Segment Last year, revenue from our Materials Business Segment was US$221.2 million, which was a decrease of 9.8% from the year before. Both our stamped and etched lead frames experienced revenue contractions from the previous year, although it is worth noting that this business segment had attained multiple records during the previous year. The Materials Business Segment contributed 13.2% to the Group s total 
During the second half of last year, revenue from our Materials Business Segment amounted to US$106.5 million, representing declines of 13.4% and 7.2% against the second half of 2014 and the preceding six months, respectively. Revenue of our Materials Business Segment for the fourth quarter of last year fell by 9.5% year-on-year and 2.6% from the preceding quarter, 
New order bookings for the Materials Business Segment contracted by 7.9% last year as compared to 2014. The level of new order bookings for the second half of last year was practically flat. New order bookings for the second six months contracted by 0.9% as compared to the same period in 2014 but increased 1.7% from the first half of last year.
We observed that new order bookings for the Materials Business Segment rebounded during the fourth quarter of 2015. It achieved slight improvements of 3.3% and 1.5% as compared to the same period in 2014 and the preceding 
With our continuing cost reduction efforts, the profitability of our Materials Business Segment improved further last year. Gross margin of the segment increased by 1.0% (102 bps) as compared to the year before, despite lower revenue. The gross margin in the fourth quarter of last year also demonstrated a year-on-year improvement of 1.6% (157 bps).
While we continue to outperform the broader lead frame market, we do recognise the potential impact on our lead frame business as and when the market transitions to advanced 
Therefore, we made a strategic decision last year to enter into the advanced packaging materials business by setting up a joint venture company with a tier-1 OSAT to develop and produce MIS products. We believe that the move will enhance the Group s position in advanced packaging technology in the long term. Together with the Group s product portfolio for equipment, the Group is capable of offering total solutions to customers in a range of applications utilising advanced packaging technology.

Materials Business Segment 
The Group s entry into this business has been well-received by customers.
After progressing beyond the start-up phase, we expect the MIS business to contribute positively to further improvements in this business segment s gross margin, profitability and revenue growth. However, due to the start-up costs incurred, we anticipate that there would be some negative impact to the profitability of the Materials Business Segment for the next few quarters.
SMT Solutions Business Segment Last year, revenue for our SMT Solutions Segment fell slightly by 2.4% to US$695.5 million, but it still managed to become the top supplier for SMT equipment in the world. We believe that our market share is now getting close to the mid-20% range.
T h e S M T S o l u t i o n s S e g m e n t contributed to 41.6% of the Group s revenue and 51.4% of the Group s profits before tax ( PBT ). During the second half of last year, the segment contributed 43.7% of the Group s revenue and 71.5% of the Group s PBT. The SMT Solutions Segment achieved a gross margin of 39.6% and segment result of 13.9% last year.
Whilst the depreciation of the Japanese yen continues to exert tremendous pressure on average selling prices ( ASP ), we were able to at least partially offset the negative effect on our profitability with our superior technology, outstanding machine performance, savings from in-sourcing and the depreciation of the Euro against the U.S. dollar.
During the second half of last year, revenue from our SMT Solutions Segment amounted to US$347.2 million, representing contractions of 26.5% and 0.3% as compared to the same period of 2014 and the preceding six months, respectively. During the fourth quarter of last year, revenue of our SMT Solutions Segment amounted to US$172.1 million, representing declines of 9.9% and 1.8% as compared to the same period of 2014, and the preceding quarter, respectively.
Gross margin for this segment improved to 43.6% in the fourth quarter of last year, which was a significant increase based upon both quarter-on-quarter and year-on- year comparisons. The improvement was mainly due to a higher revenue contribution from the European market as well as the release of product warranty provisions at the closing of the accounting period because of the segment s continuous improvements in product quality and reliability.
Bookings for our SMT Solutions Segment decreased by 4.7% for the whole of last year, whilst bookings for the second half of last year decreased by 13.8% relative to the previous year.
New orders received during the fourth quarter grew by 8.3% and 5.4% year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter respectively. The improvement in bookings occurred earlier than we 
Our SMT Solutions Segment has performed very well since its acquisition by the Group five years ago. Not only did we advance to be the top global supplier, we also managed to increase our market share from about 11-12% in 2010 to the mid-20% range last year. Gross margin also improved from around the 30% level to around the 40% level last year.

SMT Solutions Business Segment 
Synergies that we have envisaged have been successfully realised. In fact, the integration has progressed more smoothly than we have anticipated.
The technical competence of our Enabling Technology Group in Asia is proving to be complementary to our SMT Solutions Segment in various beneficial aspects. It not only allows the Group to achieve significant cost reduction through in-sourcing, it also helps to further boost the performance of our SMT Solutions products.
Over the past few years, the pace of innovation of our SMT Solutions Segment has continued to accelerate.
Our responsiveness to customers and market needs has improved significantly.
This contributes directly to our market share gain as well as improves our profitability. Moreover, it expands our serviceable available market ( SAM ).
The favourable exchange rate has also helped the SMT Solutions Segment to achieve its profitability goals.
Moving forward, this business segment aims to further improve its manufacturing footprint by getting closer to the market, lowering its logistics costs and carbon emission, and achieving a more balanced exposure to exchange-rate risks. This year, we will execute projects to increase the manufacturing of SMT Solutions products from our factory in 
Other than serving the traditional electronic printed circuit board ( PCB ) assembly market, our SMT Solutions Segment is aggressively pushing into the semiconductor market. The Group has made notable breakthroughs into applications like SiP devices, embedded PCB and wafer-level fan- out applications in the past two years.

We believe that the current industry cycle will extend into 2016. In fact, most analysts expect 2016 to be a year of mild contraction for the semiconductor packaging and assembly equipment industry.
From the Group s perspective, we are encouraged by the rebound in bookings in the fourth quarter of last year relative to the previous year for all three of our business segments. This probably confirms a general consensus in the industry that the current industry cycle should be a shallow and short one.
However, we are mindful that the global semiconductor and electronics industries will unavoidably be affected by macroeconomic conditions, which would impact both global demand and investment confidence. We believe that the industry has to adjust to the reality of a much slower rate of growth for smartphone shipments. We also believe that as more electronic components make their way into automobiles, the growth rate should start to moderately improve.
Given such an industrial environment, our diversified customer base and application markets should serve to distinguish ASMPT from its peers and to bolster its competitiveness.
Furthermore, the broad portfolio of new products that we have developed to address new growth areas such as TCB bonders, high-speed low-IO flip chip bonders, AA machines for CIS applications, test handlers for small devices, a comprehensive spread of product solutions for WLFO, laser grooving and dicing systems, MIS and CSLED in the semiconductor packaging arena as well as line solutions for the SMT equipment market will further enhance ASMPT s ability to outperform 
Overall, we believe that we will again demonstrate our resilience in 2016, which is expected to be a year of mild contraction for the market. Based on the current market momentum, we expect Back-end Equipment billings in the first quarter of this year to achieve double digit percentage growth over the preceding quarter while the overall Group billings will match or perform slightly better than the billings achieved in the preceding quarter.
Bookings will likely show a quarterly 
The Group is operating in a very competitive business environment amid challenging global macroeconomic conditions. The strong commitment and support from our management, employees and partners have been essential in driving the Group forward.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all our employees, customers, partners, suppliers and all other stakeholders for their continuous belief in, and support to, the Group.
When we started ASMPT 40 years ago, we had a very ambitious long- term plan that is to build the Group into a technology leader and low- cost manufacturer. We carried out our strategy systemically, starting from scratch, from a zero base, and we knew that by every step of the way, we would have to create what we needed, even the infrastructure and resources. Not everyone, regardless of how much experience he or she has, is up to that kind of challenge.
But we have a vision. ASMPT has achieved remarkable growth against the backdrop of several high-tech challenges in Asia. Today, ASMPT is a leader in the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment industry as well as the SMT equipment industry with operations in China, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, Germany, the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.
The challenge for ASMPT is not only to develop new technologies that allow it to continue to be able to follow Moore s law, which has been observed since 1965, but also to turn these inventions into mainstream technologies that could be used to produce high volumes of products.
ASMPT has successfully achieved this.
This achievement would not be been possible without the clear vision and attention of the leadership and the diligence of our staff. Our people are all enthusiastic and work with great dedication. I want to thank them for putting forward their best at work every day, undeterred by the relentless pace of competition and industry shifts. I also want to thank my fellow Board members for their contributions 
The time has come for me to resign as chairman of ASMPT. I have enjoyed my years with the Group immensely.
I have had great satisfaction in taking on the challenges given to me and sharing the joys of achievement with my colleagues. I have learnt many things, made many friends and have many memories that will stay with me forever. I am thankful for the opportunities given to ASMPT. The growing trend towards miniaturisation and high performance chips will provide ASMPT with future growth 
I wish ASMPT all the best in its endeavours and look forward to its next phase of growth.
Arthur H. del Prado 
23 February 2016 