CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
RESULTS
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the
“Group” or “ASMPT”) reported a revenue of HK$14.25
billion (US$1.84 billion) in the fiscal year ended 31
December 2016, which was 9.8% higher than the revenue
of HK$12.98 billion (US$1.67 billion) in the previous year.
The Group’s consolidated profit after taxation for the
year is HK$1.44 billion which is an increase of 50.9%
from the previous year’s net profit of HK$952.9 million.
Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to
HK$3.61 (2015: HK$2.38).
DIVIDEND
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our
shareholders as dividends. After considering the Group’s
short term needs and our cash on hand, the Board of
Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders
the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.10 (2015: final
dividend of HK$0.40) per share. Together with the interim
dividend of HK$0.80 (2015: HK$1.00) per share paid in
August 2016, the total dividend payment for year 2016 will
be HK$1.90 (2015: HK$1.40) per share.
A STELLAR PERFORMANCE FOR 2016
REVIEW
The Group has performed well in 2016. Despite
the continued uncertainty and volatility in the global
economies, Group revenue grew 9.8% year-on-year to
US$1.84 billion, setting a new record in annual revenue.
By business segments, both Back-end Equipment and
Materials Segments achieved year-on-year revenue
growth while SMT Solutions Segment suffered a small
year-on-year revenue contraction.
The strong performance achieved by the Group was
attributed primarily to the strong demand for CMOS
Imaging Sensor (CIS) and LED equipment. Significant
demand for CIS is driven mainly by the mobile phone
suppliers who are now very focused in providing new-
generation smartphones to the market that come
equipped with better features and capabilities. Likewise,
the LED general lighting and display panels are also
generating a substantial impact on the LED market, thus
making it as one of the leading growth drivers. Towards
the second half of last year, we also witnessed the
recovery of the semiconductor IC and Discrete market, as
well as a higher demand for SMT equipment.
The Group ended the year on a high note with an
unusual quarter-on-quarter booking growth. This
upward movement in booking was beyond the Group’s
expectation at the beginning of the quarter. In fact, the
Group’s billing and booking for the fourth quarter in 2016
was the highest that the Group had ever achieved for the
last quarter of a year.
During the fourth quarter of 2016, both Back-end
Equipment and Materials Segment achieved double digit
percentage quarter-on-quarter booking growth. Out of the
three pillars of the Back-end Equipment business, namely
IC & Discrete, Optoelectronics and CIS, the IC & Discrete
market showed the strongest booking momentum during
the last quarter. In fact, the strong booking momentum
has been extended to 2017 with customers in the CIS
market also making investment for the current year.
Net profit for the Group amounted to HK$1.44 billion
in 2016, representing a surge of 50.9% over the
preceding year. The gross margin of the Group made an
improvement of 126 bps to 37.6%. This is the highest
the Group has ever achieved for the past six years since
the acquisition of the SMT business. Gross margin of the
Back-end Equipment Segment continues to grow as it
improved over the preceding year to a five year high. Our
Materials Segment is the fourth largest global lead frames
supplier. Excluding the Molded Interconnect Substrate
(MIS) business that the Group acquired in Q4 of 2015,
gross margin of the Materials Segment also showed a
good year-on-year improvement. As the MIS business is
still at its early stage of development, it has yet to make
a positive contribution to the profitability of the Materials
Segment.
Group revenue for the second half of last year amounted
to US$995.1 million, representing growth of 25.3% and
18.2% against the second half of 2015 and the preceding
six months, respectively. Group revenue for the fourth
quarter of last year amounted to US$454.5 million,
representing contractions of 16.1% compared to the
preceding quarter and growth of 20.2% against the same
period in 2015.
By geographical distribution, the top five markets for
ASMPT in 2016 were China inclusive of Hong Kong
(54.6%), Europe (15.7%), the Americas (7.7%), Malaysia
(6.4%) and Taiwan (4.2%). We continue to build our
business on a diversified customer base with no single
customer accounted for more than 10% of the Group’s
revenue. The top 5 customers collectively contributed
18.8% of the Group’s sales revenue. Out of 80% of
the Group’s revenue came from 158 customers. Out of
the top 20 customers, 6 were from the SMT Solutions
business and 3 were key customers for both the Back-end
and the SMT Solutions businesses. The top 20 customers
of the Group were from different market segments such
as the world’s leading Integrated Device Manufacturers
(IDMs), Tier-1 Outsourced Assembly and Test (OSAT)
companies, major OSATs in China, key LED players, top
Electronics Manufacturing Services (EMS) providers and
automotive components suppliers.
SERVING DIVERSIFIED
APPLICATION MARKETS
REVIEW  (Continued)
Last year’s new order bookings amounted to US$1.88
billion, representing a growth of 9.1% as compared to
2015. The book-to-bill ratio was at 1.02. Backlog of the
Group amounted to US$423.4 million at end of 2016,
representing growth of 8.9% over the previous year.
New order booking for the Back-end Equipment and
the Materials segment managed to achieve year-on-
year growth as compared to the previous year, while
booking for the SMT Solutions segment suffered a small
contraction.
By application markets, Mobility, Communications and
IT; Optoelectronics and Automotive are the largest
market segments that the Group served. Its combined
contributions to the Group’s revenue has grown from
around 44% in 2015 to around 50% in 2016. Power
Management and Energy, Industrial, and Consumers are
the other key market segments for the Group.
STRATEGIC TRANSFORMATIONS
DELIVER GOOD RESULTS
REVIEW  (Continued)
Back-end Equipment Segment
We believe once again we have outperformed the market.
Revenue for the Back-end Equipment Segment grew
23.0% last year to US$930.5 million, contributing 50.7%
of the Group’s total revenue.
Our Back-end Equipment Segment continued to retain
its number one position in the global market – a position
that we have first attained in 2002. In fact, over the past
fifteen years, the Group has only lost the number one
ranking once in 2012. Due to aggressive competition in
the mobile phone industry, more and more smartphone
suppliers are differentiating among themselves with more
sophisticated cameras on mobile phones. As demand for
high resolution and dual cameras increased, this has led to
increasing demand for CIS equipment. Industry analysts
had also reported that the penetration rate for rear-side
dual camera smartphone was only around 7% in 2016.
Moving forward to the next few years, the penetration
rate is expected to go up to around 30% by 2020. If such
a projection is accurate, this will mean a continuous strong
demand for CIS equipment in the next few years.
Furthermore, we also noticed that some customers are
working on additional features to have dual cameras for
both the front and the rear sides of the mobile phones. If
this trend takes off which we believe it will, this means
that the demand for CIS equipment will further escalate.
The Group believes that demand for CIS equipment will
go beyond the smartphone market. More cameras have
been deployed in automobiles not only to enhance user
experience but also to support the Advanced Driver
Assistance Systems (ADAS). 3D Sensing is another user
for CIS technology. One of the applications for 3D Sensing
is Augmented Reality (AR), which the Group anticipates
will go beyond gaming and could penetrate into many
other aspects of human life. The Group also believes that
CIS will remain as one of the key pillars for the Group’s
Back-end Equipment Business for a long period of time.
The other key pillar of the Group’s Back-end Equipment
Business is the LED market. Driven by the growth in LED
general lighting and display panels, we experienced strong
demand for LED equipment in 2016.
Concurrently, the Group is making good progress in
the Advanced Packaging Technology market. With our
unparalleled product portfolio offered by both the Back-
end Equipment and SMT Solutions Segments, the
Group managed to engage many lead customers in
the development of Wafer Level Fan-in (WLFI), Wafer
Level Fan-Out (WLFO) and Panel Level Fan-Out (PLFO)
packages. We expect contributions from this business
to gradually grow, and to join IC & Discrete, LED and CIS
to become the next pillar of our Back-end Equipment
business.
The Group also made good progress in other smaller
businesses in 2016. These include the Laser Dicing
Equipment business, the Automatic Optical Inspection
(AOI) business and the Solar Wafer Inspection business.
Though their contributions to the Group’s Back-end
Equipment Business are still relatively small, they achieved
impressive growth rate of close to or exceeding 100% as
compared to the previous year.
Revenue of the Back-end Equipment Segment amounted
to US$510.6 million and US$223.4 million for the second
half and the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. New
bookings for the Back-end Equipment Segment last year
grew by 19.2% as compared to 2015.
ALWAYS PLACE CUSTOMERS’
NEEDS AS NO. 1
REVIEW  (Continued)
Back-end Equipment Segment  (Continued)
Profitability of our Back-end Equipment Business
continued to improve last year. Gross margin of this
segment made an improvement to 43.4% last year, a five
years’ high since 2011. Profits of the Back-end Equipment
Segment surged 111.8% as compared to the previous
year.
The Group’s strategies of building a more flexible
workforce and increasing level of external manufacturing
have helped to make impactful contribution to the
improvement.
The relocation of the factory from Yantian, Shenzhen to
Longgang, Shenzhen has been completed late last year
with a total of 710 employees having left the company.
Part of the vacancies will be filled up with new hires
while the rest will be taken up by increasing the external
manufacturing activities. The Group believes that this
consolidation will help to improve the efficiency and
logistics operation of the Group in Shenzhen.
Materials Segment
Last year, revenue of our Materials Segment amounted
to US$241.2 million, representing 9.2% growth from the
year before. Our etched lead frame business not only
experienced strong revenue growth over the previous
year, but also achieved a new revenue record. Materials
Segment contributed 13.1% of the Group’s total revenue
in 2016.
Revenue of the Materials segment amounted to US$124.3
million and US$60.6 million for the second half and the
fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. New bookings for
Materials Segment last year grew by 16.3% as compared
to 2015.
With our continuous cost reduction effort and strong
focus on offering higher-added value services and
higher margin products to the market, profitability of our
Materials Segment continued to improve last year. Profits
of Materials Segment grew 20.6% over the previous year.
The Group has invested in the MIS business since the
fourth quarter of 2015. As the business is still in an early
stage of development, it has yet to make a positive
contribution to the profitability of the Materials Segment.
Excluding the MIS business, gross margin of the Materials
Segment improved year-on-year and Segment profits
would have achieved improvement of over 50%.
Despite the investment in MIS having temporarily brought
down the financial performance of the Materials Segment,
the Group remains committed to grow the MIS business.
By combining MIS and the Group’s equipment portfolio
in Advanced Packaging, the Group is in a unique position
to offer customers a total solution in their pursuit of
advanced packaging technologies. Furthermore, the Group
believes that the MIS business will significantly lift the
gross margin of the Materials Segment to a much higher
level once this business starts to turnaround.
REVIEW  (Continued)
SMT Solutions Segment
Last year, revenue of our SMT Solutions Segment
contracted slightly by 4.4% to US$664.5 million. The SMT
Solutions Segment contributed 36.2% of the Group’s
revenue.
As compared to the preceding six months, gross margin
of the SMT Solutions Segment made an improvement
of 3.2% during the second half of last year. The SMT
Solutions Segment achieved segment result margin of
11.2% last year.
Our SMT Solutions Segment continues to focus on
offering to the market solutions of higher placement
accuracy and speed. With the trend of integrating more
advanced features into limited space, we notice that
customers are adopting more tiny components such as
0402 (component size of 0.4 mm x 0.2 mm), PCBs with
finer traces and more System in Packages (SiPs) in their
design, which we believe work in the Group’s favor. Over
the past two years, the SMT Solutions Segment made
good progress in addressing the Advanced Packages
market. With the comprehensive suite of innovative
solutions, we are able to positively engage various lead
customers in the development of wafer level and panel
level fan-out packages.
Revenue of the SMT Solutions Segment amounted to
US$360.2 million and US$170.5 million for the second
half and the fourth quarter of 2016, respectively. New
bookings for the SMT Solutions Segment last year
contracted 4.3% as compared to 2015.
Last year, we have successfully combined the Printing
and Placement divisions into one unit. By tapping on
each other’s competence, we are able to introduce
new solutions to the market at a faster pace. Also, with
the synergies formed, we expect operation costs to
be further reduced. Our new facility in Singapore has
been completed while the setup of Malaysia’s new
manufacturing facilities for the SMT Solutions products is
progressing on track. Our goal is to fulfill deliveries for our
customers in Asia from both the Singapore and Malaysia
factories. We believe that it will not only further lower our
production cost but also helps to reduce carbon emission
as around 50% of our customers for SMT Solution
Segment are located in Asia.
2016 marked a memorable year for the Group as the SMT
Solutions Segment’s factory in Munich was awarded
the “Factory of the Year 2016” in recognition for its
exceptional flexibility in production by the Produktion
magazine, one of the most prestigious German
publications, and Consultancy A.T. Kearney. Past winners
include Siemens, Volkswagen, Robert Bosch, to name a
few.
INSPIRE TALENTS AROUND THE
WORLD TO DELIVER INNOVATIVE
SOLUTIONS
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES
Cash and bank deposits as of 31 December 2016
increased by 41.1% to HK$3.21 billion (2015: HK$2.28
billion). During 2016, HK$486.7 million was paid as
dividends (2015: HK$925.8 million). Capital addition during
the period amounted to HK$425.4 million (2015: HK$564.6
million), which was funded by the year’s depreciation
and amortization of HK$ 440.4 million (2015: HK$419.8
million). Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored
during the year. Day sales outstanding has decreased
to 91.0 days (2015: 102.1 days) as a result of improved
collections.
As of 31 December 2016, the current ratio was 1.91,
with a debt-equity ratio of 26.9% (debts include all bank
borrowings and convertible bonds). The Group had
available banking facilities of HK$1.68 billion (US$216.8
million) in the form of bank loans and overdraft facilities,
out of which HK$310.2 million (US$40.0 million) was
committed facilities. As of 31 December 2016, the Group
had bank borrowings of HK$193.9 million (US$25.0
million), all of which was utilization of committed facilities.
The Group’s shareholders’ funds increased to HK$9.02
billion as at 31 December 2016.
In terms of currency exposure, the majority of our sales
were denominated in U.S. dollars, with the balance
in Euros and Chinese renminbi. On the other hand,
disbursements, in respect of operating expenses and
purchases, were mainly in U.S. dollars, Euros, Hong Kong
and Singapore dollars, Malaysia ringgit, Chinese renminbi,
British pounds and Japanese yen.
We continue to believe in returning excess cash to our
shareholders through the payout of dividends. After
considering our mid-to-short term needs and cash on
hand, the Board recommends a final dividend of HK$1.10
(2015: final dividend of HK$0.40) per share. The total
dividend payout for 2016 is HK$1.90 per share (2015:
HK$1.40), with a payout ratio of 52.9%. Going forward,
the Group would like to pursue a dividend policy of paying
out sustainable and gradually increasing dividends.
HUMAN RESOURCES
ASMPT recognizes human resources as one of the Group’s
most important assets. The Group strongly believes in
hiring the right talents, nurturing and retaining them.
Besides offering competitive remuneration packages,
ASMPT placed great emphasis to provide extensive
training programmes and a positive and dynamic working
environment. Salary review is conducted on a yearly
basis and in addition to salary payments, the Group also
provides other form of benefits including contributions to
provident funds schemes, medical and training subsidies
etc. Discretionary bonus payout and incentives shares are
also granted to eligible staff based on the Group’s financial
results and staff individual performances.
As of 31 December 2016, total headcount for the Group
worldwide was approximately 14,400 people. Of the
total workforce, around 1,300 were based in Hong Kong,
8,800 in mainland China, 1,400 in Singapore, 900 each
in Germany and Malaysia, 400 in the United Kingdom
while the remaining were based in other parts of the
world. A total of 1,572 headcounts were flexible workers
including temporary or short-term contract employees and
outsourced workers.
ASMPT invests aggressively to build up its core
competence and R&D capabilities. The series of
successful acquisitions has helped ASMPT brought in
the right talents around the globe with capabilities and
expertise. Currently, ASMPT has six R&D centers located
in Hong Kong and Chengdu (China), Singapore, Munich
(Germany), Weymouth (United Kingdom) and Beuningen
(the Netherlands).
The total manpower costs for the Group in 2016 were
HK$3.96 billion, as compared with HK$3.86 billion in 2015.
INVEST AHEAD OF
THE CURVE
PROSPECTS
The market sentiments looked positive during the fourth
quarter of last year and this was evidenced by the billings
and bookings that set new records for the fourth quarter
of a year.
We believe this strong momentum will continue and 2017
is likely to be a year of growth for the Group. This is in
line with the predictions from most industry analysts that
both the semiconductor and the semiconductor packaging
and assembly equipment (PAE) industries will experience
growth this year. We expect our strong performance
will be highly driven by demand from the CIS and the
LED businesses, and recovery of the IC and Discrete
market. Moreover, 2017 being the 10th anniversary of the
smartphone industry, many people expect this will trigger
off a new round of investment cycle for the smartphone
market, which we believe will be beneficial to our SMT
Solutions business.
With the strong booking received in Q4 as the confidence
booster, we expect a strong year-on-year double digit
percentage improvement in the Group’s billing during the
first quarter of this year. As there are less working days
in Q1 due to the Chinese New Year holiday break, we
expect Group billing for the first quarter to show only a
small sequential improvement over the preceding quarter.
For the Group booking in Q1, we expect it to improve
sequentially and to demonstrate an even stronger double
digit percentage growth on year-on-year basis. In fact,
new order booking for the first two months of this year
has already surpassed the booking in Q1 last year.
However, we are also mindful that there are still some
levels of macro-economic instability that might affect the
global semiconductor and electronics industries. United
States being the engine of the world economy and the
recent change in its political leadership have brought about
a certain degree of reservation to the world economy.
Likewise, the economic effect of Brexit may further
challenge the situation and pose another uncertainty to
the world market.
Nevertheless, we believe that there are still many bright
spots in our industry and in particular, for ASMPT. In
years to come, we expect automobiles, smart factories,
smart cities, Industry 4.0, Internet of Things (IoT),
healthcare, Artificial Intelligence (AI) and the desire for
a greener environment will help to increase demand
for semiconductor devices and electronics modules.
Furthermore, the broad portfolio of new products that the
Group has developed will put us in the forefront position
to gain market shares.
APPRECIATION
To summarize, the 2016 results delivered by ASMPT
have been encouraging. We have made good progress
towards our strategic and financial goals. We believe in
delivering the highest value and innovation solutions to our
customers through products and solutions with advanced
technologies and excellent quality. We stand ready
to react swiftly to economic changes and technology
demands by optimizing our manufacturing processes and
enhancing our product portfolio. Looking ahead, while
we are confident of our growth potential for 2017, there
are still areas we need to work on to improve value for
all our stakeholders. For the Group to continue to grow
from strength to strength, we will continue to forge
ahead with the next growth drivers. On behalf of the
Board, I would like to thank all our customers, employees,
suppliers and other stakeholders for your tremendous
support and contribution during the year.
Orasa Livasiri
Chairman
2 March 2017