Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a turnover amounting to HK$3,536,855,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2005, representing a decrease of 7.6% as compared with HK$3,828,930,000 for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit for the year is HK$850,485,000, which is 15.2% lower than the previous year s consolidated profit of HK$1,002,595,000. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$2.21 (2004: HK$2.61).

An interim dividend of HK$0.50 (2004: HK$0.45) per share and first special dividend of HK$0.20 per share were paid in August 2005. Having established a solid foundation in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term through enlarging its market share with diversified, high performance products. There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has consistently generated significant positive cash flow from operations in each of the past nine years. In view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the Board of Directors have decided to recommend a final and second special dividend of HK$1.00 (2004: HK$1.05) per share and HK$0.30 per share respectively payable on or around 28 April 2006, making a total dividend payment of HK$2.00 (2004: HK$2.05) per share for the year ended 31 December 2005, inclusive of HK$0.50 per share of special dividend. This translates into a 90.9% dividend payout ratio for the current year profit; representing a prudent decision to return current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group with the optimum shareholders funds.

Despite record energy prices and a series of natural disasters, the buoyant world economy and political stability have resulted in fairly strong consumer spending, especially for devices like cell phones, digital cameras, MP3 music players and digital televisions.
The personal computer segment, which has the largest appetite for semiconductors, remained strong. As a result, worldwide demand for semiconductors increased in all end markets over the last twelve months. When the industry recovered and strengthened, most pundits revised their forecasts upward in the middle of the year. According to several leading industry analysts like SIA, Dataquest and VLSI Research, global semiconductor sales jumped 6.8 7.7% in 2005.
After experiencing growth in excess of 40% in 2004 and starting off the year from the trough of the business cycle, every major player in the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment industry experienced negative growth in 2005. While the inflection point took place in March and inflows of orders strengthened over the months, major purchases of capacity- related equipment during the second-half could not offset the previous soft period. According to recent data released by SEMI, VLSI Research and Dataquest, the global assembly equipment market shrank by 11 19% as compared with 2004, in line with their projection of double-digit decline made a year ago.
Over the last few years, ASM has consistently outperformed its industry peers and this year was no different: we gained market share and maintained our number one position in the global assembly and packaging equipment market, achieving a Group turnover of US$454.9 million and net profit of HK$850.5 million.
Both are ASM s third highest in history, although a minor reduction of 7.6% and 15.2% respectively as compared with 2004.

Return on capital employed and on sales were 37.8% and 25.1% respectively, once again our third best on record. In a year of recovery with sequential improvements in quarterly bookings and billings, book-to-bill ratio was 1.09 for the year and our ending order backlog as of 31 December 2005 grew to US$102 million (US$63 million as of 31 December 2004).
In 2005, sales attributable to our five largest customers combined were 28.3% of the total, with no customer exceeding 10%, further evidence of the continuing success of our diversified market strategy. We also enjoyed a good geographical spread mirroring the investment climate of the industry, with China becoming our largest (21.9%) market, swopping positions with last year s leader Taiwan (21.0%) for the first time. Shipments of US$99.7 million to the former created another new record for 
Over the years, ASM has built a solid business foundation based on diversified products serving broad application markets. Recent years financial performances have clearly reflected the growing acceptance of our products by a larger pool of customers. With equipment revenue of US$368.4 million, equivalent to 81.0% of the Group s turnover in 2005, ASM was the top player in its industry, a premier position we have held since 2002. We maintained a gap of US$75 million between ourselves and our competitors, representing 25% delta as compared with our closest rival. Unfortunately we could not avoid the general industry setback, and our equipment business declined slightly by 11.9% over the last twelve months.
Our leadframe business made good progress last year. Improved market demands coupled with capacity expansion and operational improvements in our China, Singapore and Malaysian plants resulted in 16.8% growth of our leadframe business to US$86.5 million in 2005, representing our record leadframe revenue and 19.0% of the Group s turnover. Both our stamped and QFN etched frames made substantial inroads in target markets, growing faster than the leadframe industry as a whole which increased by 1.7% last year according to SEMI s November 2005 report. Clearly the strategic realignment of our leadframe operation has yielded its dividends. While the transfer of all etched frames plating activities to Malaysia has been slower than expected due to the lengthy customer qualification process, the enlarged operation, when completed during the first half of 2006, should further enhance ASM s cost-competitiveness and output of QFN frames.

The ever-increasing demands of end-users mean that tech companies are continually driven to deliver solutions in response.
Our customers unrelenting needs for ever lower assembly and packaging costs, new package types like QFN, stacked die, stacked package, flip chip and system-in-package, and the ceaseless push of the technology envelope on fine pitch wire bonding, thin die attachment and ultra thin molded packages necessitate innovative solutions and strong R&D commitments from equipment suppliers.
To further enhance our market position in a competitive business environment, ASM s strategy has been to deliver the best value propositions to our customers. Satisfying the diversity of today s package types and applications require multiple platforms for almost every assembly process, such as our Twin Eagle and Eagle 60 AP gold wire bonders optimizing cost-of-ownership and ultra fine pitch technology respectively. Similarly, the launching last year of our ultra high speed I.C. die bonder catering for smaller die sizes complemented our standard platform in wafer size and throughput capabilities. The introduction of our Osprey molding system in mid-2005 for high density matrix substrates set a new benchmark for tooling cost and order leadtime, highly desirable for improving the asset utilization of the backend assembly process. Equipped with high performance linear motors, our new model of aluminum wire bonder that migrated to volume production last year not only solidified ASM s two-decade leadership in the chip-on-board application market, but offered customers a good solution for finer pitch, multi-die and high throughput requirements. All these new products and solutions could not have been developed in such a short time without our 600 R&D staff located in Hong Kong and Singapore, and an ever- increasing R&D expenditure that amounted to HK$267.6 million last year (2004: HK$262.6 million), representing 9.3% of our current year s equipment sales.
While we had to deal with a much wider range of products than in the past and production run rates at the end of the year were much higher than the previous year, we continued to streamline our working capital management with positive results. Last year we achieved an inventory turnover of 6.08 times (2004: 7.06 times), with an ending inventory of HK$609.3 million to deal with the much higher revenue. Although capital investments amounting to HK$194.8 million were made in 2005, our sound working capital management resulted in a free cash flow of HK$619.7 million (2004: HK$957.6 million) and a return on invested capital of 55.1% (2004: 67.2%) last year.
Liquidity and financial resources The Group s shareholders funds increased slightly to HK$2,393,534,000 as at 31 December 2005 (2004: HK$2,177,465,000). As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past six years.
Although HK$674.2 million was paid as dividends and HK$194.8 million was spent in capital investments during the twelve-month period, due to good control of working capital and strong positive cash flow from operation, cash on hand as of 31 December 2005 was HK$728,927,000 (2004: HK$763,359,000).
In fact, a good portion of the capital investments were funded by the current year s depreciation of HK$154.4 million.
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2005. Current ratio was 3.42, and a debt-equity ratio of 27.3%. With no short- term needs and an on-going positive cash flow from organic growth operation, these figures permit ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to our shareholders. While account receivables have been tightly monitored during the year, due to highest turnover in the last quarter of the year, it resulted in 88.2 days sales outstanding (2004: 57.0 days).
The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars and Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payables in yen to 
ASM places strong emphasis on both recruiting and retaining high calibre employees, not only through competitive remuneration packages but also by committing ourselves to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies. Discretionary bonus and bonus shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual performance.
As of 31 December 2005, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 7,800 people.

The Semiconductor Industry Association (SIA) reported that sales of semiconductors for consumer applications have since 2004 exceeded that for corporate purposes. In future, the health of the chip sector will be more closely tied to macroeconomic conditions and consumer spending. Semiconductor content has been consistently rising as electronics end products continue to demand more functions and capabilities. Based on current market outlook, most industry analysts (SIA, WSTS, Dataquest, iSuppli, VLSI Research) project a moderate single-digit (6.7 8.0%) growth for the semiconductor industry in 2006, to be followed by higher growth rate close to 10% in 2007. IC unit volume is forecasted to have a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 9.31% over the 2004 2009 period, according to the 2005 Electronic Trend Publication.
The constant challenges of higher performance, diversified functionalities, cost reduction and product miniaturization, especially for feature-rich hand-held products, mean that more and more IC packages are being designed with finer line width, chip scale (QFN) and chip size (flip chip) form factors, stacked die, stacked package (PoP) and system-in-package (SiP), requiring the latest generation of assembly equipment. For the assembly equipment market, the rate of change this year will depend on whether the market can sustain the strong momentum of the first two quarters into the second half of 2006. While all pundits project a positive growth for 2006, their numbers are somewhat divergent at this point ranging from 3.6 22.1% (VLSI Research 3.6%, SEMI 9.0%, Dataquest 22.1%).
Managing and developing multiple products, especially to serve diversified market segments, is more challenging than a narrowly focused approach. Nevertheless, we have continued with this business strategy over the years to build a thriving company more resilient to inevitable industry fluctuation than our competitors.
Our persistent, simultaneous pursuit of differentiation and low cost have resulted in world-class products whose value propositions are unmatched by our rivals. In addition to our leadership position in the die and wire bonder market segments, the good progress we made in recent years on flip chip bonders, encapsulation equipment, integrated test handlers and other chip sizescale (CSP) assembly equipment has laid a solid foundation for future growth, empowering ASM to aggressively pursue new market opportunities. After realigning our cost structure and expanding production capacity, our leadframe business is well- poised for further gain in market share. Leading customers have shown their recognition of ASM s leadframe manufacturing capabilities and our long-term commitment to this business, and demonstrated their intention to expand business with us.

borrowing for the past 
Gaining important competitive advantages and corresponding profitable returns requires aggressive and consistent investments for the future in R&D, manpower development and facilities. This is precisely the strategy ASM has been pursuing for many years. While all our major competitors have consistently reduced their R&D spending in recent times due to profit squeeze, our R&D expenditures and our talent pool have risen year after year. We have maintained our policy of spending 10% of equipment turnover on research and development (R&D) and ignored short-term sales fluctuation. Similarly, we continue to budget annually substantial capital investment to strengthen our R&D analytical equipment, information technology infrastructure, fabricated parts production capacity and the enhancement of manufacturing capabilities and capacity of our leadframe plants.
HK$200 million has been planned for 2006.
Leveraging on our in-house enabling technologies, new product development efforts are centered around a continued rejuvenation of our die and wire bonders, encapsulation system, CSP singulation system and integrated test handler, simultaneously injecting higher performance and lower cost of manufacturing into the new products. We have also organized R&D teams to address the multi-chip die bonding and chip-on-glass (COG) flip chip market segments - applications that our human resources could not cope with in the past.
Solution-selling has become a powerful marketing tool in this knowledge-based economy. Providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and leadframes to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements has proven to be our most effective tool to unlock customer doors. This unique business strategy truly differentiates ASM from all our competitors, enabling us to further expand our business and promote newly developed products.

With US$368.4 million annual equipment revenue in 2005, representing the third highest of its kind in the company historical record, ASM maintained the top position in its industry attained 
industry since 2002 
Over the years we have built up a wealth of technologies and human talent within ASM. Our track record of successful execution of our customer-centered business strategy speaks for itself, and coupled with our industry s most efficient cost structure and our wide range of product offerings, ASM is well-positioned to compete in the global arena. In any dynamic market environment, the player with richer resources and more competitive products always has the advantage. As such it is management s belief that ASM will continue to outperform our industry peers and maintain our leadership position in the 
Last year we produced exceptional results, and this year, in spite of a more difficult industry situation, ASM has once again come out well ahead of the pack. As I said in 2005, this has only been possible because the men and women of many different nationalities in many countries who constitute the ASM family have continued to turn in outstanding performances in their work every day. The Board is only too aware that as a company, ASM s success is built on the efforts of those who work within it, and we would like once again to place on record our appreciation of their accomplishments during the past year.
Arthur H. del Prado 
21 February 2006 
In 2005 our newly developed RFID (Radio Frequency Identification Device) flip chip bonding machines were shipped to two customers for their pilot-line production.
billion US dollars market capitalization for ASM Pacific Technology 
