CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASMPT ) reported a turnover of HK$14.23 billion (US$1.83 billion) in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2014, representing a rise of 31.3% as compared with HK$10.84 billion (US$1.40 billion) for the previous year.
The Group s consolidated profit after taxation for the year is HK$1.60 billion which is 186.4% higher than the previous year s net profit of HK$558.6 million. Basic earnings per share (EPS) for the year amounted to HK$3.99 
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering the Group s short term needs and our cash on hand, the Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of a final dividend of HK$1.30 (2013: final dividend of HK$0.50) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.80 (2013: HK$0.35) per share paid in August 2014, the total dividend payment for year 2014 will be HK$2.10 (2013: HK$0.85) per share.

2014 has been another satisfying year in the Group s strategic transformation.
Not only did the Group again achieve many new records, it also successfully established its SMT Solutions business as its second growth engine.
During the year, the Group completed two acquisitions, which have served to further expand its product portfolio and will significantly enhance the Group s competitiveness in the marketplace. Over the past four years, the Group has successfully expanded its total addressable market (TAM) from approximately US$5 billion in 2010 to around US$10 billion currently.

Moreover, the acquisitions added valuable technologies to the Group.
With the addition of the multi-beam laser separation, printing and surface- mount technologies to the Group s traditional core competencies in back-end assembly and packaging, the Group is now well-equipped to address new and emerging advanced packaging applications such as embedded printed circuit boards (PCB), system-in-package (SIP), wafer-level packaging, redistribution layers (RDL), flip-chip bonding, thermo-compression bonding (TCB) and advanced CMOS imaging sensors (CIS).
Last year, all three of our business segments achieved revenue growths over the preceding year, notably with both the SMT Solutions and Materials Segments setting multiple new records.
Our Back-end Equipment business continued to be the top supplier in the global market, a position that we first attained in 2002. Over the past thirteen years, the Group was displaced from its leadership position only once in 2012. In fact, the revenue gap with our closest rival has further increased to an unprecedented high last year.
Our Lead frame business continued to set new revenue records and it has grown to become the 4th largest global supplier. Our Lead frame business has been consistently setting new revenue records for the past three years on its way to advancing its market position.
Our SMT Solutions business has arrived at a new revenue record and has taken over the world number two position. We believe that our market share has already exceeded the 20% level and that we have significantly narrowed the revenue gap with the top SMT equipment supplier in the global market. Our team is fully motivated to attain the goal of becoming the global leader in the supply of SMT equipment 
The year 2014 also marked a turnaround year for the Group in terms of profitability. All three business segments delivered higher profits as well as better profitability.
In particular, the profit contribution from our SMT Solutions business has 
Last year, the Group attained a new revenue record of HK$14.23 billion (US$1.83 billion), representing a growth of 31.3% as compared to 2013.
Net profits for the Group amounted to HK$1.60 billion, representing a surge of 186.4% over the preceding year.
Significantly, the Group achieved record quarterly profits before tax (PBT) during the third quarter of last year.
The revenue of the Group was also at a new record during the second half of last year, amounting to HK$8.30 billion (US$1.07 billion), which represented growths of 41.5% and 39.9% against the second half of 2013 and the preceding six months respectively. Net profits for the six- month period amounted to HK$1.03 billion, which was a significant expansion of 220.3% over the same period of 2013. The Group achieved a gross margin of 36.7% during the second half of last year.

Group revenue for the fourth quarter of last year grew by 24.7% year-on- year to HK$3.45 billion (US$444.0 million). It was slightly below the low- end of our expectations due to some customers postponing deliveries to the subsequent quarter. Net profits for the fourth quarter amounted to HK$243.7 million, representing a surge of 416.4% over the same period of 2013.
The Group achieved a gross margin of 38.0% during the fourth quarter of last year. Group revenue in the fourth quarter of last year contracted 29.0% as compared to the third quarter of last year. During the fourth quarter last year, the Group has booked a provision for tax-related expenses of HK$168.4 million in relation to the tax enquiries the Group has been receiving from the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department ( HKIRD ) since 2006. Since discussions with HKIRD have been ongoing for some years, efforts are being made to resolve the pending issues. The Group also booked a charge of HK$38.7 million relating to amortization of fair value increment of assets acquired in DEK business. Excluding these two charges, profit before tax would have been HK$544.3 million for the quarter.
Annual amortization of around HK$47.4 million relating to the fair value increment of assets acquired in DEK business will be charged in 2015 and such amount will decrease gradually in future years.
The Group s business remains highly diversified geographically, with China (including Hong Kong) (47.9%), Europe (14.8%), Malaysia (8.4%), Taiwan (8.3%) and the Americas (8.1%) being the top five markets for the Group in 2014. Moreover, we continued to build our business on an extensive customer base. In 2014, no customer accounted for more than 10% of the Group s revenue. The top 5 customers combined contributed to 20.4% of the Group s sales revenue, and 80% of the Group s revenue came from 182 customers.
Out of our top 20 customers, 7 were from the SMT Solutions business and 6 were key customers for both the Back-end and SMT Solutions businesses. The top 20 customers of the Group consisted of customers from different market segments such as the world s leading independent device manufacturers (IDMs), tier-1 outsourced semiconductor assembly and test (OSAT) suppliers, major OSATs in China, key light-emitting diode (LED) players, top electronic manufacturing services (EMS) providers and leading automotive component suppliers. Last year, Back- end Equipment sales to IDM customers were higher than sales to OSAT 
New order bookings for all three segments of our business improved over the previous year. Our new order bookings last year amounted to US$1.91 billion, a strong increase of 37.8% as compared to 2013, and achieved a new record for the Group.

New order bookings for the second half of last year was US$875.5 million, representing a growth of 32.6% as compared to the same period in 2013, although it was a contraction of 15.4% from the first half of last year.
New order bookings for the fourth quarter of last year was US$342.5 million, representing a growth of 17.0% as compared to the same period in 2013 but a contraction of 35.7% from the preceding quarter.
The book to bill ratio for 2014 was 1.04, while the backlog as of the end of the year was US$361.8 million.
We believe that our achievements in the past year clearly reflect our successful business strategies. We have grown our business with a diversified product portfolio and large customer base. Besides enabling the Group to be more resilient during periods of challenging market conditions, it has further aided the Group in taking advantage of the opportunities brought about by rapid changes in technology 
Furthermore, the Group s proven strategies of focusing on multiple application markets, investing in advanced technologies and collaborating with leading customers have paid off quite handsomely over the past few years.
For decades, ASMPT had built its successes on internal organic growth.
Nevertheless, over the past four years, the Group has demonstrated its competence in pursuing strategic acquisitions. We believe that this new competence will enable ASMPT to take full advantage of the current market conditions namely, the trends of consolidation and technology transition. The enhanced skill-set will certainly help to accelerate the growth 
Back-end Equipment Segment The revenue of our Back-end Equipment business grew by 30.8% last year to HK$6.80 billion (US$877.2 million), which was the second highest in the Group s history, and the Back- end Equipment business contributed 47.8% to the Group s total revenue.
Since 2002, our Back-end Equipment business has held the number one position in the global market, except in 2012 when it was the second largest supplier. In 2014, revenue from our Back-end Equipment business was 65.3% higher than the revenue of our closest rival, with the revenue gap now at a new record of US$346.6 million.
Last year, we experienced strong revenue growth for almost all the major products comprised the Back- end Equipment business. Leading the growth were bonders, including die bonders, flip chip bonders, TCB bonders and wire bonders, while our other Back-end products also demonstrated steady growth.
Many new products that we have developed over the past few years contributed to the solid performance of our Back-end Equipment business last year. They were able to either contribute to last year s strong revenue growth or to gross margin improvement. TCB bonders and test handlers performed particularly well.

Back-end Equipment Segment 
Our acquisition of the Laser Separation business (ALSI) has been well-received by customers. Customers were not only impressed by the superior laser technology, high throughput and outstanding quality offered by ALSI s laser grooving and dicing systems, they also gained assurance from ALSI s financial backing from a major supplier like ASMPT. With the acquisition, ALSI is now able to leverage on ASMPT s extensive sales and service network to reach out to customers, particularly in Asia. ALSI is also able to leverage on ASMPT s engineering and manufacturing expertise along with the enabling technologies of ASMPT to drive down the costs of its products.
Laser grooving is becoming almost a necessity for low-k and ultra low-k semiconductor wafers. For some wafer-level packaging applications, it is also necessary to prepare the wafer well with good-quality grooves before the wafer reconstruction process.
Laser dicing also significantly reduces the number of process steps for die separation of thin wafers, which is the trend for flash memory and advanced packages. ALSI s multi-beam technology places ASMPT technically well ahead of the competition in the laser dicing arena. Currently, we are the world leader in the RF (radio frequency) application market. Our technology is particularly well suited for dicing silicon-based LED wafers, an emerging technology in the LED 
Last year, the growth of our Back-end Equipment business was propelled by both the ICDiscrete and LED markets. Smart phones continued to be the major growth driver for the market. The Group also benefitted from the proliferation of higher pixel- count cameras and the installation of multiple cameras on portable electronic devices. Automotive and power management devices were other growth drivers for our business.
Flip chip bonders, in particular TCB bonders, made substantial contributions to last year s revenue 
The strong demand for Back-end Equipment for LED manufacturing last year was mainly driven by LED general lighting and display applications.
Besides traditional die and wire bonders, we shipped a substantial quantity of bonders for the assembly of 
During the second half of last year, Back-end Equipment revenue amounted to HK$3.68 billion (US$475.0 million), representing growths of 33.4% and 18.1% against the second half of 2013 and the preceding six months respectively.
Back-end Equipment revenue for the fourth quarter last year grew 22.3% year-on-year to HK$1.52 billion (US$195.3 million) but contracted 30.1% from the preceding quarter due to seasonal factors.

Back-end Equipment Segment 
New order bookings for Back-end Equipment last year increased strongly by 41.8% as compared to 2013. It was the second highest level of bookings in the Group s history.
New order bookings for the second half of last year grew 26.6% as compared to the same period of 2013, but contracted 25.2% from the first half of last year.
New order bookings for the fourth quarter of last year grew 3.0% as compared to the same period in 2013, but contracted 46.5% from the preceding quarter. The booking contraction in the fourth quarter appears to reflect that customers capex last year was mainly front- loaded to the early part of the year.
Profitability of our Back-end Equipment business improved significantly last year, achieving a gross margin of 41.9% and a segment result of 20.2%, representing improvements of 609 bps and 976 bps over the previous year, respectively. The improvement was mainly due to stable average selling price (ASP), aggressive cost reduction efforts, and the introduction of new models of machines. The Back-end Equipment business achieved a gross margin of 42.8% and a segment result of 22.1%, respectively, during the second half of last year.
With our relentless efforts to diversify our product portfolio over the past few years, we have successfully reduced our dependence on the demand for traditional die and wire bonders. Last year, the revenue generated from traditional die and wire bonders for assembly of semiconductor and LED devices contributed to less than 60% of our Back-end Equipment business.
It has come down from around the 80% level, which used to be the norm until 2010. The remainder was mainly contributions from packaging- related equipment, test handlers, flip-chip bonders, TCB bonders, clip bonders for power management devices, CMOS image sensor assembly equipment, laser grooving and dicing systems and other advanced packaging equipment. While we believe that wire bonding remains the most cost- effective interconnection technology for semiconductor devices and will continue to account for a much higher volume of semiconductor devices shipped globally, we do recognize the fast-growing trend towards the adoption of advanced packaging technology. Over the past few years, the Group has been consciously building a product portfolio that will reduce its dependence on wire bonding interconnection technology, but without losing focus on it.
While ASMPT has diversified into the SMT Solutions business, it remains committed to the Back-end Equipment business. We believe that we have put in place the right product and technology portfolio to take advantage of the continuing technology transition to advanced packages, a position that no single player in the industry is getting close to achieving as yet.
ASMPT will be the undoubted partner for its customers in their pursuit of a successful transition to advanced 
Materials Business Segment Last year, revenue of our Lead frame business attained another new record of HK$1.90 billion (US$245.2 million), representing a growth of 10.3% from the year before. Both our Stamped and Etched Lead frame businesses achieved new revenue records.
In particular, our Lead frame business has been repeatedly setting new revenue records consecutively for the past three years. Last year, we have progressed to the world number 4 position. It is noteworthy that over the past ten years, our Lead frame business has achieved a CAGR of 12.2%. Last year, Lead frame revenue contributed to 13.4% of the Group s total revenue.
During the second half of last year, Lead frame revenue amounted to HK$953.1 million (US$122.9 million), representing growths of 7.7% and 0.5% against the second half of 2013 and the preceding six months respectively.
The result has set a new half-year 
Lead frame revenue for the fourth quarter last year grew 13.3% year-on- year to HK$450.2 million (US$58.0 million), but contracted 10.5% from the preceding quarter due to seasonal 
New order bookings for Lead frames increased by 3.6% last year as compared to 2013, setting a new record in the process. New order bookings for the second half of last year grew 9.4% as compared to the same period in 2013, but contracted 11.8% from the first half of last year.
New order bookings for the fourth quarter of last year contracted by 0.6% and 6.5% as compared to the same period in 2013 and the preceding 
Profitability of our Lead frame business has improved last year. Whilst revenue increased by 10.3% year-on-year, segment results improved by 29.0%.
SMT Solutions Segment Our investment in the SMT Solutions business has borne further fruit. Last year, our SMT Solutions business contributed to 38.8% of the Group s revenue and 37.1% of the Group s PBT. Its contribution during the second half of 2014 was especially significant.
During the second half of last year, the SMT Solutions business contributed to 44.1% of the Group s revenue and 46.8% of the Group s PBT.
With the improved performance, our SMT Solutions Segment has now firmly established itself as the second growth engine of the Group.
Revenue of our SMT Solutions business grew 41.0% to HK$5.52 billion (US$712.3 million) last year, setting a new revenue record. At the same time, we have now become the second largest global SMT equipment supplier and the undisputed leader in the European and Americas markets.

SMT Solutions Segment (Continued) We believe that our market share has crossed the 20% level last year, which is a remarkable growth from around 11-12% when the business was acquired by the Group back in 2011. Admirably, this outstanding performance was achieved against the backdrop of a significant depreciation in the Japanese yen, which gave the products of our Japanese competitors a 
We further believe that our gap with the SMT equipment industry s top supplier has been significantly narrowed. We are optimistic about the future and will continue to work towards pursuing our goal of being the top global player in the SMT equipment industry by 2016.
Our SMT Solutions business is also starting to make substantial contributions to the Group s profitability. It achieved a gross margin of 34.8% and a segment result of 13.2% last year. Its performance during the second half of last year was even better, attaining a gross margin of 36.6% and a segment result of 16.4%.
While the depreciation of Japanese yen has put much pressure on our ASP, we have been able to offset its negative effects on our profitability to some extent with our superior technology, outstanding machine performance, savings from in-sourcing and the depreciation of the Euro against the US 
During the second half of last year, the revenue of our SMT Solutions business amounted to HK$3.66 billion (US$472.2 million), once again setting a new half-year record. It represented surges of 65.0% and 96.5% compared to the same period last year and the preceding six months, respectively.
During the fourth quarter of last year, the revenue of our SMT Solutions business amounted to HK$1.48 billion (US$190.7 million), representing an increase of 31.3% and a contraction of 32.2% compared to the same period of last year and the preceding quarter, respectively. It achieved a gross margin of 41.1% and a segment result of 16.0% during the fourth quarter of last year, due to favorable geographical and product mix.
Bookings for our SMT Solutions business grew 48.8% last year, thereby achieving a new bookings record.
Bookings were boosted by 50.2% year-on-year during the second half of last year. New orders received during the fourth quarter grew by 44.3% year- on-year but contracted 31.0% from the third quarter of last year, due to 
The integration of the Printing business ( the DEK Business ) that we acquired in July last year is progressing well.
Over the past few months, our engineers have been aggressively working on projects to realize synergies to bring down the cost of our printers and to further enhance their performance by utilizing technologies that are widely available in our Back- end Equipment segment and the SMT 
The acquisition is also well-received by both existing and potential customers.
From customer surveys that were conducted last year, we confirmed that the synergistic benefits that we have established by offering to the market a closed-loop line solution is exactly what many customers are looking forward to from the combination of the DEK and SIPLACE brands of ASMPT.

SMT Solutions Segment (Continued) The integration further allows us to enjoy the benefits of leveraging on the market reaches of both businesses to expand our market penetration, optimization of distribution channels and our customer relationship management ( CRM ) organization.
We expect that these will translate into even better customer service and coverage, increases in sales revenue and market share, as well as cost reductions for us.
With the newly-established SMT Solutions Segment, ASMPT maintains a strong foothold in the automotive and industrial markets, and increases its opportunities in the mobile phone market while at the same time reaching out to the LED, semiconductor and advanced packaging applications.

Cash on hand as of 31 December 2014 was HK$2.59 billion (2013: HK$1.60 billion). During 2014, HK$520.8 million was paid as dividends (2013: HK$259.5 million). Capital addition during the period amounted to HK$444.1 million (2013: HK$350.4 million), which was funded by the year s depreciation and amortization of HK$417.9 million (2013: HK$427.4 million). Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. Accounts receivable increased to 86.8 days sales outstanding (2013: 83.4 days) as a result of significantly 
On 28 March 2014, the Group completed the issuance of Convertible Bonds in the principal amount of HK$2.4 billion at 2.00 per cent interest which are due in 2019 (the Bonds ).
The Group used the net proceeds from the Bond issuance to pay for the purchase consideration for the acquisition of the DEK Business, and for general working capital purposes.
The Bonds are convertible into shares of the Group in the circumstances set out in the terms and conditions in relation to the Bonds at an initial Conversion Price of HK$98.21 per share (subject to adjustments).
As of 31 December 2014, the current ratio was 2.88, with a debt-equity ratio of 28.6% (debt represents all bank borrowings and convertible bonds). The Group had available bank loans and overdraft facilities of HK$2.27 billion (US$292.4 million) or its equivalent, out of which HK$533.3 million (US$68.8 million) or its equivalent were committed facilities. As of 31 December 2014, HK$167.5 million (US$21.6 million) of the Group s bank loan and overdraft facilities was drawn down, out of which utilization of committed facilities was HK$145.4 million (US$18.8 million). The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$8.21 billion as at 31 December 2014 (2013: HK$7.08 billion).
The Group has moderate currency exposure. The majority of our sales were denominated in U.S. dollars, Euros and Chinese Renminbi. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Euros, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit, Chinese Renminbi and British Pound. Our limited yen- based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors. With the addition of the SMT equipment business, the Group s exposure to Euro had increased starting 
We continue to believe in returning excessive cash to our shareholders as dividends. After considering our mid- to short-term needs and our cash on hand, the Board recommends a final dividend of HK$1.30 per share.
The total dividend payout for 2014 is HK$2.10 per share and the payout ratio is 52.7%.

ASMPT recognizes human resources as one of the Group s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high- calibre employees is always of high priority in ASMPT. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASMPT also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually.
In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual 
As of 31 December 2014, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 15,900 people, of whom 1,400 were based in Hong Kong, 10,600 were based in Mainland China, 1,200 were based in Singapore, 800 were based in Malaysia, 900 were based in Germany and 400 were based in the United Kingdom. The rest were based in other locations around the 
ASMPT invests aggressively to build up its competence in core and enabling technologies. After its recent acquisitions, ASMPT is currently operating six R&D centers around the globe. These R&D centers are located in Hong Kong, Chengdu (China), Singapore, Munich (Germany), Weymouth (United Kingdom) and Beuningen (Netherlands). As of end- 2014, there were around 1,500 product development and R&D engineers in ASMPT, with about 60% of them having either a Master s degree or a PhD.
In order to cope with the cyclical nature of its business, the Group has adopted the strategy of building a flexible production workforce.
During the past two years, the Group has increased the deployment of contract and out-sourced workers in its 
Total manpower costs for the Group for 2014 were HK$3.94 billion, as compared with HK$3.32 billion for 
While 2014 has been a strong year, market participants generally remain confident that 2015 will be similarly healthy. Some analysts have forecasted that the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment market will stay at around the same high level as 2014, followed by a small correction of around 10% in 2016, before it continues its growth momentum in years 2017 and 2018. The SMT equipment market typically closely follows the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment market, albeit with a delay of one to two 
For ASMPT, we expect new order bookings in the first quarter of this year to rebound from the level of the last quarter of 2014 to show a moderate double-digit percentage improvement quarter-on-quarter. However, as the first quarter of a year is typically the low season, we expect Group billings in the first quarter of 2015 to fall from the level of the preceding quarter, but to show a low to moderate double- digit percentage improvement year-on- 
We believe that smart phones and tablet computers will continue be the major volume contributors for the semiconductor industry. Other applications such as automotive electronics, power management devices, MEMs and CMOS imagining sensors will offer additional growth channels for the semiconductor industry. In the LED market, LED general lighting, 4K televisions and large LED display panels will be the 
We expect the semiconductor industry to continue its transition to advanced packages. However, traditional die and wire bonding will continue be the mainstream interconnection technology due to its well- established industry infrastructure and acknowledged cost advantages. On the other hand, advanced packages offer benefits of small form factor and thin packages, high transmission speeds and superior electrical performance.
ASMPT continues to invest in advanced packaging technologies.
The Group is developing a product portfolio to serve this market. For flip chip interconnection, the Group offers its customers flip chip bonders and TCB bonders. For wafer-level packaging and RDL (redistribution layer), the Group offers its customers laser grooving systems for wafer preparation; die bonders and high precision SMT placement equipment are available for wafer reconstruction; and wafer and panel molding systems to support wafer encapsulation. The Sunbird, a test and pack system, is currently under development and is targeted to be launched to the market in the second half of this year.
The Group is retaining its focus on the traditional die and wire bonder market since it will continue to be the largest segment of the assembly and packaging equipment market for a long time to come. The Group aims to defend its high market share in some areas and to further gain market share in other areas.
The Group also continues to develop products that are not sensitive to the change of interconnection technologies, such as encapsulation systems, singulation systems and test 
We believe that we have put in place the right product portfolio and business strategy to ride on the growth of the industry and to put ASMPT in a unique position relative to its peers.
The combination of the printing business from DEK and placement business from SIPLACE puts ASMPT in a strong position to compete for the number one position in the global SMT market. This second growth engine is expected to propel ASMPT to new heights. Furthermore, together with the Back-end Equipment business, it puts ASMPT in a very good position to address the SIP market.
Last but not least, the breadth and depth of technologies developed by the more than 1,400 high-quality R&D engineers around the world will differentiate ASMPT from its peers and puts ASMPT at the forefront of the technology transition race.

With exceptional effort from everyone in the Group, ASMPT was able to turn in sensational results last year. The efforts and dedication of our management, employees and partners have been critical to the Group s successes and cannot be underestimated. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all our customers, employees, suppliers and other stakeholders for their long- standing support, and to our continued partnership in the exciting years 
Arthur H.del Prado 
4 March 2015 