CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. Ho Kuang-Chi Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Xiabuxiabu Catering Management (China) Holdings Co., Ltd (the Company or Xiabuxiabu ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
The motto of success of the Company is High quality derives from persistent efforts and we believe in values as unity, pragmatism, integrity, diligence and creativity . We strive to improve the values and competitive strengths of the Company and are determined to build the Company as the leader of the fast casual restaurants in China.
The Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 17 December 2014, which is an important milestone for the Company s development.
The Company s successful listing reflected the recognition by the capital markets of the Company s development strategy and corporate governance, and laid a solid foundation for the development of the Company in the future.

Although we encountered economic slowdown and instability, restructuring and increasing competition of the catering service industry in 2014, we have been actively responding to such challenges and persisting in realizing the continuous growth of our operating results. For the year ended 31 December 2014, Xiabuxiabu has achieved outstanding results in our key operational indicators. In 2014, we opened a total of 86 new restaurants and our revenue increased to RMB2,202 million in 2014, representing a year- on-year growth of 16.5% from 2013. Net profit for 2014 reached RMB141 million and after excluding the listing expense of RMB32.68 million and share- based compensation expenses in relation to employee share options of RMB12.13 million, the adjusted net profit was RMB186 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 31.8% compared to 2013. The adjusted net profit margin increased by 1.0% to 8.4% compared to 
We believe that Xiabuxiabu has been the undisputed leader of the fast casual hotpot industry. We persist in innovating, improving our operating results and strengthening our competition advantages through economies of scale and systematic management, so that we will be able to provide continuous and stable returns to our shareholders.
New Restaurants Opening We have been steadily implementing our five-year expansion plan. We have expanded our business by further cultivating our current markets in Beijing and Northern China, as well as developing new markets.
To ensure our success in expansion, we enhanced our restaurant development plan and continuous inventory management. We also optimize our site selection standards and ensure research and pre-test before we enter any new market. In addition, we have formed strategic alliances and collaborate with owners and developers of commercial real estate such as shopping malls. As at 31 December 2014, Xiabuxiabu owned and operated 452 restaurants in 26 cities over six provinces as well as three centrally administered municipalities in China, of which 86 restaurants were opened in 2014.

We are continuously improving our service standard and efficiency, and in the meantime, enhancing our brand promotion by integrating our online and offline marketing channels, such as Wechat, Weibo, and other payment channels, cooperating with leading group- buy websites as well as several domestic banks, and launching various marketing activities. In addition, in order to improve customers experience, we constantly optimize our menu, launch new menu items, update the dish combination, adjust the pricing strategy and improve the restaurant environment. For the year ended 31 December 2014, despite a turbulent catering service market, we managed to achieve same-store sales growth of 1.5% from last year.

Evidenced by the increase of the consumer price index, the increasing costs for food ingredients, labor and rent has become the major challenges faced by the catering service industry. In response, we constantly strengthen our price bargaining power leveraging our operational scale and strategically manage our stock, so as to efficiently control our cost for ingredients, which is far below the average procurement price in the industry.
In the meantime, we strengthen our labor efficiency by adjusting staff structure, enhancing shifts management and improving flow in our restaurants. We have also managed to maintain our rental expenses at a stable percentage of our revenue by maintaining strategic alliances with landlords, developing new markets and opening smaller size restaurants. All such efforts have laid solid foundation for our profit growth.

The Company continued to adhere to the philosophy of paying back to the society. In 2014, the Company has sponsored left-behind children in Yunnan, Gansu, Guizhou and Jiangxi, through China Children and Teenagers Fund and China National Radio. The Company also took the lead to make donations in the aftermath of the gas explosion in Taiwan, which impressed the industry and the others. We have also purchased food ingredients of approximately RMB50 million from farmers and agricultural cooperatives under our farm-to-table project we implemented, which has significantly improved the farmers income and suppressed the increase of our food ingredients 
OutlOOK FOr 2015 Proceeding from our outstanding performance, we will endeavor to achieve more in the future. We will continue to innovate, optimize our platform and enhance our competitive strengths, to ensure the sustainable development of Xiabuxiabu, by which we will be able to create greater value and returns to our customers, employees and shareholders.

We have shifted from business-centered strategy to brand-building strategy. By the end of 2014, we have optimized our brand positioning. Xiabuxiabu , as the unique brand, will be the vanguard for our business in 2015 and beyond. In the meantime, innovative online and offline marketing initiatives will be launched to help enhance our brand recognition.
Same-Store Sales Growth In addition to branding and promotion initiatives, we will accelerate our exploration on the new Xiabuxiabu- Stop model in 2015 and fully utilize business hours beyond rush hours during lunch and dinner time to improve our operating results, by supplementing our current model. Marketing with a focus on customer relationship management will also further increase customer stickiness. We also plan to fully utilize our over 50 million customer flow and initiate joint promotion programs with renowned brands in this big 
We will follow our five-year strategic plan to steadily expand our business. We plan to open 120 new stores in 2015 and further explore and penetrate into Shanxi, Henan, Hubei and Heilongjiang. During our expansion, we will continue to focus on new markets research and create synergies among functions of our internal departments such as business development, sales and marketing and operations departments so as to ensure the success of our new restaurants in emerging 
In terms of management of our food ingredients cost, we intend to maintain our cost competitiveness within the industry through entering framework agreements with our suppliers and formulating our procurement plan based on consumption forecast. In terms of management of our labor cost, we also intend to optimize restaurant layout, introduce new technologies and continuously improve operation management efficiency in response to the increasing labor cost.
In addition, we intend to enhance our brand value, strengthen strategic alliance with landlords, as well as open smaller size and higher return restaurants, thereby effectively control our rental expenses.
Organization and Employee Development 
In order to better understand the market and accelerate our market response, we will enhance our accountability system. The general manager of specific markets has overall responsibility for marketing and sales, restaurant openings and profit management in the respective local market. As to employee development, in addition to constantly implementing our management trainee project, we will continuously enhance our system of employee appraisal, training and promotion, to ensure a sustainable supply of talents. At the same time, we will also explore on the establishment of an efficient long- term store manager system.
In the past 16 years, Xiabuxiabu has established the model featuring in high profits and fast duplication by successfully building up the systemized management model of integrating procurement, delivery, operation and the standardized information system for the Group.
Despite a slightly lagging market, Xiabuxiabu has been striving for excellence as well as making continuous innovations, so as to live up to the expectations of the shareholders and the society as a whole in the 
My gratitude goes to the management team and all employees for their excellent work and contribution in the past year, to the support from the shareholders, business partners and all walks of life, as well as to their confidence in Xiabuxiabu. Judging from Xiabuxiabu s development over the past 16 years, I am very optimistic about Xiabuxiabu s prospects in the future. We are bound to become a powerful leading brand in Asia s catering sector and to build it as a home that is our employees joy and pride, an enterprise that our shareholders trust and are willing to invest in, as well as an industry leader with best social values.

Hong Kong, 18 March 2015 