Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a turnover amounting to HK$4,732 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2009, representing a decrease of 10.0% as compared with HK$5,258 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit for the year is HK$935 million, which is 3.9% lower than the previous year s consolidated profit of HK$974 million. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$2.38 (2008: HK$2.49).

In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and equity base, the Board of Directors has decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$1.20 (2008: HK$0.50) and a second special dividend of HK$0.40 (2008: NIL) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.20 (2008: HK$0.90) and first special dividend of HK$0.40 (2008: HK$0.50) per share paid in August 2009, the total dividend payment for year 2009 will be HK$2.20 (2008: HK$1.90) per share.

Having established its leadership position in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term not only by enlarging market share with its high-performance, diversified products but also by moving into untapped market space that provides the opportunity for highly profitable growth. There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has consistently managed to generate significant positive cash flow from operations for more than ten years.

Faced with a terrible start to the year, we would never have dreamt a year ago that we would once again set new records in 2009! After a sustained recovery in the semiconductor packaging equipment industry which started from the second quarter, the fourth quarter has been tremendous for the Company, setting quarterly records in almost every aspect of our business. We have achieved record quarterly profits, quarterly revenues and quarterly bookings. Based on our fourth quarter results, our business is now well above the pre-crisis level. This is an encouraging sign that ASM has progressed to a new phase of growth.
In fact, we had been breaking new records consistently during the past three years. In 2007, we achieved record billings and profits in the third quarter and record new order bookings in the fourth quarter. Even during the financial crisis, we broke the billings record in the second quarter of 2008. However, all these records have now been surpassed during the fourth quarter of 2009! These achievements not only highlight ASM s strength in depth to emerge unscathed from this crisis, but also its agility to skillfully navigate through the challenges posed by 
Our billing in the fourth quarter of 2009 was US$227 million. It exceeded the previous record set in the second quarter of 2008 by 9.2%. It represented a sequential increase of 12.2% over the preceding three months and a strong growth of 115.5% against the same period last year. Net profit for the quarter amounted to HK$459 million, surpassing the previous record attained in the preceding quarter by 14.6%.

Quarterly billings for both our equipment and lead frame businesses attained new records. During the fourth quarter, equipment revenue grew by 129.2% to US$180 million from the same period a year ago and increased by 12.2% from the preceding quarter. Lead frame revenue achieved an increase of 12.1% over the third quarter to US$47 million and a strong surge of 74.8% against the same period last year. Lead frame revenue represented 20.5% of the Group s revenue in the fourth quarter.
After setting a new record in the third quarter, our new order bookings continued to be strong in the fourth quarter. New order bookings during the last quarter of 2009 amounted to US$284 million, surpassing the previous record by 21.8%. As a result, our backlog at the end of 2009 was at an all-time high of US$211 
Due to two consecutive strong quarters, our performance in the second half of 2009 was the best in our history for any six-month period. Billings for the Group amounted to US$429 million, a strong sequential increase of 135.8% over the first half of the year and a growth of 42.5% over same period a year ago. Both our equipment and lead frame businesses set new half-yearly billing records. New order bookings for the six-month period were US$518 million, surpassing the half-a-billion dollar mark for the first time.
Judging from the first quarter of 2009, when business was in the doldrums and we suffered our first-ever quarterly losses, it could hardly have been expected that the pace of recovery from the second quarter onwards would be so remarkable. Notwithstanding the pessimism which prevailed in early 2009, we felt from the beginning that the abnormal situation was due to a severe overreaction. Whilst we had expected that the market would pick up after the Chinese New Year, we did not expect the high level of momentum that would 
China has confirmed its pole position in leading the world economy out of recession. In the first half of 2009, the demand for semiconductor equipment was largely driven by the stimulus programmes implemented by the Chinese government leading to strong domestic demand in China. Although China was leading the recovery at the tail end of the first half of the year, other countries started to gather momentum and closed the gap on China during the second half. They appeared to have also benefited from the strong domestic demand in China. The growth in demand for Light-Emitting Diodes ( LEDs ) was a further boost for the industry.
By the fourth quarter, our business has recovered to well above the pre-crisis level, surpassing all the past records.
The stellar results achieved in the second half have led ASM to again outperform its industry peers. Last year, we achieved a Group turnover of US$611 million and net profit of HK$935 million. This represents 10.0% and 3.9% contractions respectively over the previous year, which is primarily attributable to the very weak start to 2009. However, the relatively small decline as compared to 2008 demonstrates the substantial improvement experienced for the rest of the year. Return on capital employed and on sales were 31.3% and 
Last year, our equipment revenue was US$470 million, representing 76.9% of the Group s turnover and a decline of 11.3% over the previous year. ASM was again the top player in its industry, keeping the premier position we have held since 2002. Revenue for our lead frame business in 2009 was US$141 million, slowing by a relatively small 5.3%. This solid performance again highlights our strong market position in the lead frames business and promises solid future contributions to our revenue stream from the product.
New order bookings for 2009 amounted to a new record of US$769 million, which is an increase of 33.1% as compared to the previous year. Our book-to-bill ratio, representing net bookings over billings, was 1.26.

Our customer base continues to be well spread out.
China remains our largest market, and started to pick up strongly from the second quarter onwards. Slowly but surely, other territories are also starting to get back to pre-crisis levels, with the gap between our China market and our other markets starting to narrow as we progressed through the year. China, Taiwan, South Korea and Malaysia remain the greatest contributors to our sales, with the Korean market particularly benefiting from the strong demand at present for LEDs.
In 2009, our top 5 customers accounted for only 20.1% of the Group s revenue. A surge in demand from subcontractors during the later part of the year has led them to surpass the demand from IDMs. On the whole, all our products are demonstrating an upward trend, although there are naturally some products which are picking up sooner than others. Generally, our wire bonders and die bonders have been leading the recovery, with other products also benefiting from the growth trends. It is likely that all our products should at least reach or exceed our pre-crisis levels shortly.
We are seeing strong momentum in our copper wire bonders and copper wire bonding conversion kits. In the past year, we have shipped a record number of copper wire bonder conversion kits and copper wire bonders to our customers, and many of our gold wire bonders in the field have already been converted into copper wire bonders by now. ASM s premier position in copper wire bonding technology will propel further demand for its 
The success of our strategy of expanding our product line-up for LED applications was demonstrated by our LED sorters, test handlers and taping machines, which proved to be well-received by the market. In 2009, we have also successfully launched our LED encapsulation 
Excellent teamwork and strong dedication differentiate ASM from our peers.
Our strategy to pursue multiple application markets has once again proven to be very useful for coping with industry downturns. On hindsight, our strong performance was a result of many factors, such as our strong presence in China which is leading the recovery and the right product mix which meets the demanding requirements of our customers. We have the largest product portfolio to address both the semiconductor market and the LED market, which allowed ASM to take advantage of the strong growth in demand in the LED market during 2009. Our successful business strategy of not unnecessarily scaling down the Company during short-term fluctuations in demand has also served us well by enabling us to capture precious opportunities during the ensuing recovery. We are further assisted by our strong financial resources that allow us to take a long-term outlook. Last but not least, the culture of the Company and committed employees ensure that our business plans are successfully implemented.
Liquidity and Financial Resources We ended the last fiscal year in a very healthy financial position. Due to our aggressive working capital management through tight control of inventory and aggressive collection efforts, our year-ending cash position is at all-time high.
Cash on hand as of 31 December 2009 was HK$1,254 million (2008: HK$846 million). During the twelve- month period, HK$432 million was paid as dividends and HK$111 million was spent in capital investments, which were fully funded by the year s depreciation of HK$226 million. Actual capital investment commitments were higher than what is reported here since a large part of it was only committed during the last quarter of 2009. Total capital expenditures and commitment in 2009 was similar to the budgeted amount for the year.
Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year. Even with our aggressive collection efforts, due to strong sales activities in the past two quarters, accounts receivable have increased to 104.7 days sales outstanding (2008: 59.5 days).
Liquidity and Financial Resources 
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2009. Current ratio was 2.82, with a debt-equity ratio of 39.9%. As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past ten years. The Group s shareholders funds increased to HK$3,410 million as at 31 December 2009 (2008: 
The Group has moderate currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S.
dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and China Renminbi. Our limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors.
With no short-term needs and an on-going positive cash flow from organic growth operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings 
ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Even during the downturn last year, we decided early on that laying off employees would be a last resort in our cost reduction effort. All our cost reduction programmes were designed to have a minimal impact on the take-home pay of our employees. Therefore we received strong support from employees at all levels. We are glad that we have survived the downturn without any unnecessary scaling down of our operations. Ultimately, this helped the Group tremendously in coping with and taking advantage of the strong upturn momentum in the later part of the year.
Our goal is to become a total solution provider in the LED market which is set to enjoy a tremendous growth rate.
Recruiting and retaining high calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages, ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs.
In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual performance.
As of 31 December 2009, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 10,700 people.

Most analysts have predicted that the semiconductor industry is well-positioned for growth in 2010. Steadily- improving business trends throughout the second half of 2009 have led analysts to become bullish that the semiconductor equipment market will experience strong double-digit growth in 2010. They have even predicted that capital additions by companies in late this year may further ramp up demand in the semiconductor equipment industry into 2011.

Last year, the contribution of consumer electronics to the industry has once again been demonstrated, with improved consumer sentiment and demand being a major factor for the rapid recovery we have just witnessed. Semiconductor technology has become a key enabling technology for our modern lifestyles. Demand for consumer electronics will remain a major stimulus for growth for the near future.
In particular, the recent upswing in demand demonstrates the presence of a large group of consumers in China and elsewhere who are enthusiastically feeding the growth of consumer electronics to meet their lifestyle needs. These sources of demand should continue to drive prosperity in the coming years. The withdrawal of stimulus programmes to control the Chinese economy that is threatening to overheat is one possible drag to the pace of growth, but such withdrawal is likely to be at a measured and controlled rate.
The anticipated increases in corporate investment and business spending this year and infrastructure projects by the various governments will further support the nascent recovery in the global economy. Thus, the semiconductor industry is due to experience good times ahead, and the equipment industry should also be a major beneficiary.
Our confidence in the growing demand for LEDs in backlighting as well as general lighting has encouraged us to increase our range of equipment offered for LED applications beyond our present product line-up. By now, we almost have a full range of equipment to support the assembly of LEDs. We will further develop LED lead frames and packages for high-brightness LEDs. Our target is to become a total solution provider to the LED market in the near future.
ASM s premier position in copper wire bonding technology will propel further demand for its wire bonders.
ASM s management team has always sought to adopt a long-term business strategy that would enable the company both to ride on the crest of the good times and maintain its competitiveness and profitability. We will continue to adhere to our guiding philosophy of adopting long-term business strategies to strengthen our investments. These include offering multiple products serving diversified application markets, a customer- centric approach focusing on customer value creation, a vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low- cost manufacturing locations, and providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and lead frames to meet their ever- expanding new product requirements.

To be able to set so many new records in such a short time after the passing of the financial tsunami is a spectacular achievement. Our customers who continue to place their trust in us, our employees who have worked very hard to fulfil orders during this busy period as well as our suppliers have all been instrumental to our success. We would therefore like to thank all our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their contributions to the Company s success, and look forward to their continued support.
Arthur H. del Prado 
24 February 2010 