Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved turnover amounting to HK$2,604,823,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2003, representing an increase of 41.1% as compared with HK$1,846,016,000 for the previous year. The Group s consolidated net profit after tax for the year is HK$535,873,000 after deducting a one-time restructuring cost of HK$5,835,000 due to relocation of the Hong Kong leadframe plating operation to China; this is 88.2% higher than the previous year s net profit of HK$284,704,000.
Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$1.40 
An interim dividend of HK$0.36 (2002: HK$0.36) per share was paid in August 2003. Having established a solid foundation in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term through enlarging its market share with diversified, high performance products. There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has also managed to generate positive cash flow from operations in each of the past 15 years since its initial public offering (IPO) in late 1988. In view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the Board of Directors have decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$0.84 (2002: HK$0.64) per share payable on or around 28 April 2004, making a total payment of HK$1.20 (2002: HK$1.00) per share for the year ended 31 December 2003.
This translates into a 77.9% dividend payout ratio for the combined 2000-2003 periods and 86.1% on the current year profit; it represents a prudent decision to return current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group with the optimum shareholders funds.

For most of the last three years, the semiconductor and assembly & packaging equipment industries have been sailing under dismally grey skies, the sunny days of year 2000 replaced by dark clouds with little sign of a break and future prospects difficult to discern in the gloom. The slow recovery eventually started in the 2nd quarter of 2002, although there were some stronger and weaker quarters along the way. With the world s economy improving and prolonged Iraq war uncertainties removed, the growth of the semiconductor and its assembly equipment industries has been very much in line with industry analysts projections for 2003: the semiconductor industry by 12 - 17% in revenues, unit volume by 15.8% according to SIA and assembly & packaging equipment market by 25 - 32%.
In parallel with the improvement in stock markets since mid-2003, the semiconductor and assembly equipment industries also showed a markedly stronger 2nd half as compared with earlier in the year.
The strength of order inflows during the 4th quarter helped to convince the industry that it was not just a bubble in the recovery curve like the 2nd quarter. IC demands seem to be across the board especially for the latest BGA and chip scale packages (CSP), while fine pitch wire bonding and stacked die applications provide life to the capacity-driven wire and die bonder businesses.
Amidst an overall tough business environment during the first nine months and a sudden surge in demands for wire bonders in the 4th quarter, ASM once again outperformed its industry peers and maintained its number one position in the assembly & packaging equipment industry. We achieved a Group turnover of US$334.5 million and net profit of HK$535.9 million, a growth of 41.1% and 88.2% respectively, with both Group turnover and net profit representing the 2nd highest numbers in ASM s corporate history.
Return on capital employed and on sales were 30.7% and 22.4%, which are ASM s 3rd and 2nd record-highs respectively. With an exceptionally strong book-to-bill ratio for the last quarter, our ending order backlog as of 31 December 2003 was US$119 million (US$35 million as of 31 December 2002).

This result was largely due to the solid foundation laid over the years by the diversification of our products and application markets, efficient cost structure and successful introduction of new products in the last five years enlarging our market share. In 2003, sales attributable to our five largest customers combined were 36.9% of the total, with only one customer exceeding 10%, clear evidence of the success of our diversified market strategy. We also enjoyed a wide geographical spread mirroring the investment climate of the industry, with Taiwan being our largest (19.8%) market and followed by Mainland China (15.9%). For the latter, shipments (US$53.3 million) were substantially (51.0%) higher than the preceding year creating another new record for the territory.
The soft periods of the recent years provided valuable opportunities for ASM to launch market assaults with our new, high performance products and gain market share. Our current market share is the largest in the industry, and building on this our equipment business, which represented 83.1% of the Group s turnover in 2003, grew 48.4% to US$278 million, achieving a higher growth rate than all leading competitors. We enlarged the 2003 revenue gap between ourselves and our closest competitor to 18.5% , wider than the previous calendar year of 4.7% and the preceding twelve months (2H02 - 1H03) of 14.1%. Such strong business performance clearly reflects the endorsement of ASM s products and services by our valued customers, and distinguishes ASM from our peers. In a similar standout result, ASM s share price and market capitalization have grown by over 125% during the 2003 twelve- month period, reflecting the appreciation of our efforts by the 
Leadframe business, which accounts for 16.9% of the Group s turnover, grew 13.6% to US$56.5 million last year, higher than the market growth of 8.2% according to SEMI. The relocation of our stamped frames production to an integrated factory in Fu Yong, China was successfully completed as planned. We can now compete more aggressively, with space to double our output as and when required and a cost-efficient structure: reduced personnel and rental costs, shortened manufacturing lead time and minimal work-in-progress. Apart from installing a new etching line in our Singapore plant in the 4th quarter to enhance our QFN capacity and fine pitch capability, we have decided to build a 280,000 sq.ft.
factory in Pasir Gudang, Johor Bahru, Malaysia to be ready in early 2005, principally to house our leadframe activities. In addition to providing expansion space for our etched frame plating operation, we also intend to add stamping production to this new facility later in the year, to effectively address the stamped frame business in the Malaysia and Singapore markets. Initial project cost of US$12 million for the facility, plating lines and additional production machineries have been included in our 2004 capital 
While most of our competitors have been cutting headcounts and projects to minimize their cash drain, ASM in contrast has accelerated our technology and product developments. Last year we actually increased our R&D expenses to HK$218.4 million (2002: HK$187.0 million), representing 10.1% (2002:12.8%) of our equipment sales. With a 35 m fine pitch bond capability that is one generation ahead of our competitors, ASM s Eagle 60 gold wire bonder out-performed its competitors in many benchmarking exercises, enabling ASM to capture several new major IC accounts.
These include three top five American semiconductor companies for their state-of-the-art BGA, TQFP, image sensor and copper wire bonding applications, three leading subcons based in Singapore, Hong Kong and China, and two U.S. integrated device manufacturers (IDMs) all well-known in the semiconductor industry. With the advent of 300 mm. wafer and stacked die packaging, our high speed, innovative IC die bonder has been making steady inroads into the market, enlarging its market share and installed base.
As evidenced by the initial orders received, exciting new products such as our flip chip bonders and soft solder die attach have helped opening up opportunities in new market segments we did not serve in the past, thereby strengthening ASM s leadership in the chip 
While we have to deal with a much higher gold wire bonder production run rate resembling that last experienced in year 2000, increased work-in-progress due to our wider spectrum of new products and the short order lead time demanded by today s customers, the enterprise resources planning (ERP) software widely implemented within ASM worldwide in the recent years has proved to be a valuable tool in streamlining our logistics and inventory management. After two successive years of inventory reductions for a total of HK$186.0 million in 2001 and 2002, we only need to slightly (4.7%) raise our inventory by HK$23.7 million to HK$529.5 million in 2003, despite achieving an increased inventory turnover of 5.03 times, much better than the previous years. Combining the effect of the change in operating capital with earnings from operations, we generated a free cash flow of HK$392.6 million (2002: HK$358.8 million) during the year and a return on invested capital of 39.7% (2002: 19.6%).
LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES The Group s shareholders funds increased slightly to HK$1,915,502,000 as at 31 December 2003 (2002: HK$1,756,072,000). As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past four years.
Although HK$383.3 million was paid as dividends and HK$160.5 million was spent in capital investments during the twelve-month period, due to good control of working capital and strong positive cash flow, cash on hand as of 31 December 2003 was slightly increased to HK$513,078,000 (2002: HK$465,569,000). In fact, majority of the capital investments were funded by the current year s depreciation of HK$153.5 million.
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2003. Current ratio was 3.2. Account receivables are mostly from the 4th quarter shipments and have been tightly monitored during the year, resulting in 96.4 days sales outstanding.
The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in US dollars. On the other hand, its disbursements were mainly in US dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars and Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payables in yen to Japanese vendors.

The Group adopts a competitive remuneration package for its employees. Aside from salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies.
In addition, based on the Group s financial results and individual performance, discretionary bonus and bonus shares may be granted to eligible staff. In general, salary review is conducted annually. The Group is committed to continue its rigorous staff development and 
As at 31 December 2003, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 6,200 people.

Allowing for an improving US economy in an election year, a stronger spending outlook from consumers and the continuing penetration by semiconductor content into new end markets, most industry analysts such as Dataquests, VLSI Research, SIA, IC Insights, Semico, iSuppli and WSTS currently predict a strong 20+% (Range 17 - 29%) growth for the semiconductor industry in 2004, to be followed by moderate growths in 2005 and 2006. IC unit volume is expected to rise 13.2% according to In-Stat. Chip scale packages like QFN and stacked packages have been designed into the latest generation of wireless communication and hand held products, and are thus expected to have accelerated growth.

For the assembly equipment market, most pundits (Dataquest, SEMI, VLSI) have projected very optimistic 38 - 40% growth for 2004 and further strong double-digit increase (20 - 35%) for 2005.
While the memory of the past 2 - 3 depressed years remains fresh, sceptics may consider such projection too ambitious. Fortunately the stock market has turned more positive towards high tech companies in the recent months. Hopefully money will become more accessible to fund the capital expenditure of our customers, resulting in a lucrative assembly equipment market in a bumper 
On the ASM front, we have been aggressively adding parts- fabrication machines to boost output and contain our equipment delivery lead time well within customer-acceptable limits. Recently we have also taken up additional 28,000 sq.ft. and 20,000 sq.ft.
floor spaces in our Hong Kong and China plants. We have also simultaneously beefed up our sales and service, production and product development staffs to cope with the increasing order backlog, which has gone back to the year 2000 level. Together with our Malaysian leadframe project, investments to upgrade our leadframe manufacturing, R&D capabilities and information technology infrastructure, capital investment planned for 2004 is 
To reinforce our strategic partnerships with key customers, we support them with different packaging solutions using ASM equipment and leadframes, such as: stacked die, image sensor assembly, high brightness LED, power devices bonded with copper wires, QFN packaging, etc. Combining our process knowledge in die bonding, flip chip, wire bonding, encapsulation and leadframe design, ASM s solution selling strategy markedly differentiates us from all our competitors and has proven time after time to unlock the doors of customers not accessible by a standalone product 
By continuously offering customers improved added value propositions based on our equipment products to satisfy their changing needs, ASM can maintain its industry leadership position. Our customers are facing numerous tough challenges.
Advanced wafer fabrication presents low k dialectric, finer line width and copper interconnect problems. Demands in miniaturization, speed and electrical device performance need to be addressed by stacked die, flip chip and wafer level packages.
Coupled with state-of-the-art line width, 300mm wafers significantly reduce the die cost per assembled IC, making IC assembly the relatively more expensive process. Driven by market forces to continuously offer reduced prices in electronic goods, our customers are faced with huge pressures to reduce costs while still needing to invest in the new generation of bonding equipment to assemble these advanced packages.

Innovative solutions are called for, and so ASM has developed and mapped out a portfolio of die, wire and flip chip bonder products geared for different die sizes, attachment processes, pad pitch requirements and cost objectives. New series of IC die and wire bonders with significant productivity enhancement are scheduled to be launched this year, and these will solidify our leadership position in the die attachment and wire bonding markets. In pursuance of our customer intimacy strategy, we are concurrently developing a number of solutions for attaching lenses to image sensors, adopting flip chip thermosonic processes to assemble bright LEDs, bonding 4-6 mil copper wire to replace thicker aluminium wires in power packages, and integrating several processes into one wafer level or test handler. Providing what our customers want in niche applications helps further cement the business relationship, leading to opportunities in other mainstream products.
With the business foundation laid over the years by our diversified products serving different application markets, market leadership in die and wire bonders generating capacity-related business in boom times, process and enabling technologies resulting in a stream of exciting new products, and vertical integration in product design and manufacturing achieving the most competitive cost structure, ASM is well-positioned to benefit from the current thriving market environment and future challenges.

Last year I promised that we were fully prepared to take aggressive advantage of the coming market recovery and extend our lead over our competitors: we did and that has happened. The fact that my prediction came true was due to the ongoing efforts and dedication of the many men and women who are employed by ASM, and on behalf of the Board I would again like to place on record our appreciation of their performance during the past year. We may make machines, but our company is made by people, and our results show we have some of the best.
I also said last year that we had no intention of resting on our laurels, and that holds true now: in the coming year we will be pushing even harder to achieve better solutions for our clients and to take the ASM quality message to every corner of the market.
We have the products, we have the capabilities and most important of all, we have the people.
Arthur H. del Prado 
24 February 2004 