Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a turnover amounting to HK$5,258 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2008, representing a decrease of 2.5% as compared with HK$5,393 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit for the year is HK$974 million, which is 23.3% lower than the previous year s consolidated profit of HK$1,269 million. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$2.49 (2007: 
In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and equity base, the Board of Directors has decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$0.50 (2007: final dividend of HK$1.10 and second special dividend of HK$0.40) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.90 (2007: HK$0.70) and first special dividend of HK$0.50 (2007: HK$0.60) per share paid in August 2008, the total dividend payment for year 2008 will be HK$1.90 (2007: HK$2.80) per share.

Having established its leadership position in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term not only by enlarging market share with its high-performance, diversified products but also by moving into untapped market space that provides the opportunity for highly profitable growth. The Group has consistently managed to generate significant positive cash flows from operations and there is no short term need for major cash outlay.

The past financial year has effectively been a year of two halves. During the first six months of 2008, the company s performance was impressive, ultimately achieving record equipment and lead frame turnover during the second quarter.
Despite the warning signs of an emerging downturn appearing on the horizon last year, ASM was successful in grasping the opportunities which were then available.
However, the global economic conditions started to seriously deteriorate during the third quarter. The semiconductor industry (including ASM) is not immune from the problems spilling over from other major sectors of the economy.
Over the past few years, ASM has consistently outperformed its industry peers.
Last year, we achieved a Group turnover of US$675 million and net profit of HK$974 million. This represents 2.5% and 23.3% contraction respectively over the previous year, although one should bear in mind that 2007 was an unprecedented year in which record turnover and profits were attained. The contraction was mainly attributable to the latter part of the year, during which almost all our products were affected by the growing economic malaise, although the performance for the year was boosted by the strong first half showing. Return on capital employed and on sales were 38.5% and 20.8%, which continues to reflect ASM s industry leadership and the consistently growing acceptance of our products and services.

We again saw strong demand from IDMs and the smaller subcontractors, accounting for far more orders as compared to the world s largest subcontractors. Our geographical and product diversification continues to be well spread out. On a geographical basis, China, Taiwan and Malaysia are still the greatest contributors to our sales. China remains our largest market, with Taiwan coming in second. The gap between China and Taiwan had increased from 43.4% in 2007 to 109.2% in 2008. In 2007, our top 5 customers accounted for only 19.4% of the Group s revenue, whereas in 2008, our top 5 customers accounted for even less of the Group s revenue, at 15.5%, demonstrating the growing acceptance of the Group s products by a larger pool of 
Last year, our equipment revenue was US$527 million, representing 78.1% of the Group s turnover and a decline of 4.7% over the previous year. ASM was again the top player in its industry, keeping the premier position we have held since 2002. We have again widened the gap between ourselves and our closest rival from US$187 million in 2007 to US$303 million in 2008, representing a lead of over 135.0%. Significantly, this was achieved through our conservative path of organic growth whereas some of our peers have sought to grow through mergers and acquisitions. Our lead frame business continues to grow and our lead frames revenue in 2008 was a record US$148 million, growing by 6.5%, largely as a result of a strong gain in market share. This highlights the success of our efforts to further enhance our market position in the lead frames business.
Our BEP business unit has demonstrated solid progress.
It achieved double-digit growth over 2007. This again validates the investments which we have made in our BEP business unit, and we see it as an important driver of future growth for the company.
New order bookings for 2008 amounted to US$578 million, which is a decrease of 21.7% as compared to the previous year. Book-to-bill ratio, representing net bookings over billings, was 0.86.
Notwithstanding the strong overall results for the year, we could not avoid the effects of the industry downturn which gathered pace towards the end of the year. The financial tsunami triggered by the sub-prime mortgage crisis in the United States and its aftershocks have spread worldwide faster than anyone could have anticipated.
Many countries in the world are either officially in recession, or have experienced sharp falls in economic growth. In this uncertain environment, it is not surprising that companies would cut back on capital expenditure and even lay-off their staff, and the situation is further aggravated by the current credit crunch which makes it more difficult for companies to invest in capital 
Our strategy to pursue multiple application markets had proven to be very successful for ASM in the past, particularly in coping with industry downturns. However, this time, due to the simultaneous contraction of all the application markets that we serve, ASM suffered its biggest quarterly drop in both billing and booking in the fourth quarter of 2008. Admittedly, since the fourth quarter is usually a seasonally low period, that would also have contributed to the decline.
During the fourth quarter of 2008, Equipment revenue decreased by 46.8% to US$79 million from the same period a year ago and decreased by 48.7% from the preceding quarter. Lead frame revenue decreased by 35.9% from the same quarter last year to US$26 million and decreased by 37.0% from the preceding quarter. Lead frame revenue contributed to 25.3% of the Group s turnover.
Structural Cost Reduction Initiative Expanding automation in our manufacturing has been identified as one of the means to achieve our goal of permanent lower cost 
As a result of the widespread falls in demand, our bookings have been declining faster than billings, and our backlog has markedly deteriorated in the fourth quarter. New order bookings for the fourth quarter of 2008 amounted to US$35 million, which is a sharp fall of 78.4% as compared to the preceding three months and a decrease of 83.4% from same period last year.
Our order backlog which was at US$150 million at the beginning of the year has now shrunk to US$53 million as of 31 December 2008. Our overall book-to-bill ratio for the previous quarter dropped to only 0.33.
Notwithstanding the reduction in our gross margin, it is notable that our successful cost reduction has so far allowed us to remain profitable in the fourth quarter in spite of deteriorating market conditions. We achieved our target of 10% cost reduction by the end of 2008 as compared to the preceding quarter. We are making progress towards further cost reductions in 2009. Our focus is on streamlining our business and manufacturing processes, adopting automation in our manufacturing and achieving significant reduction of our product costs. The benefits of such cost reduction efforts will continue to be reflected in subsequent quarters and it will considerably improve our gross margin when the 
Liquidity and Financial Resources We recognize that liquidity is the key to survive this once-in-a-century financial crisis. We are of the opinion that we are still in a healthy financial position. Due to our aggressive working capital management through reduction of inventory and aggressive collection efforts, our year-ending cash position is similar to that of a year ago although sales in the fourth quarter were significantly lower. As we continue to convert our working capital into cash, we expect our strong cash position to be maintained in the near future.
Cash on hand as of 31 December 2008 was HK$846 million (2007: HK$778 million). During the twelve- month period, HK$1,133 million was paid as dividends and HK$241 million was spent in capital investments.
A good portion of the capital investments was funded by the year s depreciation of HK$219 million. Accounts receivable have been tightly monitored during the year and with our aggressive collection efforts together with lower sales during the fourth quarter, accounts receivable have been reduced to 59.5 days sales outstanding (2007: 
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2008.
Current ratio was 2.99, with a debt-equity ratio of 32.2%. As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past nine years. The Group s shareholders funds decreased slightly to HK$2,864 million as at 31 December 2008 (2007: 
The Group has moderate currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars.
On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars, Malaysian Ringgit and Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payable in yen to Japanese vendors.
After consideration of our cash flow needs for the next few quarters and in anticipation of ongoing positive cash flow from organic growth operations, ASM management is of the view that the cash on hand available permits us to continue to recommend returning part of the Group s excessive cash holdings to shareholders in the form of dividends. However, in view of the potential challenges ahead, we have decided to adopt a more conservative approach in dividend payout. We will continue to seek ways to reward our shareholders while maximizing the utilization of our resources. We will also closely monitor the further development of the macroeconomic conditions and make necessary adjustments.
Strategic Investment on R&D ASM s commitment in R&D has become one of its competitive advantages. The setting up of our 3rd R&D centre in Chengdu, Sichuan, China last year will significantly enhance our R&D capability and capacity and will enable ASM to lower its R&D costs in the long 
ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies.
Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual performance.
In order to control costs, recruitment has been frozen since October 2008. As of 31 December 2008, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was 10,063 people.
It represents a reduction of 4.8% as compared to the end of the third quarter last year, mainly through natural attrition in ASM s production facilities in China and Malaysia. However, we recognize that it is still about 1% higher than a year ago. It is likely that in the absence of any major change to the current economic conditions, we shall allow further attrition to occur to a level which optimizes the company s long-term competitiveness.

We do not expect a fast recovery of the semiconductor industry from its current malaise. In our view, unless there is a drastic about-turn in the world economy, our performance in 2009 will be worse than in 2008. The current downturn may be more severe than the one in 2001. The 2001 downturn was related more to excess supply rather than what appears to be today s problem of weak demand, which is potentially more worrisome.
In the case of weak demand, recovery may take more time. Still, following the stimulus packages which have been announced by the governments in all the major markets that we operate in, it is hopeful that the tide will turn soon with improved consumer sentiment and 
Based upon seasonal demand patterns, the first quarter of 2009 may see further decline as compared to the fourth quarter of 2008. Many of our customers have shut down production for the Christmas, New Year and Chinese Lunar New Year holidays. As a result, there is little impetus for production expansion during this period. Some people believe that there may have been an overreaction to the current economic situation, but only time will tell.
Some analysts have predicted that, after a dismal 2009, a recovery in semiconductor capital expenditure will materialize only in 2010 and 2011, with the second quarter of 2009 being the first quarter of a possible initial recovery. In all, some people forecast that semiconductor revenue will be down in excess of 20% in 2009, with liquidity and capital constraints being major impediments on the semiconductor industry as a whole. Nevertheless, it is arguable that there is not enough visibility at present to give accurate forecasts given the signs of panic in 
Although the macroeconomic situation is not within our control, we can implement measures to put our own house in order to better ride through the downturn.
Cost reduction and liquidity can be used as a means to reshape and refocus our business. In order to prepare for the rebound in the world economy, we are particularly looking into innovative efforts to improve our long-term cost advantages. For the purpose of achieving the cost reduction targets which we have set for ourselves by the end of this year and to attain a lower permanent cost structure, we intend to focus on streamlining our business and manufacturing processes, driving down the costs of our products, reducing our time to market and driving automation in our manufacturing.
The global economic slowdown is expected to cause a major change in consumer spending patterns. When the economy normalizes once again, it is expected that consumer demand will increasingly shift towards lower-priced products. It is thus likely that a lot of semiconductor production capacity may either be installed or converted to meet this shift. ASM s R&D strategy will also be re-aligned accordingly. In the next 12 months, more R&D resources and effort will be devoted to introducing new generations of products that will address the need for cost-competitive products.
During the past two years, ASM has been developing a new platform called the NuMotion platform, which benefits from the multi-core computational power of the state-of-the-art processors used in our equipment for increasing processing speed, coupled with the adoption of optical fibre technology to replace traditional copper wires. When implemented, a single optical fibre cable may serve to replace multiple copper cables. This approach is expected to significantly bring down both the electronic hardware and system assembly costs of our equipment while simultaneously delivering improved performance. It is one of the pillars that ASM will build upon for its new generation of cost-competitive 
Solid Progress in Back End Products Our Back End Products business unit has demonstrated solid progress.
It achieved double-digit growth over 2007. This again validates the investments which we have made in back end products, and we see it as an important driver of future growth for the Company.

We believe that the recovery of the world economy will very likely be an unsynchronized one with the emerging economies, such as China, leading the recovery. If this scenario is to happen, ASM will be in a prime position to benefit from it.
Since there is no need to increase our production capacity at this time due to the weak market conditions, our capital expenditure in 2009 is likely to be lower than in 2008, and such capital expenditure is likely to be fully funded by depreciation. There are no plans at present to increase any factory space to bolster our production capacity. On the other hand, we continue to invest in R&D, and our new R&D centre in Chengdu, Sichuan, China is progressing at the projected pace. The main utilization of our capital expenditure this year will be for R&D activities to improving our competitive edge, the strengthening of our management information system (MIS), as well as for increasing the scope of automation of our production. In the present fast-changing market conditions, it is probably unrealistic to adhere to a rigid plan for the current year. Instead, we will have to be flexible and modify our plan as necessary according to the changing conditions.
ASM s management team has always sought to adopt a long-term business strategy that would enable the company both to ride on the crest of the good times and maintain its competitiveness and profitability even in the face of a slowdown. We will continue to adhere to our guiding philosophy of adopting long-term business strategies to strengthen our investments. These include offering multiple products serving diversified application markets, customer-centric focusing on customer value creation, vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low-cost manufacturing locations, and providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and lead frames to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements.
Management is confident that ASM s strong financial background, advanced in-house developed enabling technologies, extensive marketing network and dedicated employees will help the company to surmount the current challenges and to emerge stronger. Semiconductor technology has become a key enabling technology for our modern lifestyles. After the downturn and when the robust growth of emerging economies like China, India and other Asian countries continues unabated, we are confident that the future demand for semiconductor devices will again grow at a healthy pace.

The semiconductor industry is presently going through a tumultuous period. The management recognizes and is grateful for the efforts of all of our staff, many of whom have had to make sacrifices during this time to maintain the competitiveness of the Company. We also wish to place on record our appreciation to all our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their continued support and contributions to the success of the Company.
Arthur H. del Prado 
25 February 2009 
We have made significant advancement in compression molding technology which is applicable in areas such as wafer level packages, high brightness LED and other optical devices.
