Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a record turnover amounting to HK$5,393 million in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2007, representing an increase of 18.4% as compared with HK$4,556 million for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profit for the year is HK$1,269 million, which is 10.4% higher than the previous year s consolidated profit of HK$1,149 million. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$3.26 
In view of the Company s continuing strong liquidity and rising equity base, the Board of Directors has decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$1.10 (2006: HK$1.00) and a second special dividend of HK$0.40 (2006: HK$0.20) per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.70 (2006: HK$0.70) and first special dividend of HK$0.60 (2006: HK$0.75) per share paid in August 2007, total dividend payment for year 2007 will be HK$2.80 (2006: HK$2.65) per share.

This is in line with our prudent policy, as stated in the past several financial result announcements, of returning current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group with the optimal shareholders fund. Having established its leadership position in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term not only by enlarging market share with its high-performance, diversified products but also by moving into untapped market space that provides the opportunity for highly profitable growth.
There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has consistently managed to generate significant positive cash flow from operations in the past ten years.

Last year was another record-setting year for the Company, during which we successfully surpassed the historical highs achieved in 2006 on the back of another year of strong growth. The growth was broad-based, with improvements seen across all our major products, breaking new records and setting new benchmarks for each of these products.
Although we encountered some softening in the general market towards the end of 2006 which resulted in a slow start to the first quarter of 2007, our order intakes began to rebound during the first quarter and the momentum continued unabated throughout the rest of the year. From the second to fourth quarters, the growth was strong and sustained, setting new records for quarter-on-quarter as well as year-on-year growth. It was also encouraging that, in the fourth quarter, we did not experience the usual seasonal lows of the past towards the end of the year. Our strong performance clearly demonstrated that we were able to react faster to market changes as compared to our peers when the market picked up after the first quarter.

Consumer electronics, such as personal computers, mobile phones, flat- panel displays, MP3 players and digital cameras continued to be the driver of growth for the semiconductor industry in 2007. This source of demand has remained fairly strong for some time. The consumer electronics market is now estimated to absorb 50% of semiconductor output and will continue to grow. According to several leading industry analysts, the growth in the semiconductor industry ranged from 3-6% in 2007. While the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment market is generally estimated to have grown by about 10% during the same period, the actual performance of different equipment suppliers varied. Two out of the top five semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment suppliers reported increased sales in 2007, ASM being one, but the remaining three experienced a drop in their 2007 sales revenue. Significantly, these powerful results reflect a consistent, ongoing gain in market share for ASM, with our broad product portfolio and calculated product mix contributing to our good performance.
Over the past few years, ASM has consistently outperformed its industry peers. Last year, we achieved a Group turnover of US$691 million and net profit of HK$1,269 million, both of which are new records for ASM. This represents 18.4% and 10.4% growth respectively over the previous year.
Return on capital employed and on sales were 49.2% and 26.4%. Such a strong financial performance clearly reflects ASM s industry leadership and the consistently growing acceptance of our products and services, putting us in a favourable position to further build upon our gains. Our overall book-to-bill ratio, representing net bookings over billings, was 1.07 for the year, an increase year-on-year from the preceding year. In addition, our ending order backlog as of 31 December 2007 was US$150 million.
This remarkable performance is a clear indication that my long time business partner and co-founder of ASM, Patrick Lam, not only built a very successful business during his tenure but also developed a very good team of people at the Company. It is through these people that ASM has continued to make outstanding progress after Patrick s retirement last year. The legacies of his many successes are reflected in the strong ASM culture that has been inculcated, the long-term and farsighted business strategies that still drive the Company, and the capable management team that has been groomed to succeed him.
ASM has built a solid business foundation based on diversified products serving broad application markets. Our financial performance in recent years is unambiguous evidence of the success of this strategy. Coming out of the industry recession in 2001, both our equipment business and lead frames business have been growing at a CAGR of around 23% from 2001 to 2007.
Last year, our equipment revenue hit a new record of US$552 million, equivalent to 79.9% of the Group s turnover, representing a growth of 20.3% over the previous year. ASM was again the top player in its industry, keeping the premier position we have held since 2002. We widened the gap between ourselves and our closest rival to US$187 million, representing a lead of over 50.9%. Significantly, our lead frame business continues to grow at a rate higher than the market. Our lead frames revenue in 2007 was a record of US$139 million, growing by 11.3%, largely as a result of a strong gain in market share. This highlights the success of our efforts to further enhance our market position in the lead frames business.

Our new products introduced in 2007 were well received.
" The AD830 die bonder, which is designed for achieving high productivity for small-die applications, has been one of the most successful products in the company s history.
" In the area of Chip-on-Board (COB) aluminium wire bonders, the performance of our Cheetah TM offers unmatched performance levels over that of our competitors equivalent products.
" Our Chip-on-Glass (COG) bonders have completed successful and promising field testing, and appear to have garnered strong market 
" Our new generation gold wire bonder, the Eagle Xtreme TM , has been sent out to customers for field testing and bench-marking; its excellent performance has made a strong impression on our target market.
" Our encapsulation solutions group continues to be recognized and chosen by customers as their new package development partner.
" Our open-tool high density matrix lead frames offer good value propositions to customers. To address the growing demand for MSL 1 (moisture sensitivity level 1) lead frames, besides offering the brown oxide treatment for Ag plated lead frames, we have developed the micro-etching solution for NiPd pre-plated frames (PPF). Field testing results show that it delivers superior performance than solutions offered by other lead frames suppliers.
ASM not only enhances customer value by constantly developing new products delivering higher performance at significantly lower costs, but also through outstanding customer service. Last year, our encapsulation solutions group was honored with an award by one of our key customers for going beyond the call of duty to provide a solution for the customer that involved re-using an existing molding machine. The solution was low cost, and enabled them to meet a tight production schedule, thereby contributing positively to the customer s results. Such efforts have enhanced ASM s reputation as not just an equipment supplier, but also as a trusted partner and total-solutions provider.
Liquidity and Financial Resources Cash on hand as of 31 December 2007 was HK$778 million (2006: HK$915 million). During the twelve-month period, HK$972 million was paid as dividends and HK$321 million was spent in capital investments. A good portion of the capital investments was funded by the year s depreciation of HK$198 million. While account receivables have been tightly monitored during the year, with record billings they have slightly increased to 81.2 days sales outstanding (2006: 71.1 days).
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2007. Current ratio was 2.72, with a debt-equity ratio of 37.6%. As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past eight years. The Group s shareholders funds increased slightly to HK$2,950 million as at 31 December 2007 (2006: HK$2,562 million).
Liquidity and Financial Resources continued The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U.S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars and Renminbi.
The limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payables in yen to Japanese vendors.
With no short-term needs and an on-going positive cash flow from organic growth operations, our cash on hand permits ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to our shareholders.

ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Recruiting and retaining high calibre employees is always of high priority in ASM. Besides offering competitive remuneration packages ASM also commits to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes, medical and training subsidies. Discretionary bonus and incentive shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s financial results and individual performance.
As of 31 December 2007, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 10,000 people.

Although there have recently been much-publicized uncertainties in the global economy brought about by the sub-prime turmoil, volatile stock markets and record high oil prices, we are of the view that the fundamentals of the semiconductor industry remain healthy. In our own experience, our fourth quarter results were better than we had anticipated despite the onset of these macro-economic factors, as well as the fact that the end of a year is traditionally a slower period due to seasonal demand pattern.
Spending on consumer electronic products will certainly continue to be an important driver of growth for the semiconductor industry. If consumer confidence and spending are affected by economic uncertainties, it is logical to assume that the reduced demand may spread to the semiconductor market. On the other hand, there are convincing arguments made by leading economists that the Asian economies are more decoupled from the US economy than ever before. If that is correct, even if the US economy slips into a recession, it will not drag the Asian economies into a corresponding recession even though overall growth rates may be slowed. Some industry analysts have also argued that since the end market determines the ultimate demand for semiconductor devices, even if there is a mild recession, the consumer electronics market should continue to grow. At the moment, 
Record Group turnover of US$691 million, a growth of 18.4% over the previous year, far exceeding the industry average growth.

home-grown demand in the Asian economies still appears to be strong. The semiconductor industry is forecast to grow by another 6-12% in 2008.
After the strong growth experienced in 2007, some industry analysts have predicted that the global assembly and packaging equipment industry will experience single-digit growth of about 6% in 2008, but may contract by about 8% in 2009.
ASM s management team has always sought to adopt a long-term business strategy that would enable the Company both to ride on the crest of the good times and maintain its competitiveness and profitability even in the face of a slowdown. Whilst we do not rule out the prospect of a slowdown in the semiconductor industry, we will continue to adhere to our guiding philosophy of adopting long-term business strategies to strengthen our investments. These include growing our business by investing in new and cutting-edge technology, as well as investing in gradual and sustained increases in capacity.
ASM s solid business success has been built upon a set of proven business 
" offering multiple products serving diversified application markets; " customer-centric focusing on customer value creation; " vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low-cost 
" providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and lead frames to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements.
We will continue using these winning strategies to pursue internal organic growth while exploring untapped market potentials. Management is confident that ASM s strong financial background, advanced in-house developed enabling technologies, extensive marketing network and dedicated employees will continue to support the Company s long term success.

After another year of robust growth, we wish to place on record our appreciation to all our employees, customers, suppliers and stakeholders for their continued support and contributions to the success of the Company.
Arthur H. del Prado 
27 February 2008 
ASM recognizes human resources as one of the Company s most important assets. Teamwork among our employees has always been encouraged and practiced as a corporate culture.

