Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacific Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved turnover amounting to HK$1,846,016,000 in the fiscal year ended 31 December 2002, representing an increase of 18.3% as compared with HK$1,560,227,000 for the previous year. The Group s consolidated net profit after tax for the year is HK$284,704,000 after deducting a one-time restructuring cost of HK$20,000,000 due to relocation of the Hong Kong leadframe plating operation to China; this is 23.1% higher than the previous year s net profit of HK$231,246,000.
Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$0.75 
An interim dividend of HK$0.36 (2001: HK$0.36) per share was paid in August 2002. Having established a solid foundation in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term through enlarging its market share with diversified, high performance products. There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has also managed to generate positive cash flow in each of the past few years. In view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the Board of Directors have decided to recommend a final dividend of HK$0.64 (2001: HK$0.64) per share payable on or around 28 April 2003, making a total payment of HK$1.00 (2001: HK$1.00) per share for the year ended 31 December 2002. This translates into a 75.2% dividend payout ratio for the combined 2000-2002 periods, and represents a prudent decision to return current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group with the optimum shareholders funds.

In a year when all our leading assembly and packaging equipment competitors were in the red and experienced revenue decline, ASM once again outperformed its industry peers, dethroning the industry leader since inception to become the world s number one in the assembly and packaging equipment industry and achieving an 18.3% higher turnover of US$236.7 million (2001: US$200 million).
Turnover by Geographical Location (HK$ 000) 
Return on capital employed and on sales were 17.1% and 16.0% respectively, in line with previous years in spite of tough market 
This result was largely due to the solid foundation laid over considerable time by the diversification of our products and application markets, an efficient cost structure and successful introductions of new products enlarging our market share. In 2002, sales attributable to our five largest customers combined were less than 25% of the total, with no single customer exceeding 10%, clear evidence of the success of our diversified market strategy.
After depletion of excessive inventory in the electronics supply chain during 2001, semiconductor industry output in 2002 started to reflect true end product demand. Overshadowed by the world s weak economy, war uncertainty and poor stock markets across the globe, lower-priced electronic goods have unfortunately not stimulated as much demand or investment as hoped. Although certain semiconductor companies reported their unit volumes recovering to those of their past peak and an industry analyst - InStat - predicted an 18% unit growth for the industry, most semiconductor industry observers (Dataquest, IC Insights, iSuppli, WSTS, SIA, VLSI Research) concluded that due to pressure on average selling prices there was only 1-2% revenue growth during 
Paralleling this slow upturn, the semiconductor assembly equipment industry came out of its trough and began its recovery late in the first quarter of 2002. Unfortunately, the strong equipment order momentum shown in the second quarter did not continue for the rest of the year, and order inflows weakened sequentially in the following quarters. Customers were extremely cautious in adding capacity, and waited until demands had been firmed up. Most equipment purchases for IC packaging were related to technological advancement such as fine pitch wire bonding and new package types like QFN.

After a 70% drop in 2001, all our leading equipment competitors experienced further revenue decline in 2002. In fact, various analysts (Dataquest, VLSI and SEMI) estimated the fall of the assembly and packaging equipment market was in the range of 9-30%. Many people described this slowdown as the steepest and longest in the history of the semiconductor equipment industry.
As with the 1998 and 2001 soft periods, this slowdown created valuable opportunities for ASM to launch market assaults with our new, high performance products and gain market share. Our equipment business, which represented 79% of the Group s turnover in 2002, grew 17.5% last year. We outstripped the competitor who had led the industry since its beginning, becoming the world s number one in the assembly and packaging equipment industry in 2002. In a similar standout result, our leadframe sales rose by 21.6% over the same period, much higher than the market growth of 10.1% according to SEMI. The resilience of our business performance in the face of such major industry fluctuations clearly distinguishes ASM from our competitors, paving our way for further corporate developments in the coming years.
Whilst most of our competitors have been cutting headcount and projects to minimize their haemorrhaging cash flow, ASM in contrast has accelerated our technology and product developments. Last year we actually increased our R&D expenses to HK$186.98 million (2001: HK$166.40 million), representing 12.8% (2001:13.4%) of our equipment sales. Launched in mid 2002, our Eagle 60 wire bonder, capable of 35m fine pitch bonding, further strengthened ASM s leadership position and protected our market turf. In the past few months, the Eagle 60 has run through a number of benchmarking and customer qualifications with existing and new customers, for both integrated device manufacturers (IDMs) and packaging companies (subcons), all with favourable results.
While some of these field evaluations are still continuing, volume production has successfully migrated to this new model during the fourth quarter of last year.
Other exciting new products, such as our high speed, innovative IC and discrete die bonders, our precision flip chip bonder, die sorter, matrix test handler and tape & reel finishing system likewise all crossed over to their volume production phase. These new products solidified our premier position in the die and wire bonder markets, as well as widening our customer base by addressing new market segments we did not serve in the past.

Although we have had to deal with various product transitions, increased work-in-progress due to our wider spectrum of new products and the short order lead time demanded by today s customers, the enterprise resource planning (ERP) software widely implemented within ASM worldwide in the recent years has proved to be a valuable tool in streamlining our logistics and inventory management. In 2002, we managed to reduce our total inventory by HK$101.4 million or 16.7% compared with twelve months ago.
Combining the effect of such inventory reduction with earnings from operations, we generated a free cash flow of HK$358.8 million during the year and a return on invested capital of 19.6%.
Liquidity and Financial Resources The Group s shareholders funds decreased slightly to HK$1,756,072,000 as at 31 December 2002 (2001: HK$1,829,047,000). As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past three years.
Although HK$381.6 million was paid as dividends and HK$100.8 million was spent in capital investments during the twelve-month period, due to reduction of inventory and strong positive cash flow, cash on hand as of 31 December 2002 was slightly reduced to HK$465,569,000 (2001: HK$478,487,000). In fact, all capital investments were funded by the current year s depreciation of 
With no bank borrowing except for a JPY53 million loan, raised to hedge against our yen-based assets exposure to currency fluctuation, ASM achieved an all bank debt to equity ratio of only 0.2% in 2002. Current ratio was 3.96. Receivables were tightly monitored during the year, resulting in 80.8 days sales outstanding.
The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in US dollars. On the other hand, its disbursements were mainly in US dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars and Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were covered by some accounts payables in yen to Japanese vendors and the hedging loan as stated above.

The Group adopts a competitive remuneration package for its employees. Aside from salary payments, other benefits include contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies.
In addition, based on the Group s financial results and individual performance, discretionary bonus and bonus shares may be granted to eligible staff. In general, salary review is conducted annually.
The Group is committed to continue its rigorous staff development and training programs.
As at 31 December 2002, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 5300 people.

The world economy may have slowed down but electronic goods continue to proliferate in our daily lives, and this trend, especially with regard to mobile communication and other wireless devices, seems set to continue. Industry analysts (Dataquest, iSuppli, IC Insights, SIA, VLSI Research, SEMI) currently predict a 12-23% growth for the semiconductor industry in 2003, followed by strong double-digit growth in 2004. Integrated circuits (IC) output is expected to rise more than 10% according to InStat, while SEMI figures show packaging material like leadframes increasing by 8.2%.
Chip scale packages like QFN have been designed into the latest generation of wireless communication and hand held products, and are therefore expected to have accelerated growth.
After two years of famine for the assembly and packaging equipment industry, analysts currently project a 15-28% recovery in 2003, compared with 9-30% negative growth in 2002. Due to the capital- intensive nature of our customers business, a dynamic, liquid capital market is important for their funding needs. There is currently little sign of investor confidence returning to the stock markets, and this is probably going to translate into a more gradual recovery for the capital equipment market. Most people expect to see modest sequential order rate improvement on a quarterly basis for the rest of this year. ASM began the year with an order backlog of US$35 million.
In one respect current stock market conditions and lack of capital liquidity are actually working in ASM s favour, placing great stress on those of our competitors with narrow product offerings, high gearing or weak balance sheets, forcing them to take short-term measures to stop their cash drain at the expense of long-term company development. In contrast, with our extensive human resources and debt-free financial strength, ASM is aggressively investing in facilities and product innovation, building strategic partnerships with customers through packaging development support to enhance our future competitiveness. Capital investment planned for 2003 is HK$160 million.
To meet the low k dielectric, finer line width and copper interconnect challenges presented by advanced wafer fabrication, ASM has conducted extensive wire bonding process development with gold and copper wires, both in-house and jointly with customers and research institutes. A higher productivity gold wire bonder will be introduced this year to further enhance our leadership. Similarly, a fine pitch aluminium wire bonder, based on linear motor technology to be launched in mid 2003, will solidify ASM s dominant position in the chip-on-board market.

As foreshadowed in our 2002 Interim Report, we have developed a bonder for gold and copper stud bumps to widen our product offering in flip chip assembly covering various processes.
Concurrently, we have adapted our AD900 flip chip bonder to provide thermosonic bonding capability. Both machines are now ready for field testing during the first half of this year. In addition, for power device chip attachment with soft solder process, a market segment in which ASM has so far not participated, we are now ready to offer a cost-effective soft solder die bonder to meet customers needs. And to address the increasing volume demands for QFN etched leadframes, we have been installing reel-to-reel etching and plating equipment to satisfy both output and cost objectives.
During the past few years, many IDMs and subcons have established or announced their plans to set up new factories in China. Helped by the emergence of successful local companies, the China market has grown to become ASM s second largest sales territory in 2002, representing approximately 15% of the Group s turnover and the highest revenue and contribution percentage in history. With our proximity to the market, established sales network, experienced field service staff and pre-eminent position among assembly and packaging equipment manufacturers, ASM is well positioned to benefit from the fast growing Chinese semiconductor industry.

Last year I predicted that all might not be smooth sailing in 2002, but we could look forward to seizing the opportunity to increase our market share as we did during the previous slowdown. This statement has proved itself correct, as we have now become the world s number one in our industry.
The resilience, talent and dedication of all those who work for ASM has been the engine driving our success. The Board would like to take this opportunity to recognize our employees efforts and express its appreciation. It has been a long race, and although we are ahead of the pack we have no intention of resting on our laurels.
ASM is fully prepared to take aggressive advantage of the coming market recovery and looks forward with confidence to extending our lead over our competitors.
Arthur H. del Prado 
18 February 2003 