CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
We are pleased to report that ASM Pacifi c Technology Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group or ASM ) achieved a record turnover amounting to HK$4,555,953,000 in the fi scal year ended 31 December 2006, representing an increase of 28.8% as compared with HK$3,536,855,000 for the previous year. The Group s consolidated profi t for the year is HK$1,149,477,000, which is 35.2% higher than the previous year s consolidated profi t of HK$850,485,000. Basic earnings per share for the year amounted to HK$2.97 (2005: HK$2.21).

An interim dividend of HK$0.70 (2005: HK$0.50) per share and fi rst special dividend of HK$0.75 (2005: HK$0.20) per share were paid in August 2006.
Having established a solid foundation in the microelectronics market over the years, ASM intends to further its organic growth path in the near term through enlarging its market share with diversifi ed, high performance products. There is no short term need for major cash outlay and the Group has consistently generated signifi cant positive cash fl ow from operations in each of the past ten years.

In view of our strong liquidity and rising equity base, the Board of Directors have decided to recommend a fi nal and second special dividend of HK$1.00 (2005: HK$1.00) per share and HK$0.20 (2005: HK$0.30) per share respectively payable on or around 30 April 2007, making a total dividend payment of HK$2.65 (2005: HK$2.00) per share for the year ended 31 December 2006, inclusive of HK$0.95 (2005:HK$0.50) per share of special dividend.
This translates into a 89.4% dividend payout ratio for the current year profi t; representing a prudent decision to return current excessive cash holdings to our shareholders while continuing to operate the Group with the optimum shareholders funds.

The global semiconductor industry experienced solid growth in 2006, although the market somewhat weakened towards end of the year. Growth was primarily driven by consumer applications such as fl at-panel displays, MP3 players and digital cameras. According to several leading industry analysts, the increase in sales of semiconductor devices in 2006 was in the range of 8 11%. As regards the semiconductor assembly and packaging equipment industry, the common view of the analysts is that it grew by 13 19% during the same period.

On the back of a good performance by the semiconductor industry in 2006, ASM had an exceptional year during which the Group set multiple new records. In fact, after a stellar turnover during the fi rst half of 2006, we slightly bettered that performance in the second half, even in the face of some softening in the general market towards the end of the year.
Both our equipment and leadframe businesses produced record turnovers, resulting in the Group attaining unprecedented levels of progress and profi tability in many fi elds during the period.
Over the past few years, ASM has consistently outperformed its industry peers. We are pleased to have repeated this performance again in 2006, surpassing the estimated overall 13 19% growth in the assembly and packaging equipment industry with an increase of 25.1%. In doing so, we gained further market share and solidifi ed our number one position in the global assembly and packaging equipment market, achieving a Group turnover of US$587 million and net profi t of HK$1,149 million, both of which are new records for ASM.
This represents 28.8% and 35.2% growth respectively over the previous year. Return on capital employed and on sales were 49.9% and 27.4%. Such a strong fi nancial performance clearly refl ects ASM s leadership position and the growing acceptance of ASM s products and services, which positions us well for the future. Our overall book-to-bill ratio was 1.0 for the year, representing net bookings over billings, a slight decrease year- on-year from the preceding year s record. Our ending order backlog as of 31 December 2006 was US$103.9 million.
ASM has built a solid business foundation based on diversifi ed products serving broad application markets. Our fi nancial performance in recent years has clearly refl ected the success of this strategy. With equipment revenue of US$461 million, equivalent to 78.6% of the Group s turnover, ASM was again the top player in its industry, keeping the premier position we have held since 2002. We widened the gap between ourselves and the no. 2 player to US$179 million, representing a lead of 63.4% over our closest rival. Signifi cantly, our leadframe revenue further increased its contribution to the Group s turnover, growing by 44.8%, largely as a result of a strong gain in market share. This highlights the success of our efforts to further enhance our market position in the leadframes business.

We have actually achieved strong growth for many of our products. In particular, our die bonders continue to make great strides in gaining acceptance and acquiring further market share; we have retained our position as the world s top supplier of die bonders in 2006. Our CSP equipment business has also experienced a quantum leap in revenue and is now of signifi cant size, no doubt demonstrating market acceptance and its growth into an integral part of the Company s product offerings.
Our dual head gold wire bonder is making major inroads into its market segment, a good example of the successful implementation of our Blue Ocean strategy. We also continue to hold a leading position in copper wire bonding technology. In addition, while global demand for fl ip chip bonders is still small compared to wire bonders, our fl ip chip bonders have further penetrated key IDM customer markets during the past year.
Our encapsulation equipment business saw substantial growth in particularly the demand for package-on-package (PoP) molding technology and we are now recognized as a market leader in PoP molding solutions. The growth in demand and our developing strength in this fi eld put us on the radar of many prospective customers and this helped increase our market base. We continue to be strong in the fi eld of CMOS Image Sensor (CIS) assembly lines and equipment, which highlights the success of our total solution approach to marketing our products. Similarly, we have also seen greater acceptance of our total solutions offerings for the micro-SD 
Liquidity and financial resources The Group s shareholders funds increased slightly to HK$2,562,074,000 as at 31 December 2006 (2005: HK$2,393,534,000). As there were no long term borrowings, gearing of the Group was zero, the same as for the past seven years.
Although HK$1,064.4 million was paid as dividends and HK$208.7 million was spent in capital investments during the twelve-month period, due to good control of working capital and strong positive cash fl ow from operation, cash on hand as of 31 December 2006 was HK914,681,000 (2005: HK$728,927,000). In fact, a good portion of the capital investments were funded by the current year s depreciation of 
There was no bank borrowing as of 31 December 2006.
Current ratio was 2.84, with a debt-equity ratio of 36.1%.
With no short-term needs and an on-going positive cash fl ow from organic growth operation, these fi gures permit ASM management to recommend a sustained high level of dividend to return excessive cash holdings to our shareholders. While account receivables have been tightly monitored during the year, with record billings there was an improvement to 71.1 days sales outstanding (2005: 88.2 days).
The Group has minimal currency exposure as the majority of all sales were denominated in U.S. dollars. On the other hand, the disbursements were mainly in U. S. dollars, Hong Kong dollars, Singapore dollars and Renminbi. The limited yen-based receivables were offset by some accounts payables in yen to 
ASM places strong emphasis on both recruiting and retaining high calibre employees, not only through competitive remuneration packages but also by committing ourselves to specialized yet demanding staff development and training programs. In general, salary review is conducted annually. In addition to salary payments, other benefi ts include contributions to provident fund schemes and medical subsidies. Discretionary bonus and bonus shares may be granted to eligible staff based on the Group s fi nancial results and individual performance.
As of 31 December 2006, the total headcount of the Group worldwide was approximately 9,000 people.

An improving job market in major countries and healthy economic growth going forward should contribute to stronger demands for semiconductor devices. There is no doubt that the demand for consumer electronic products continues to be the driver of growth in the semiconductor industry. ASM is well-positioned to take advantage of such consumer products- led growth as IC packaging is seen as a technology enabler for consumer applications. The semiconductor industry is forecast to grow by another 9 11% in 2007. Similar growth is projected for 2008.
After strong growth experienced in 2006, the global assembly and packaging equipment industry is projected to consolidate with at best single digit growth and possibly even a single digit contraction in 2007. However, strong growth of between 14 26% is projected by some industry analysts for 2008. This is a refl ection of shorter industry cycles that have greatly reduced magnitudes of fl uctuation and an overall positive trend leading to a steady growth in the industry up to and including 2009.
It is generally expected that the equipment industry will grow at a slower pace at the start of 2007, and it is anticipated that the fi rst quarter may also be a softer period for ASM. However, the industry is expected to experience a turnaround and start to improve in the second quarter, and we will prepare ourselves accordingly to take advantage of such improvement. Overall, whilst we may not equal some of the new record levels set in 2006, we defi nitely expect in 2007 to be able to further build upon our strengths in preparation for future growth.
ASM s solid business success has always been built upon a number of sturdy supporting pillars. Strategically, we have an extensive marketing network that focuses on customers packaging challenges. We have been responsive to the needs of the market, and have successfully managed to capture opportunities presented by strong demand. Our vertical integration strategy and strategic choice of low cost manufacturing locations have proven to be successful. And with continuous cost reduction efforts and a constant drive for manufacturing-orientated design, ASM is committed to offering customers innovative products with good value propositions.
Our die bonders continue to make great strides in gaining further market share, keeping us in the number one position since 2005.

By undertaking packaging development programs with customers we have been able to offer them value-added services on top of our role as a leading equipment supplier: solution-selling has become a powerful marketing tool in this knowledge-based economy. Providing customers with innovative, total packaging solutions based on ASM s equipment and leadframes to meet their ever-expanding new product requirements has proven to be our most effective key to unlock customers doors; the use of our PoP solutions in marketing our molding systems is a good example. This unique business strategy truly differentiates ASM from all our competitors, enabling us to further expand our business and to promote newly developed products. It has proven time and again to be useful in gaining market share as well as penetrating 
When introducing new products, we emphasize product adjacency in order to achieve organic growth, ensuring that new models complement our existing product lines. We will continue to carry out our Blue Ocean strategy over the next few years by seeking to introduce new products for untapped and 
Leveraging our in-house enabling technologies, our product development efforts focus on injecting higher performance and lower cost of manufacturing into our new generation of products, while simultaneously continuing to rejuvenate our current generation equipment to achieve signifi cant performance gains. To sustain ASM s continued leadership position and to build resilience in a dynamic industry, we intend to launch exciting new generations of die, fl ip chip and gold wire bonders in 2007. For instance, new Multi-Chip Module (MCM) and Chip-on-Glass (COG) bonders will be introduced.
A new state-of-the-art gold wire bonder will update our current wire bonders with innovative features and a faster bonding speed to propel us to the forefront of wire bonding technology, while at the same time offering unprecedented user-friendliness. And a new single-strip molding system will further complement our popular sectional molding system.
Our leadframe business saw a 44.8% revenue growth in 2006 achieving record billings largely due to strong gain in market share and the maturing of our expanded operations in China.

Management succession took place in 2006, representing a signifi cant milestone in ASM s history. With good planning and execution, a highly competent team was groomed and nurtured to succeed our co-founder and Managing Director since inception, Mr. Patrick Lam. Patrick had led ASM for more than 31 profi table years during which he delivered excellent fi nancial performance and returns to shareholders.
A shareholder who invested HK$1.61 for each ASM share during the Initial Public Offering of the Company at the end of 1988 and held onto those shares until 31 December 2006 would have received HK$12.14 in total as cash dividends over the years and enjoyed a gain of 26.9 times in share price (based upon ASM s closing share price of HK$43.3 per share as at 31 December 2006).
This excellent fi nancial result not only benefi ted our shareholders, it created many new jobs in the communities where ASM operates.
It provided career growth opportunities, secure job environment and a stable income for ASM personnel and their families, offering an excellent environment for many capable ASM employees to achieve their own personal success. And perhaps most important of all, it allowed us to develop innovative, total product solutions that continue to deliver outstanding value propositions to our customers.
Our vertical integration strategy, continuous cost reduction efforts and a constant drive for manufacturing-oriented design enable ASM to offer customers innovative products with good 
Patrick had also been instrumental in creating the ASM culture that has been the key to the success of the Company in the past and will continue to be in the future. Although he retired on 31 December 2006, Patrick will continue to serve the Company as the Honorary Chairman to guide the succeeding management team for the next 6 months.
The new team took over the helm from 1 January 2007. I am very pleased to have seen a smooth transition so far, and I foresee that the new management team will continue to maintain and improve upon the tremendous growth that we have experienced in the history of the Company. It is management s belief that ASM will continue to outperform our industry peers for many years to come.
The board wishes to express its sincere gratitude and appreciation to Mr. Patrick Lam for his invaluable contribution to ASM over the years and wishes him a happy, long and fulfi lling retirement.
The Board is also gratifi ed by the invaluable efforts of all our employees who have contributed to the success of the Company. We would once again like to place on record our appreciation of their accomplishments during the past year.
Arthur H. del Prado 
8 March 2007 IC packaging is seen as a technology enabler for consumer applications. ASM s solution-selling strategy helps customers seize the opportunities of consumer 
