Chairman’s Statement
RESULTS
We are pleased to report that the ASM Pacific Technology
Limited and its subsidiaries (the “Group” or “ASM”) achieved
record turnover amounting to HK$3,989,130,000 in the fiscal
year ended 31 December 2000, representing a 111% increase
as compared with HK$1,890,869,000 for the previous year.
The Group’s net profit for the year was HK$1,080,183,000,
which is more than 3.27 times the previous year’s net profit of
HK$330,150,000. Basic earnings per share for the year
amounted to HK$2.86 (1999: HK$0.88).
DIVIDEND
An interim dividend of HK$0.30 (1999: HK$0.07) per share was
paid in August 2000. The Board of Directors recommends a
final dividend of HK$0.85 (1999: HK$0.28) per share payable
on or around 24 April 2001, making a total payment of
HK$1.15 (1999: HK$0.35) per share for the year ended
31 December 2000.
REVIEW
In fiscal 2000 ASM achieved record turnover and surpassed the
US$500 million milestone for the first time. Revenue growth
reached its highest level in the Company’s history, achieving
a gain of 111%. Sales increases came from all lines, in
particular, our assembly equipment products that now account
for over 85% of our total business. Riding our market share
gain in the last three years, our assembly equipment business
rose by 129% to exceed US$437 million.
With this turnover, ASM becomes the world’s second largest
semiconductor assembly equipment manufacturer, breaks all
companies’ previous years’ sales records in the assembly
equipment industry and is second only to the industry leader’s
year 2000 revenue.
Strong demands from the PC sector, reinforced by fastexpanding
information appliance, Internet infrastructure,
telecommunication and consumer markets, meant the
semiconductor industry once again experienced vigorous
growth in year 2000. SIA, Dataquest, IC Insights and VLSI
Research all projected a 37% increase to US$204 billion.
According to VLSI Research, demands for semiconductor
assembly equipment increased by over 80% during year 2000.
However, excess inventory at manufacturers and chip
distributors caused a correction during the 4th quarter,
resulting in a significant slowdown since then.
While other competitors faced difficulties during the last few
months, our 2nd half billings exceeded that of the first by 6%.
In fact, we beat the assembly equipment industry leader by
a wide margin in our 4th quarter sales. The main revenue
contributors were our gold wire and die bonder businesses,
achieving the second and third positions in the industry and
representing over 70% of our equipment turnover.
One of ASM’s main strengths is the differentiated structure of
its client base: apart from a diversified product range, a healthy
balance exists between integrated device manufacturers (IDMs)
and packaging foundries (subcons); large, medium and small
size customers, as well as geographical and application
markets. Last year our turnover grew in all territories, creating
an even better balance. Malaysia (23.1%), Taiwan (17.9%),
Philippines (11.5%), Thailand (9.6%) and Korea (9.2%)
represent the five largest geographical markets.
Expanded sales led to significant operating leverage, resulting
in improved gross and net margins. Our unprecedented net
profit was more than three times the previous year, generating
an excellent return on capital employed of 65.9%. Apart from
funding our aggressive capital investments and repaying all
debts, this outstanding financial performance contributed to
strong liquidity, resulting in a current ratio of 1.92. Order
backlog at the end of the year exceeded US$120 million.
To cope with market demands and to keep our delivery
lead-time acceptable to our customers, we took major steps
in expanding our China factory, installed a large number of
CNC machines and created two satellite plants near-by. The
enlarged 600,000 sq.ft. facility should provide room for future
expansion. Our Malaysian factory also began operation early in
the year. Now with 68 staff, it has become an integral support
base for our Singapore plant.
Capital investments last year amounted to US$44.7 million,
with most used to enlarge our production capacity, whilst the
balance provided enhanced capabilities in R&D, analytical
equipment, computer-aided design, manufacturing and
engineering packages, as well as computer hardware and
software to strengthen the Company’s information system and
communication network.
Featuring 35µm pad pitch capability, 20 - 30% productivity
gain, improved bond quality, with enhanced impact force and
loop profile control capabilities, our AB339 Eagle gold wire
bonder entered the mass production phase as planned in the
4th quarter. We have successfully converted our existing
bonder customers, with our top three clients all taking
deliveries of this new generation machine. Concurrently, we
shipped evaluation machines to a number of large potential
customers, both IDMs and subcons. Initial feedbacks from
these benchmarking exercises are encouraging.
Our IDEALine concept has been well received as a solution for
factory automation, especially for those high-density matrix
substrates. Together with our process and packaging development
support to customers, such unique value-added services
differentiate ASM from our competitors and foster closer ties
with our clients.
We also made pleasing progress with strip-testing, integrated
with other backend processes. Several systems have been
delivered to three factory locations and we captured some
repeat orders. ASM is currently the frontrunner in this sector,
with proven capability and systems running production in
the field.
PROSPECTS
With the supply chain inventory adjustment still on, end
product demands not rising as rapidly as in the past and a
slowing U.S. economy, industry analysts have trimmed their
forecasts for the semiconductor industry to 5 - 7% growth for
year 2001. Installed capacity is continuing to come on stream
and in view of slowing demands, most semiconductor
companies have announced a reduction in capital expenditure
spending, resulting in flat to 20% negative investment growth
forecasts by various analysts. Order inflow visibility for
capacity related products is low for the coming months, due
to the current under-loading situation for most customers.
It is likely that it will take a few more months for the current
pessimism to clear.
However, ASM’s management believes industry will continue
to make investments related to enhanced technology like finer
pad pitch wire bonder to meet the die shrink requirement,
new chip-scale packaging challenge like QFN, and specific
equipment to cope with the market demand of a package type.
As noted above, ASM’s assembly equipment business is built
on diversified products addressing different semiconductor
assembly and packaging processes, serving wide application
markets and strategically spread among IDMs and subcons,
sizes and locations of customers. These stabilizing factors
have dampened the industry fluctuations for ASM in the past,
and together with our significantly improved market position
in the last three years, should be helpful in ensuring a more
resilient ASM that outperforms the industry.
Furthermore, this temporary soft market has its opportunities,
allowing us time to make a smoother transition to the high
performance AB339 Eagle wire bonder. It also permits
potential customers to run evaluations, similar to 1998, giving
ASM the opportunity to gain market share.
Naturally it is now prudent to control costs. However, we will
also prepare ourselves sufficiently to meet the delivery
challenge when the market rebounds strongly. With our strong
balance sheet, while other competitors started to cut back, we
intend to beef up our human resources to support customers in
factory automation, process and packaging development, and
speed up our technology and product development to both
solidify and enhance our leading market position. Capital
investment of US$25 million is planned for the year.
Important new products will also provide support for our
aggressive marketing program. Based on high performance
control technology and linear motors, we are preparing a new
generation IC die bonder capable of 200 and 300 mm.
diameter wafers, 30% higher throughput than current model,
with improved placement accuracy and bondline thickness;
it will be ready for market launch in mid-2001. Similarly, after
months of process and product development, our high
performance, low cost flip chip bonder will be introduced
during this year. To complete our modules for ASM’s
backend cluster, specifically for solder ball array packages,
an integrated, small foot print ball placement, reflow and
rinsing system is targeted for completion during 2001.
We have already provided technical support to customers in
the QFN packaging development, designed and fabricated
etched leadframes, solved their wire bonding problems,
developed new processing modules (e.g. de-taping) and
provided in-line automation solutions. Our intention is to
create strategic partnerships with customers to have their
integrated circuits (ICs) built on ASM leadframes and
manufacturing processes qualified with ASM equipment.
The short-term market correction may prove to be ASM’s golden
opportunity to gain significant market share. We intend to
capitalise on it and anticipate our shareholders will give us
their full support.
APPRECIATION
Last year was a truly outstanding year for ASM. The huge
revenue growth is a testament to the tremendous efforts put in
by all our staff, who have met the challenge of ramping up our
production so rapidly. The Group’s Board gratefully acknowledges
their dedication and diligence, and is confident that the
solid achievements in year 2000 have laid the groundwork for
future progress that will withstand market fluctuations.
Arthur H. del Prado
Chairman
12 February 2001