CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. Ho Kuang-Chi Chairman of the Board 
On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Xiabuxiabu Catering Management (China) Holdings Co., Ltd (the Company or Xiabuxiabu ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
The motto of success of the Company is High quality derives from persistent efforts and we believe in values as unity, pragmatism, integrity, diligence and creativity . We strive to improve the values and competitive strengths of the Company and are determined to build the Company as the leader of the fast casual restaurants in China.

Although we encountered economic slowdown and instability, restructuring and increasing competition of the catering service industry in 2015, we have been actively responding to such challenges and persisting in realizing the continuous growth of our operating results. For the year ended 31 December 2015, Xiabuxiabu has achieved outstanding results in our key operational indicators. In 2015, we opened a total of 100 new restaurants and our revenue increased to RMB2,425 million in 2015, representing a year-on- year growth of 10.1% from 2014. Net profit for 2015 reached RMB263 million and after excluding the share based compensation expenses in relation to employee share options of RMB6.52 million, the adjusted net profit was approximately RMB270 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 45.1% compared to 2014.
The adjusted net profit margin increased by 2.7% to 11.1% compared to 2014.

We believe that Xiabuxiabu is the undisputed leader of the fast casual hotpot industry. We persist in innovating, improving our operating results and strengthening our competition advantages through economies of scale and systematic management, so that we will be able to provide continuous and stable returns to our shareholders.
New Restaurants Opening We have been steadily implementing our five-year expansion plan. We have expanded our business by further cultivating our current markets in Beijing and Northern China, as well as developing new markets.
To ensure our success in expansion, we enhanced our restaurant development plan and continuous inventory management. We also optimize our site selection standards and ensure research and pre-test before we enter any new market. In addition, we have formed strategic alliances and collaborate with owners and developers of commercial real estate such as shopping malls. As at 31 December 2015, Xiabuxiabu owned and operated 552 restaurants in 39 cities over eight provinces as well as three centrally administered municipalities in China, of which 100 restaurants were opened in 2015.

We are continuously improving our service standard and efficiency, and in the meantime, enhancing our brand promotion by integrating our online and offline marketing channels, such as Wechat, Weibo, and other payment channels, cooperating with leading group buy websites as well as several domestic banks, and launching various marketing activities. In addition, in order to improve customers experience, we constantly optimize our menu, launch new menu items, update the dish combination, adjust the pricing strategy and improve the restaurant environment. For the year ended 31 December 2015, despite a turbulent catering service market, we managed to achieve a revenue growth of 10.1% from last year.

Evidenced by the increase of the consumer price index, the increasing costs for food ingredients, labor and rent has become the major challenges faced by the catering service industry. In response, we constantly optimize our menu selection, strengthen our price bargaining power, leveraging our operational scale and strategically manage our stock, so as to efficiently control our cost for ingredients, which is far below the average procurement price in the industry. In the meantime, we strengthen our labor efficiency by adjusting staff structure, enhancing shifts management and improving flow in our restaurants. We have also managed to maintain our rental expenses at a stable percentage of our revenue by maintaining strategic alliances with well- known real estate companies, developing new markets and opening smaller size restaurants. All such efforts have laid solid foundation for our profit growth.

The Company stays grateful to the society for our success and continued to adhere to the philosophy of paying back to the society. In 2015, the Company donated to the Red Cross Society of China, Beijing Branch, in response to the aftermath of the Tianjin explosion. The Company has also sponsored 21 left- behind children in Qinghai, Guizhou and Hebei, through China Children and Teenagers Fund and China National Radio. The Company also endeavors to environmental protection causes. For example, the Company actively reduce its carbon emission and replace the traditional lighting with LED lighting. The Company also actively promotes a sense of responsibilities for environmental protection among its employees by promoting energy and water saving and reducing the use of paper in the Company s facilities. Furthermore, the Company also purchased food ingredients of approximately RMB80 million from farmers and agricultural cooperatives under its farm-to-table project, which has significantly improved the farmers income and suppressed the increase of our food ingredients procurement costs.
OUTLOOK FOR 2016 We will endeavor to continue our outstanding performance and achieve more in the future. We will continue to innovate, optimize our platform and enhance our competitive strengths, to ensure the sustainable development of Xiabuxiabu, by which we will be able to create greater value and returns to our customers, employees and shareholders.
Additional growth driver Based on its fast casual hotpot business, the Group endeavors to develop additional growth drivers, including the Xiabu Fresh delivery business, Xiabuxiabu 2.0 restaurant upgrade and its second brand concept Coucou , a casual hotpot dining concept targeting mid- to high-end market. The Group plans to leverage the strong recognition of its Xiabuxiabu brand to further develop these additional business lines. In addition, the Group plans to enhance its information system management to support its existing business and 
Drive same-store sales growth In addition to branding and promotion initiatives, the Group will accelerate its exploration on the new Xiabu Fresh delivery business and implement the Xiabuxiabu 2.0 restaurant upgrade to fully utilize business hours beyond rush hours during lunch and dinner time to improve its operating results. Marketing with a focus on customer relationship management will also further increase customer stickiness. The Group also plans to fully utilize its over 60 million customer flow and initiate joint promotion programs with renowned brands in this era of big data.
Expansion of restaurant network The Group will follow its five-year strategic plan to steadily expand the Group s business. In 2016, the Group plans to open a total of 100 restaurants. The Group plans to consolidate its leading position and further its penetration in its existing markets, while opening restaurants in Shenzhen as a starting point explore the Southern China market. During the expansion, the Group will continue to focus on new markets research and create synergies among functions of the Group s internal departments such as business development, sales and marketing and operations departments so as to ensure the success of new restaurants in emerging markets.

The Group plans to further control its procurement cost while maintaining a stringent quality standard.
The Group plans to further enhances its procurement system and devise tailored cost control measures for different categories of supplies. To control its staff cost, the Group also intends to optimize restaurant layout, introduce new technologies and continuously improve operation management efficiency in response to the increasing labor cost. In addition, the Group intends to enhance its brand value, strengthen strategic alliance with well-known real estate companies, as well as open smaller size and higher return restaurants, thereby effectively control rental expenses.
Strengthen organization and human 
In order to better understand the market, the Group will enhance its accountability system and encourage the proactivity of general manager of specific markets to take overall responsibility for marketing and sales, restaurant openings and profit management in the respective local market. As to employee development, in addition to constantly implementing the management trainee project, the Group will continuously enhance its system of employee appraisal, training and promotion, to ensure a sustainable supply of talents. At the same time, the Group will also explore on the establishment of an efficient long-term store manager incentive 
Maintain stringent food safety and 
The Group will further its commitment to food safety and quality, including the following aspects: (i) implement stringent food safety and quality control standards and measures throughout different aspects of the Group s operations, including supply chain, logistics, food processing plants and restaurants; (ii) continue the Group s centralized procurement system; (iii) cooperate exclusively with reputable and high-quality suppliers; (iv) eliminate intermediaries in the supply chain through direct delivery to restaurant from suppliers or the Group s logistics centers; and (v) continuous self- evaluation and enhancement on the Group s food safety and quality control standards and measures.
In the past 17 years, Xiabuxiabu has established the model featuring in high profits and fast duplication by successfully building up the systemized management model of integrating procurement, delivery, operation and the standardized information system for the Group.
Despite the slightly-lagging market condition is expected to continue, Xiabuxiabu is striving for excellence as well as making continuous innovations, so as to live up to the expectations of the shareholders and the society as a whole in the upcoming year.
My gratitude goes to the management team and all employees for their excellent work and contribution in the past year, to the support from the shareholders, business partners and all walks of life, as well as to their confidence in Xiabuxiabu. Judging from Xiabuxiabu s development over the past 17 years, I am very optimistic about Xiabuxiabu s prospects in the future. We are bound to become a powerful leading brand in Asia s catering sector and to build it as a home that is our employees joy and pride, an enterprise that our shareholders trust and are willing to invest in, as well as an industry leader with best social values.

Hong Kong, 29 March 2016 