Chairman s Statement Huang Juncan Chairman I am pleased to present to you the annual report of Gemdale Properties and Investment Corporation Limited (the Company ), and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.

In 2015, China continued to loosen its monetary policy. The central bank lowered the benchmark interest rate and the deposit reserve ratio by a couple of times, giving a strong boost to the overall performance of the land market and the real estate sales market.
During the year, the real estate prices in different cities experienced rapid polarisation: soaring in first-tier cities, picking up in most second-tier cities, while losing upward momentum in certain second- tier cities as well as third- and fourth-tier cities due to excessive stock. China s relaxed macroeconomic environment, coupled with continuous changes in various factors, including population influx from different cities and adjustment in economic structure, have brought about new challenges and diversified opportunities to the real estate market.

Despite the prominent polarisation of China s various real estate markets in 2015, the Group managed to secure stable sales performance. Contracted sales for the year amounted to RMB11.2 billion, of which our projects located in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen contributed a total of RMB6.9 billion, or 62%. The higher profit margin of such projects had laid a solid foundation for the Group s business performance in the coming years.
In 2015, major economies around the globe were plagued with economic downturns and overall sluggish demand. Nevertheless, the economic recovery of the United States led to continuous strengthening of the US Dollar, and a resultant interest rate hike by the end of the year. In addition, with the steady development of its existing business, the Group also strived to establish its presence in the supporting industrial chain of property development and management by providing joint-office, catering and education services, aiming to achieve mutual promotion and improvement of its real estate business and new businesses.
Despite the continuing outflow of foreign capital from China in 2015, the Group successfully completed two placements of new shares in the first half of the year, raising a total of net proceeds of HK$3,148 million (equivalent to approximately RMB2,492 million). These fund- raising moves have not only broadened our capital base, but also introduced Lippo Group, one of the world s leading conglomerates, as our strategic investor, which will bring great advantages to the Group s property development and management capability enhancement and business network expansion. Moreover, in view of the persistent strength of the US Dollar, the Group made early repayment of its syndicated loan of USD185 million, thereby further reducing its exposure to fluctuations in exchange rates.
As China s real estate market is picking up as a whole and market polarisation is getting increasingly apparent in various areas, the Group has adopted differentiated investment strategies specifically tailored to different markets in 2015 with primary focus on first-tier cities, and also second-tier cities that are leading in economic development. During the year, the Group has acquired certain high-quality projects in Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, Nanjing, Suzhou, Ningbo, Dalian, Hangzhou and Jiangsu with an aggregate GFA of approximately 2.10 million square meters, among which 27% or approximately 577,000 square meters are located in two first-tier cities, namely Beijing and Shanghai. Such projects are expected to bring considerable profits to the Group. In addition, the Group continued to seek potential M&A opportunities in China. During the year, the Group entered into an agreement to acquire 76% equity in a real estate development group (the Target Group ) at a consideration of RMB1.423 billion (subject to adjustments), such acquisition will be subject to shareholders approval. Headquartered in Guangzhou, China, the Target Group holds real estate projects in Guangzhou, Wuhan, Changsha, Taiyuan, Kunming, Jiangsu and Zhejiang, respectively with a total salable GFA of approximately 5 million square meters. We believe this acquisition would help increase the overall sales of the Group and further enhance the scale and position of the Group in the property market.

We strongly believe that business scale is of critical importance to the survival and development of the Group. Looking into 2016, we will insist on the strategy of rapid turnover in respect of residential property development for fast business expansion by focusing on first-tier cities, and certain second-tier cities that are leading in economic development, deepen our presence in cities where we have secured strong footholds, and seek potential equity merger and acquisition and cooperation opportunities at the same time.
With regard to commercial property development, we will strongly push forward development of new types of commercial properties while keeping an eye on potential opportunities related to logistics parks and business parks in an effort to create new growth points based on traditional commercial properties, such as office buildings and shopping malls.

The Group is committed to promoting the sustainable development of both the environment and the society. We understand the inevitable impact of property development and operations on climate and local environment, therefore, the Group opts for environmentally- friendly architectural designs and operational measures to improve the environmental performance of its property development and management. As part of its commitments to environmental protection and society, the Group plans to conduct external wall greening work for its investment property, Vision Shenzhen Business Park, in 2016 in an effort to reduce energy consumption and improve the 
RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS We fully understand that employees, customers and partners are the key to our sustainable and stable development. We are committed to establishing a close relationship with our employees, enhancing cooperation with our partners and providing high-quality products and services to our customers so as to ensure our sustainable 
Our staff is regarded as the most important resource of the Group.
Hence, the Group has been endeavouring to provide our staff with a fair and harmonious workplace where individuals with diverse cultural backgrounds are treated equally. We offer a competitive remuneration package and great opportunities for career advancement based on employees performance. The Group also provides our staff with regular trainings, including internal trainings and refresher courses offered by professional organisations, so as to keep them abreast of the latest development in the market, industry and various businesses.
In order to achieve the goal of providing top-quality products and services to customers , we adhere to the core values of be devoted and be sincere; be brave and be a dreamer in every aspect of our work. We value the feedback from customers and always try to understand their thoughts through daily communication, after-sale return visit and customer satisfaction surveys. In addition, we also set up a customer service hotline to respond to the feedback and complaints from customers.
We firmly believe that our vendors (including contractors) are equally important in building high-quality development projects.
We proactively communicate with our vendors to ensure they are committed to delivering high-quality and sustainable products and services. Each contract we enter into with our vendors is annexed to an Honest Cooperation Agreement , in which we clearly state our professional integrity and specify various requirements including regulatory compliance, anti-corruption and other business ethics. We effectively implement the vendor assessment process by conducting sampling check, site visit, evaluation on the performance of contract, third-party certification and other measures, to ensure the performance of our vendors.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, partners and customers for their care and support over the past year. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our directors, management and staff for their valuable contributions. We will continue to forge ahead and accelerate our growth and development, enhance our competitive edge and profitability and devote our best efforts to become a leader in the exquisite commercial real estate industry 
