Chairman s Statement Huang Juncan Chairman I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of Gemdale Properties and Investment Corporation Limited (the Company ), and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
REVIEW AND OUTLOOK Since the beginning of 2014, the Chinese economic growth lost steam, and it adversely affected the real estate market. Worsen by insufficient demand and high inventory level, the 100-city average housing price in China experienced a price adjustment. Housing price performed differently amongst cities, evidenced by a mild growth in housing price for 1-tier cities and a fall in second- and third-tier cities. The property market has entered into a new stage where many administrative policies were removed and replaced by market forces. New challenges and opportunities both arise in this new era for property market.
In 2014, we experienced a remarkable and encouraging year.
Notwithstanding the market remained sluggish in most of the time in 2014, we achieved record highs in contracted sales and gross profits which amounted to RMB11.4 billion and RMB841 million respectively, representing a significant increase of 170% and 288% respectively. Recognised revenue from property development was RMB1.97 billion, representing an increase of 65 times. And we expect this high growth in terms of gross profits and sales revenue from property development would continue in the forthcoming years.
During the year, the Group also developed a new business line development and management of commercial properties owned by third parties. The project involved a GFA of approximately 650,000 square meters and the Group is entrusted to manage the whole project of overall positioning, pre-planning and design, project management, cost management, project sales, project completion and delivery to customers. Similar business opportunities would be largely expanded in 2015. Leveraged by the accumulation of experience, management expertise and branding, our overall commercial property development capability would build up and help us to grow and develop commercial properties in China and 
Despite the low appetite for PRC property developers stocks in HK stock market, we still managed to raise approximately HKD1,836 million gross proceeds by issuance of a total of 3,530,000,000 new shares to OUE Lippo Limited and Sino Water Limited Partnership in February 2015. This new shares placement not only broaden our capital base, it also introduced world-class conglomerate Lippo Group to be our strategic investor. Leveraged on Lippo Group s strong financial capability, good experience in commercial property development and management as well as their ample network in Southeast Asia and China, the Group s overall real estate development ability and network is largely strengthened.
Sino Water Limited Partnership is under SDIC Capital Holdings Co., Ltd., a conglomerate in China with excellent and diverse businesses. Introduction of Sino Water Limited Partnership could further enhance the Group s future prospects and the development of new businesses in China. In 2014, the Group also completed a three-year term syndicated loan amounting to USD185 million with overall interest cost less than 5%. This further provided inexpensive financial resources for our Group to expand in terms of new land acquisition and undergo potential merger and acquisition activities.
Baffled by the consolidating property market, the Group adopted a conservative investment strategy and only acquired one piece of new land with GFA of approximately 101,000 square meters through land auction in 2014.
The Group s strategy for acquiring new lands has always focused on first-and-second tier cities with large population and experiencing population inflows. Following the gradual improvement in market sentiment and the Group s low new gearing, it would actively invest in land projects and new business lines development for business diversification in 2015 to enhance investment scale and profitability.
We endeavor to actively participate in land auctions or business co-operations in the Top-15 cities in China as well as cosmopolitan cities in the world, and follow disciplined investment-decision procedures and to be cautious in bidding and investments.
Looking forward to 2015, the Group will remain focused in expanding contracted sales size and growth in land bank in Top-15 cities in China. In terms of business model, the Group s residential property development will focus on quick-turnover products targeted with first-time home buyers and first-time home changers. While for commercial property development, we would actively seeking high quality land in core cities for development of saleable office, mixed- use properties as well as new commercial property businesses such as logistics center, shopping outlets or business parks. We would try to implement direct investment program by employees to help the alignment of interests between the Group and its employees.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our shareholders, partners and customers for their care and support over the past year. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our directors, management and staffs for their valuable contributions. We will continue to forge ahead and accelerate our growth and development, enhance our competitive edge and profitability and devote our very efforts to become one of the most successful property developers in China.

Hong Kong, 13 March 2015 