CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of my fellow members of the board of directors (the
“Board”) of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited (the “Company” or
“Goldin Financial”), I am pleased to present the annual report of the
Company for the year ended 30 June 2017 (“FY2017” or the “Year”
or “financial year under review”).
During the Year, the Group recorded a 21.7% increase in revenue.
Gross profit increased by 51.8% mainly on the back of the improved
profit margin of our wines traded. Profit attributable to owners of the
Company increased by 58.9% to HK$1,419.6 million for the Year from
approximately HK$893.2 million for the year ended 30 June 2016
(“FY2016”).
In FY2017, the Group continued to consolidate its core business
segments, and achieved steady progress. The expansion of our real
estate business gathered momentum as we enhanced the Group’s
portfolio of properties by having invested in a grade-A office building
and developing high-end residential properties in Hong Kong. All in
all, the Company has geared up for long-term growth.
REAL ESTATE BUSINESS
We achieved solid results in our real estate business for FY2017. Our
investment property, Goldin Financial Global Centre, began to
generate rental income. We also inlaid a second “gemstone” in our
property development business by undertaking a major residential
development project through a joint venture at the Ho Man Tin
Station of the MTR － the Ho Man Tin Station Package One
Property Development.
Property Investment
The strong demand for grade-A office spaces continued to drive up
rentals in the core business districts in Hong Kong. Investors
remained upbeat, and actively bid for sites for commercial property
development in public tenders, leading to record-breaking land sales
in Hong Kong’s traditional central business district in Central and the
city’s second central business district (“CBD2”), which is located in
Kowloon East. Corporations became more enthusiastic about
relocating to CBD2 for cost-effective office expansion.
Our Goldin Financial Global Centre in CBD2 was officially opened in
late October 2016. The building comprises a 27-storey grade-A office
building with a three-level basement car park, and a food and dining
zone for our specialty and fine-dining restaurants offering exquisite
Asian and Western cuisines. We aim to attract large enterprises and
international corporations as tenants who may share the view that
the prominent CBD2 is a good place for growth. We are optimistic
that the office leasing in the Kowloon East will be promising and
bring long-term success to the Group.
REAL ESTATE BUSINESS (Continued)
Property Development
The Ho Man Tin district is a traditional luxury residential area with
limited supply of new private housing. Our property development
projects at the Sheung Shing Street and the Ho Man Tin MTR Station
will become new, remarkable property developments in the area upon
their completion. Moreover, the Ho Man Tin Station will be upgraded
to function as an interchange station in the MTR network, and this, we
believe, can result in an appreciation in the value of the properties in
the entire residential neighborhood in the future. We are optimistic for
the project’s contribution to the Group’s revenue in the medium term.
WINE BUSINESS
We had strategically entrenched our wine and wine-related
businesses and made steady strides ahead in FY2017. We
restructured the wine business by tying up a few loose ends and
developing a new revenue stream. This has enabled us to get off to
a good start in the new financial year and will add impetus to the
Group’s development.
The Hong Kong Government’s policy of exempting wines from duty
and the city’s Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement with the
mainland have led to encouraging performance in the wine reexports
in the recent years. In the first half of 2017, China has
already accounted for almost 90% of the total volume of wine reexports
in Hong Kong. Undoubtedly, Hong Kong as the gateway to
wine-trading in the free trade zones of China has sustained a boom
in wine business. The Guangdong province and Shanghai are the
two largest entrepôts of bottled wines in China, accounting for over
half of the wine imports into the country.
WINE BUSINESS (Continued)
Our wine cellar in the Guangzhou Free Trade Zone which is reserved
for storing our premium wines will continue to strengthen our winetrading
business and help it to tap the growing wine markets in
Hong Kong and China. The Chinese government’s policy of
promoting closer economic co-operation in the Guangdong-Hong
Kong-Macao Big Bay Area (粵港澳大灣區) is expected to bolster
business activities in the region. This development is expected to
also benefit the wine-trading business. The Group’s wine business is
ready to grasp opportunities for increasing its market penetration in
China and Hong Kong.
Meanwhile, we strive to strengthen our global wine operations. As a
first step towards the goal, we have made our specialty and finedining
restaurants at Goldin Financial Global Centre as some of our
retail outlets for wines in Hong Kong. We will continue to develop our
wine retail sales by increasing the proportion of our self-produced
premium wines and other carefully selected labels in our offerings.
FACTORING
The factoring market turned out to remain highly competitive in the
financial year under review. China’s commercial factoring market has
been growing vigorously as the government has adopted policies that
favour the development of the domestic factoring industry. Of all the
types of commercial factoring for different industries in China, the
one for trade finance had notable business performance. We
envisage that our factoring arm, Goldin Factoring (China)
Development Limited, will continue to face a highly competitive
market.
To cope with the situation, we will enhance the risk management
system of our factoring business, and continue to sharpen our
competitive edge and grasp opportunities in both the local and
international markets in the coming years.
THE WAY FORWARD
In financial year under review, we enhanced Goldin Financial’s
competitive advantage by consolidating its businesses and
developing new growth drivers. To cope with the volatile global
economy, we will adhere to our prudent approach to business and
strategic moves. As we are entering a new financial year, we will
remain dedicated to maximizing returns to shareholders by exploring
and grasping opportunities for further business development.
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to my fellow members of
the Board and other colleagues for their unwavering commitment to
the Group’s business.
Pan Sutong
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 September 2017