Chairman s Statement Dr. Han Cheng Fong Chairman I am pleased to present this annual report for the financial year ended 30 September 2006 to our shareholders. During the year under review, the Group realized a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$92 million, marginally lower than the HK$94 million reported for the nine months ended 30 September 2005. Equally noteworthy is the successful execution of a rights issue in September 2006.
The issue of 2,280.8 million rights shares raised a net HK$270 million of fresh capital and was 95.8% subscribed by our shareholders. In this context, I thank all shareholders for their continuing support as we push forward vigorously in pursuit of new growth opportunities while maximizing 
The rights issue followed the completion almost exactly a year ago of the connected transaction leading to the acquisition of the controlling 54.78% interest in Supreme Asia Investments Limited, which holds a choice residential development site in Shanghai s Songjiang district. That transaction, which resulted in the allocation and issue of about 1,725.5 million new shares, and the recently- completed rights issue have combined to raise the Company s equity base from 2,836.2 million to now 6,842.5 million shares, a 2.4-fold increase within the twelve-month period. The rapid enlargement of the Company s equity capital has strengthened the Group s balance sheet and rendered it better positioned financially and operationally to meet new challenges as it seeks to secure its future prosperity.
Charting a New Vision During the year under review, the Group commenced the process of charting a new vision to achieve sustainable profitable growth and deliver shareholder value in the current financial year and beyond. The strategy to achieve this vision is to channel the Group s financial and other resources to fast-track the development of the existing land bank and the acquisition of new investments in China.
As one of the world s fastest growing economies, mainland China clearly represents tremendous opportunities and the Group s single-minded focus there is the right strategy forward. However, the real estate business in mainland China is intensely competitive. So as to widen market penetration, the Group will leverage on the strength of its controlling shareholder Singapore-based Fraser & Neave (F&N) group s extensive network. Where appropriate, after due consideration of the size of the financial commitment, the Group s strategy may involve participation in joint ventures with the F&N group to undertake the development of large-scale mixed-use property complexes to benefit from inherent synergies.
The Group is already participating in two joint ventures, one with Tsinghua Science Park group and the other with F&N group s subsidiary, FCL (China) Pte Ltd, each of which have brought their considerable experience and expertise to bear in the execution and management of projects.
The business model of partnership may be adopted for new projects in future so as to expedite the Group s expansion and to realize diversification of its portfolio of projects. Moving into the future, the Group will take steps to heighten the awareness and recognition of its brand name ( Frasers ), in collaboration with FCL China. In the longer term, the Group aims to develop and establish Frasers as a well-known name, synonymous to quality, prestige and value.
During the year under review, certain measures were introduced by the mainland government to crackdown on speculation and curb the escalation of property prices and, more broadly, to better manage investment growth. The impact of these measures on the Group s activities is judged to be manageable as the Group is a long-term investor. It is expected that the measures will lead to the evolution of a stable and sustainable real estate market in China in the longer term and should be viewed positively.
As the market forces adjust to be in alignment with the new realities, a healthier business environment will emerge.

Revenue for the year ended 30 September 2006 was HK$215 million, 16% higher than the HK$186 million realized for the nine months ended 30 September 2005.
This higher revenue was due to the two-fold increase in rental income to HK$64 million derived from investment properties, boosted by a maiden contribution from the full occupancy of phase 2A of Vision Shenzhen Business Park (VSBP) following its completion of construction in January 2006 and occupancy in March 2006. However, during the year under review, total sales proceeds from the two completed residential projects were reduced as the inventory of units held for sale dwindled.
The profit attributable to ordinary equity holders recorded during the year under review was HK$92 million versus HK$94 million for the nine months ended 30 September 2005. Included in the results of the year under review were provisions written-back amounting to HK$73 million relating to the VSBP phase 2B site upon its commencement of construction in August 2006 and HK$52 million relating to changes in fair value of investment properties. The earnings per share was HK1.83 cents during the year under review (based on the weighted average number of issued shares) compared with HK3.00 cents in the preceding 9- 
Review of Operations The operational priority during the year under review was to optimize resources and streamline operations and organizational structures so as to improve performance.
Improved yields were extracted from existing assets, both those held for investment and trading income. In this context, the Group channeled considerable financial resources and directed urgent attention to the continuing development of VSBP, which saw the completion of construction of phase 2A adding another 45,500 sm of gross leasable space to the existing 23,500 sm under phase 1. During the year under review, phase 1 enjoyed an average occupancy of over 90% while phase 2A was fully occupied. Reflecting the confidence in the economic future of Shenzhen, the Group started construction of a landscaped park and the construction of the final phase 2B during the year under review. When completed in the second half of 2007, phase 2B will deliver another 65,000 sm of leasable office space and marked the full development of the whole of the phase 2 site.
VSBP has been providing consistently high quality office space and value-added services to its tenants. This has differentiated VSBP from its numerous competitors within the Shenzhen High-tech Industrial Park and throughout Shenzhen. The Group is proud that VSBP has established itself as a location of choice for businesses which require a well-maintained and conducive physical environment backed by reliable quality property management services.
In addition, the newly completed landscaped park provides a tranquil garden environment with water features and a wide-range of recreational facilities, including a jogging trail and basketball and tennis courts. The Group is proud to consider VSBP its flagship property and will continue to position it as a world-class facility.
Like VSBP, the Group s other business park facility, Beijing Vision International Centre (VIC), also enjoyed near full occupancy through the year under review. Indeed, VIC has now established itself as a landmark building and a sought-after address within the Zhongguancun 
During the year, the Group continued to sell more apartments at its two completed residential developments, with the last of the 788 apartments at the Scenic Place project sold in May 2006. Today, Scenic Place has become a popular residential address within the Beijing Xuanwu district. Similarly, The Ninth ZhongShan in Dalian enjoyed steady sales, with about 90% of the 439 apartments sold.
The Group expects that these remaining apartments will be sold during the current financial year.
The Group started working closely with the joint venture partner, FCL China, which holds the remaining shareholding, in the development planning process of the Shanghai Songjiang site. The Group plans to develop this site, which has a substantial 830,000 sm of gross floor area, in multiple phases over the next few years. The project team and consultants have been meticulous in considering all planning aspects so that quality, functionality and aesthetics can blend perfectly to create outstanding homes amidst landscaped surroundings for the most discerning.
Substantial progress has been achieved todate towards the commencement of construction of phase 1, which has an estimated gross floor area of 98,500 sm, comprising 418 terrace and semi-detached houses, a clubhouse and some 8,100 sm of commercial and retail space.

The financial year ending 30 September 2007 is expected to witness full completion of the construction of the entire phase 2 site of VSBP justifiably a milestone event, notwithstanding the unfortunate delay of several years.
Together phases 1 and 2 will offer a combined gross floor area of about 125,000 sm of high-quality space within seven office blocks, supported by a multi-storey car-park building and an amenity center within a lush landscaped park. Concurrently, the Group is continuing to review the master plan concept and the development parameters of the last land parcel of the Shenzhen site referred to as phase 3 of 254,000 sm, with a developable gross floor area of over 400,000 sm. This site is at a strategic location and the Group believes that such a mega development should be carefully planned and executed to ensure success while enhancing Shenzhen s position as an economic powerhouse and vibrant metropolis of the 21st century within the fast-developing Pearl River Delta region. To achieve this vision, the Group hopes to persuade the Shenzhen authorities on the merits of the master plan and the substantial benefits to Shenzhen accruing from the project. The Group hopes that such communication will conclude with an acceptable agreement for this exciting development to proceed, including a possible extension of the now lapsed construction deadline of 31 December 2005. The Group remains fully committed to develop the whole of the Shenzhen site and will accelerate the pace of development to the extent permitted by market conditions to catch up on missed deadlines.
During the year under review, the Group cooperated with the authorities fully so that the public auction of the Scenic Place phase 2 site in Beijing can proceed expeditiously.
Shareholders are aware, from the Company s previous annual and interim reports, that the development process of this site had to be halted in compliance with new regulations promulgated by the Beijing authorities effective from 1 August 2004. This site has now been scheduled for public auction in November 2006, barring unforeseen circumstances. The Group is considering its participation in this auction, which if successful, will enable the repossession and early development of this site, following the success of Scenic Place phase 1.
The Group plans to launch the marketing of phase 1 of the Songjiang project in the second half of 2007. Given its tranquil suburban location, easy accessibility and quality design concept, the Group is confident that the project will be well received. A well-considered marketing plan is being formulated and put in place to promote this luxury high-quality project to the targeted customers. Given its size and market position, this development will help raise the profile of the Group and reinforce its commitment to quality and customer satisfaction.

Following the past several years of restructuring and repositioning the Group s operations and businesses, I am heartened that the Group is now in a better shape than ever before in its recent history to secure a viable future in the competitive real estate sector in mainland China and Hong Kong and to meet the challenges that lie ahead.
Although much hard work is still awaiting to be done, I am confident that the Group is now on the right track to achieve long term profitability by seeking out new investments to grow organically. We are also willing to consider suitable merger and acquisition opportunities if they can expedite the pace of profitable growth.
The Group will strengthen its business development activities and take new initiatives to find and seize new investments in China, especially in cities where the Group already has a presence and a platform to build upon existing relationships with strategic partners, service providers and relevant government bodies. However, where suitable opportunities can be identified, the Group will invest in other cities, including those in inland China which are experiencing rapid economic growth and urban redevelopment. In this connection, we are having ongoing discussions with the Tsinghua Science Park group, our valued partner in the successful development of Vision International Centre, to deepen our cooperation in new investments and businesses. We are also looking to collaborate with our controlling shareholder, the F&N group, to tap into their wide range of business activities in China. With their strengths and expertise in all the major property segments, we are confident of generating a proprietary deal-flow of opportunities for the Group.
With China s economic fundamentals remaining sound, coupled with rapid urbanization and the emergence of a huge middle class enjoying rising disposable incomes and expectations, the Group believes that there will be strong and sustainable demand in all property sectors, such as office, residential, industrial parks and retail, in all major and secondary cities, both coastal and inland.
The future is both exciting and challenging. While we pursue the opportunities, we must remain vigilant to the risk and uncertainty inherent in the fast-changing market place and be guided by prudent commercial principles that aim to deliver an appropriate risk-adjusted return.

We firmly believe that a genuine commitment to good corporate conduct and governance is essential to the sustainability of the Group s business and performance.
The Group monitors developments in governance practices both in Hong Kong and abroad and reviews the Group s policies regularly with the view to enhance the governance process. Where appropriate to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders, we will go beyond regulatory compliance and be driven by principles rather than form.
An effective and robust board of directors whose members are engaged in open and constructive debate and always ready to challenge management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance.
In this context, I am particularly proud that all our directors have discharged their duties diligently and to the highest 
In pursuit of building our business and growth in China, we face various difficulties and uncertainties. It is therefore imperative to strengthen the internal control processes as we expand our activities to maintain a high standard of business ethics and conduct. During the year, the Group refreshed operating rules and guidelines and highlighted the whistle-blower protection policy to all employees to further institutionalize it as a clearly-defined process in which they can report in confidence possible improprieties which may cause damage, financial or otherwise, to the Group or damage to its reputation.

As I begin my fourth year as Chairman of the Board, I am constantly mindful of the support and wise counsel my fellow directors have so graciously accorded me. They have shared my responsibilities willingly and eased the burden of the office. Individually and collectively, the directors have brought their considerable expertise and experience to bear on our decision-making deliberations and I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions in their stewardship of the Group in the years ahead. Accordingly, I wish to extend my heartful appreciation and thanks to all the directors for their 
There were several board changes during the year. Mr.
Lew Syn Pau retired as an non-executive director in January 2006 to devote more time to his other commitments. Mr.
Lew was appointed to the Board in March 2002 and had served as a member of the Executive Committee and Remuneration Committee with distinction. On behalf of the Board, I thank him for his invaluable contributions during his tenure of office and wish him success in his 
I extend a warm welcome to Messrs Lim Ee Seng and Christopher Tang Kok Kai who were appointed in May 2006 as non-executive directors and to Mr. David Chong Kok Kong as an additional independent non-executive director and member of the Audit Committee. In addition, I welcome Mr. Yee Hsien Wee, who was appointed as an alternate director to Ms. Chong Siak Ching in May 2006.
These new directors have impressive credentials and will no doubt extend and diversify the talent base of the Board.
Once again, our employees have discharged their duties and responsibilities with dedication and skills to enable the Group to have better met the challenges it faced. I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the shareholders, customers, bankers and business partners for their trust and unstinting support.
Dr. Han Cheng Fong 
Hong Kong, 3 November 2006 