Chairman s Statement Lim Ee Seng Acting Chairman 
In my capacity as Acting Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors, I am pleased to present this annual report for the financial year ended 30 September 2007 to the shareholders. During the year under review, the Group realized a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$147.2 million, 60.2% higher than the HK$91.9 million reported for the year ended 30 September 2006.
Pursuit of Growth Since the completion in September 2006 of the rights issue, which raised a net HK$270 million of fresh capital, the Group has been better positioned to pursue its strategy for sustainable growth and maximization of long-term shareholder value. Consistent with this strategy, the Group s foremost priority during the year under review was to seek new investment opportunities in mainland China. In this process, the Group identified and investigated many proposals, including participation in public land tenders, in various cities.
While several of these proposals were still under active consideration at the time of this statement, some had to be rejected when they were judged to be commercially unfeasible and, as in the case of participation in government land auctions, four price bids submitted were not sufficiently competitive to secure the sites. In its urgent pursuit of new investments, the Group is careful so as not to overpay for any acquisition, driven by the conviction that its financial resources must be allocated optimally while remaining vigilant to risk and uncertainty. The Group will continue to exercise discipline and prudence in this process and invest only in projects which can meet its 
The Group s priority will be to channel its financial and other resources to speed up the development of the existing land bank and the acquisition of new investments in mainland China. As one of the world s fastest growing economies, mainland China clearly represents tremendous opportunities and the Group s single-minded focus there is the right strategy forward. However, the real estate business in mainland China is intensely competitive. So as to widen market penetration, the Group will leverage on the strength of its controlling shareholder Singapore-based Fraser and Neave (F&N) group s extensive network. Where appropriate, after due consideration of the size of the financial commitment, the Group s strategy may involve participation in joint ventures with the F&N group or other strategic partners to undertake the development of large- scale mixed-use property complexes to benefit from 
Changing Property Market in Mainland China During the year under review, the central government in mainland China continued to introduce and implement a series of measures to cool down the property market and stem the surge in property prices that has put housing out of the reach of the masses, especially those in the rich coastal cities, such as Shanghai and Shenzhen.
Amongst the more significant measures instituted in 2007 were those that enabled the authorities to tighten the approval and supervision process of foreign investments in the real estate sector. In May 2007, policies were introduced to strictly control investments in high-end properties and the establishment of foreign-invested real estate enterprises. Then in July 2007, regulations were introduced to restrict the ability of foreign-invested real estate companies to raise funds offshore for injection of such funds into the companies by way of shareholder 
One recent measure was the fifth 27 basis points increase since March 2007 to raise the benchmark one-year lending rate to 7.29% effective from 15 September 2007. More recently, on 27 September 2007, new measures were introduced to raise the minimum down-payment for the purchase of secondary and investment homes to 40% from 30% and for commercial properties to 50% from 40%, with mortgage period limited to a maximum of 10 years.
In addition, mortgage rates for such properties must be at least 1.1 times the benchmark lending rate. These measures are aimed primarily at tightening credit to deter 
These measures, especially those relating to offshore funding restrictions, can impact the Group s activities to some extent and steps will have to be taken to mitigate or overcome the difficulties without contravening the regulations. The Group is a long-term investor and believes that the measures will lead to the evolution of a stable and sustainable real estate market in China in the longer term and should be viewed positively. As the market forces adjust to be in alignment with the new realities, a healthier business environment will emerge.

Revenue for the year ended 30 September 2007 was HK$128.6 million, 40.0% lower than the HK$214.5 million realized for the previous year ended 30 September 2006.
This lower revenue was due to the reduced sales proceeds from the two completed residential projects as the inventory of units held for sale shrank and lower rental income from Vision International Centre following the sale of seven floors of the building. However, rental income from Vision Shenzhen Business Park (VSBP) was boosted by the lease of the newly-completed office space.
The after-tax profit attributable to equity holders recorded during the year under review was HK$147.2 million versus HK$91.9 million for the previous year ended 30 September 2006. Included in the results of the year under review was a net surplus of HK$80.2 million surplus relating to changes in fair value of investment properties and partially offset by a net provision of HK$36.2 million for doubtful debt in connection with the disposal of interest in the development site in Beijing. The earnings per share was HK2.15 cents during the year under review compared with HK1.83 cents in the preceding 12-month period.
Review of Operations The operational priority during the year under review was to optimize resources and streamline operations and organizational structures so as to improve performance.
Improved yields were extracted from existing assets, both those held for investment and trading income. In this context, the Group directed urgent attention to the continuing development of VSBP, which witnessed the completion of construction of phase 2B in August 2007, adding another 65,000 sm of leaseable office space.
The completion of phase 2B marked the full development of the entire phase 2 site. Together, phases 1 and 2 now offers about 125,000 sm of high-quality space within seven office blocks, supported by a multi-storey car-park building and an amenity center, amidst a landscaped park.
During the year, VSBP continued to provide consistently high quality office space and value-added services to its tenants. VSBP has established itself as a location of choice in Shenzhen for businesses which require a well-maintained and conducive physical environment backed by reliable quality property management services. As an affirmation of this reputation, phases 1 and 2A enjoyed near full occupancy throughout the year. The Group considers VSBP its flagship property and will continue to position it as a 
In January 2007, the Group s 60%-held subsidiary, Vision Huaqing (Beijing) Development Co., Ltd., sold seven floors (with naming rights to the building) and ten car-park lots in Beijing Vision International Centre (VIC) to Sohu.com.
VIC enjoyed near full occupancy throughout the year under review and today stands as a landmark building and a sought-after address within the Zhongguancun 
During the year under review, the Group continued to reduce the remaining inventory of apartments at The Ninth ZhongShan in Dalian. To enhance value and facilitate sales, certain unsold apartments were reconfigured during the year to reduce their floor areas and the Group expects that these resulting smaller apartments will be sold during the current financial year.
The Group continued to work closely with the joint venture partner, FCL China, which holds the remaining 45.2% shareholding, in the development planning process of the Shanghai Songjiang site. With a substantial 830,000 sm of gross floor area, this low-density residential project will be developed in multiple phases over the next few years.
The project team and consultants have been meticulous in considering all planning aspects so that quality, functionality and aesthetics can blend perfectly to create outstanding homes amidst landscaped surroundings. The construction of phase 1, comprising terrace and semi- detached houses, commenced in April 2007.

During the year under review, discussions continued with the relevant Shenzhen authorities with the goal of reaching an amicable resolution to the expired construction deadline and the development parameters of the last land parcel of the Shenzhen site referred to as phase 3 of 254,000 sm, with a developable gross floor area of over 400,000 sm. The Group believes that such a strategically located mega development should be carefully planned and executed with the support of the Shenzhen authorities to ensure success while enhancing Shenzhen s position as an economic powerhouse and vibrant metropolis of the 21st century within the fast-developing Pearl River Delta region.
To achieve this vision, the Group will continue to persuade the Shenzhen authorities on the merits of a new master plan and the benefits that can accrue to Shenzhen arising from this development.
The Group plans to launch the marketing of phase 1 of the Songjiang project in mid-2008. Meanwhile, the plans for phase 2, consisting of walk-up garden apartments and low-to-medium-rise apartments and several blocks of high- rise apartments, were being finalized.
The Group will continue to strengthen its business development activities and take new initiatives to secure acceptable investments in China, especially in cities where the Group already has a presence and a platform to build upon existing relationships with strategic partners, service providers and relevant government bodies. Nonetheless, where suitable opportunities can be identified, the Group will continue to invest in other cities, including those in inland China and which are experiencing rapid economic growth and urban redevelopment.
In order to have the capacity in readiness to fund new investments and acquisitions, the Company expects to enter into agreements soon to raise a HK$500 million syndicated medium-term loan. With this funding capacity in place, the Group will be better positioned to pursue its growth strategy to fulfill the target of expanding the land bank by another 300,000 to 500,000 sm of gross floor area in the current financial year. Besides debt, the Group may consider other funding instruments whenever appropriate so as to optimize its capital structure.
With China s economic fundamentals remaining sound, coupled with rapid urbanization and the emergence of a huge middle class enjoying rising disposable incomes and expectations, the Group believes that there will be strong and sustainable demand in all property sectors, such as office, residential, industrial parks and retail, in all major and secondary cities, both coastal and inland.
The future is both exciting and challenging. The Group will persist with its strategy to seek investments for growth and expansion. In this context, the foremost priority is to build a land bank compatible with its financial capacity.
With high land prices and intense competition for land, the Group must identify market niches in a constantly changing environment, while maintaining a prudent balance between risk and return.

The Group believes that a firm commitment to good corporate conduct and governance is essential to the sustainability of its business and performance. The Group monitors developments in governance practices both in Hong Kong and abroad and reviews the Group s policies regularly with the view to enhance the governance process, while maximising business efficiency.
An effective and robust board of directors whose members are engaged in open and constructive debate and always ready to challenge management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance.
In this context, I am particularly proud that all our directors have discharged their duties diligently and to the highest 
In pursuit of building its business and growth in China, the Group faces various difficulties and uncertainties. It is therefore imperative to strengthen the internal control processes as the Group expands its activities to maintain a high standard of business ethics and conduct. During the year, the Group refreshed operating rules and guidelines and highlighted the whistle-blower protection policy to all employees to further institutionalize it as a clearly-defined process in which they can report in confidence possible improprieties which may cause damage, financial or otherwise, to the Group or damage to its reputation.

Following Dr. Han Cheng Fong s resignation from the Board on 8 October 2007 due to his cessation of employment with Singapore-listed Fraser and Neave, Limited, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, I accepted the appointment of Acting Chairman of the Board to provide continuity. Dr. Han s resignation was accepted by the Board with regret. Dr. Han joined the Board in February 2001 and was appointed as Chairman in October 2003. During his 4-year chairmanship, he served with distinction and provided a bold vision and outstanding leadership to steer the Group to its present- day position, following the massive repositioning and restructuring exercise executed in 2004 and 2005. Dr.
Han s significant contributions and achievements are too numerous to enumerate and the Board records its sincere appreciation of his services.
Ms. Angela Wang Poey Foon, who was appointed in May 2001 as a non-executive director, retired in May 2007 to devote more time to her other commitments. On behalf of the Board, I thank her for her invaluable contributions during her tenure of office.
The Board wishes Dr. Han and Ms. Wang success in their 
As a member of the Board since May 2006, I am mindful of the considerable expertise and experience which my fellow directors, collectively and individually, have brought to bear on our decision-making deliberations. I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions towards the stewardship of the Group in the years ahead. Accordingly, I wish to extend my heartfelt appreciation and thanks to all the directors for their 
Once again, our employees have discharged their duties and responsibilities with dedication and skills to enable the Group to have better met the challenges it faced. I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the shareholders, customers, bankers and business partners for their trust, understanding and 
Lim Ee Seng 
Hong Kong, 2 November 2007 