Chairman s Statement Dr. Han Cheng Fong Chairman 
2003 was a difficult year in which the Group suffered its fourth straight year of losses. The adverse impact of the global uncertainty arising from the war in Iraq, terrorism and the SARS outbreak in East Asia, especially in China and Hong Kong, affected our different projects and businesses to varying degrees. In this challenging environment, we took steps to streamline and rationalise the Group s asset base to maximise the application of our resources. We disposed of several non-core and non- performing assets while at the same time restructured and repositioned the Group s core businesses to improve their performance in the short term and to realise their potential in the longer term. In this process, accounting provisions had to be made for certain assets involved to better reflect their true economic values arising from the changed 
The restructuring and repositioning process, which often involved difficult choices between alternatives and tough decisions, will continue into 2004. I expect that it will eventually change the Group s profile as we respond to the emerging economic realities of the market place.
Concurrent with the restructuring and repositioning process, the Group made progress during 2003 towards improving operational efficiency.
We controlled costs tightly and better managed the allocation of our human resource to activities which we believe possess the greatest potential for extraction of returns. Although our staff strength fell from about 480 to 400 during the year, we now have a more focused management team to underpin our recovery strategy. We believe these initiatives bode well for the future.
We continued during the year to shift our focus and resources to China to take advantage of its attractive business opportunities. Consistent with this strategy, we pumped over HK$460 million of fresh capital during 2003 into our existing projects there.

The loss attributable to shareholders for 2003 was HK$846 million compared to HK$267 million in 2002. This deterioration in the Group s performance was due to the operating losses incurred by the information communication technology business ( Infocomm ), the reduced sales of our Hong Kong portfolio of developed residential properties, the increased marketing expenses of our residential projects in China, and more importantly, the provisions totalling HK$776 million relating to the Shenzhen business park property, the Infocomm business and other 
Although operating provisions decreased to HK$37 million from HK$59 million in 2002, non-operating provisions rose substantially by HK$597 million to HK$739 million from HK$142 million. These non- operating provisions were made in accordance with accounting policies and principles. The single largest provision of HK$583 million was attributed to the remaining undeveloped site of the Vision (Shenzhen) Business Park ( VSBP ) to properly reflect the uncertainty of its future investment potential. A non-operating provision amounting to HK$109 million was also made on the goodwill relating to CyberCity Investments Group (representing the bulk of the Infocomm business) that was acquired in May 2002 in view of its operating losses and the uncertain outlook arising from the termination of our agreement with Edusoft, a leading English language training company, to operate training centres in China. Finally, a provision of HK$40 million was made for our effective 25%-shareholding in an electricity power plant in Wuhu, China to reflect its estimated recoverable amount. This is a non-core asset and is earmarked for disposal. As a result, loss per share rose to HK29.8 cents, up from HK11.3 cents in 2002.
The Group s turnover for 2003 was HK$185 million, representing less than 42% of 2002 s turnover of HK$443 million. The property segment continued to be the key contributor to the turnover, earning HK$162 million, or 88% of the total, compared to HK$416 million or 94% of the total for 2002. The significant drop in the turnover was due to the lower sales achieved in the Hong Kong residential portfolio, HK$81 million in 2003 against HK$413 million in 2002. With a provision of HK$11 million made for developed properties held for sale in Hong Kong, a loss of HK$39 million was recorded in 2003 for the property segment. The loss was due to the considerable marketing and selling expenses incurred to boost sales for Scenic Place in Beijing and The Ninth" ZhongShan in Dalian, especially in the aftermath of SARS. VSBP phase 1 contributed a stable rental income stream of HK$12 million during the year. However, the asset suffered a HK$14 million loss as a result of a revaluation deficit of HK$20 million made to reflect the diminution in its carrying value.

Despite the unsatisfactory financial performance, I should report that we did make considerable progress in several key areas during the year.
Notwithstanding intense competition, our flagship business park (VSBP phase 1) in Shenzhen, recorded a creditable occupancy rate of 93% as at 31 December 2003. In addition, we received approval from the Shenzhen authorities to develop phase 2 in March 2003, some 18 months after the plans were submitted. This phase 2 development will create another 120,000 square metres of world-class business park space and we are now planning its construction. Meanwhile, we are intensifying our marketing efforts to seek high-quality multi-national corporations and domestic users for the proposed development. We are also examining the design and development of the last undeveloped parcel of our Shenzhen site referred to as phase 3 which occupies 254,000 square metres with an existing permissible developable area of 408,000 square metres.
The construction progress of the Group s other residential and business park projects in China was generally on schedule. As at December 2003, the construction of Vision International Centre ( VIC ), which is the maiden business park development of Vision Huaqing (Beijing) Development Co. Ltd., the joint venture company between the Group and Beijing Tsinghua Science Park Construction Co. Ltd., reached the ninth level with four more levels to top-up stage. This high quality building is expected to be ready for occupancy in August 2004. The marketing of about 30,000 square metres of office space in VIC to a select group of multi-national corporations and well-established domestic companies has started.
The construction of the three towers of Scenic Place (phase 1) in XuanWu District, Beijing was completed towards the end of 2003 and as at 31 December 2003, the Group had entered into agreements for the sale of 421 units or 53% of the total 788 units. The marketing of The Ninth" ZhongShan in Dalian started in May 2003 and as at year-end, the Group had entered into agreements to sell 114 units or 26% of the total 432 units.
I am pleased to advise that we secured an enhanced plot ratio of 3.5 times, up from 2.74 times, for our Scenic Place site in October 2003.
This will increase the developable gross floor area by about 94,000 square metres. We are currently planning for the development of the remaining site, which will yield an estimated 297,000 square metres of residential area, 26,000 square metres of serviced apartment, 13,000 square metres of commercialretail area and the remaining area for facilities such as schools and public amenities.
Amidst the tough market conditions in Hong Kong record high unemployment, weak economy and poor business sentiments, aggravated by the SARS outbreak especially in the first half of 2003, we continued to sell-down the remaining units of our three completed residential projects in Hong Kong.
Although a wide-range of cost-cutting measures and consolidation and restructuring steps (including the sale of the Group s 85%-shareholding in loss-incurring Beijing Golden Voyage to the founder shareholders) were implemented during the year, the Infocomm business generated a turnover of HK$11 million and suffered a loss of HK$26 million, excluding the non-operating provision of HK$109 million. It is clear that this performance is unacceptable and immediate and appropriate measures are being taken to stem the recurring losses.

We will focus on optimising our resources and streamlining operations to achieve cost efficiency. The top priority for 2004 is to seek ways to restructure the Group s businesses so as to generate cash flows.
The Group will concentrate its resources on the real estate development business in China. While full commitment and focus are given to the existing residential projects in Beijing (Scenic Place) and Dalian (The Ninth" ZhongShan), and business parks in Shenzhen and Beijing, the Group will explore development opportunities in second-tier cities in China such as Tianjin, Shenyang, Nanjing and Hangzhou where the economic growth is robust. As property development in China faces intense competition, it is urgent for the Group to build a brand name synonymous with quality, innovative designs and a high standard of property management capable of maintaining capital values. We aim to develop projects that offer value-for-money and product differentiation to attract purchasers.
The existing loss-making Infocomm activities will be critically assessed so as to improve their performance. Where it is commercially appropriate, activities maybe restructured, ceased or divested. We intend to complete this review and its implementation by July 2004.
Most importantly, we are collaborating with our two major shareholders, Fraser and Neave and Ascendas to tap into a wide range of business and investment opportunities in China, including fee-generating ones.
With the combination of their strengths and expertise in areas such as business park management, residential property development, shopping mall and serviced apartment management, we are confident of generating a proprietary deal-flow of business opportunities for the 
In addition, we are also seeking ways to expand our business co- operation with strategic partners such as Tsinghua University. With our joint venture in VIC progressing well, the Group is presently in discussion with the University to form and build a world-class pan-China platform to undertake fee-income property management of business parks and other real estate categories. We believe that such a venture holds much promise and will be a catalyst to upgrade property management in China to reach a new standard.
With China as the world s fastest growing economy, I believe the Group s focus there is the right strategy. We will continue to seek out new investment and business opportunities in China while progressing on our existing ones.
Corporate Governance and Investor Relations The Group is fully committed to maintaining good corporate governance and investor relations to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders. In this context, the Group will continue to embrace all best practices in corporate governance, particularly in relation to transparency, keeping shareholders fully informed through effective and timely communication and selecting an effective board with strong and wholly independent directors. We are also working to further strengthen the internal audit process and management control 
I was pleased to accept appointment as Chairman of the Board in October 2003, succeeding Dr. Simon Jiang Xiaoming, who retired to pursue his personal interests. I record here my sincere appreciation of Dr. Jiang s many contributions and achievements over the past 3 1 2 years. I wish Dr. Jiang success in his future endeavours. Likewise, I want to thank Mr.
Michael Kuan Chao and Mr. Charles Chan Wing Ming, who retired from the Board in October 2003, for their past services and contributions to the Group.
Mr. Ang Ah Lay was re-designated from Managing Director to Chief Executive Officer of the Group in October 2003. I wish Mr. Ang success in his expanded role and hope that under his stewardship, the Group will deliver improved performance in 2004 and beyond.
To my fellow directors, I thank them for their untiring energy and hard work over the past year. Individually and collectively, their expertise is unmatched and I am confident that they will continue to make significant contributions to the Group s affairs in the future.
On behalf of the Board, I thank all our employees for their dedication and their understanding in making sacrifices during this difficult time as we take steps to secure the Group s long-term prospects. I look forward to their continued support . I must add my appreciation to our customers, bankers, business partners and shareholders for their trust and unstinting 
Dr. Han Cheng Fong 
Hong Kong, 16 March 2004 