Chairman s Statement Kwee Chong Kok, Michael Chairman Frasers Property (China) Limited like the other corporations in the world had been experiencing macroeconomic shocks in the last financial year. However, with our clear strategy, we have continued to direct our resources towards creating a growing inventory of residential development properties in the greater Shanghai and Pearl River delta region thereby cementing our presence in our target markets. This will further sustain our long- term growth and hence ensuring that our company continues to be a competitive developer in the China property market.
I would like to report on several board changes since Gemdale Corporation s acquisition of more than 56% of the entire issued share capital of our company at the end of September 2012 by its wholly-owned, Hong Kong incorporated subsidiary, Famous 
Mr. Leung Ka Hing, Harry s resignation as Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director of the Company with effect from 30 October 2012 and 20 November 2012 respectively. On behalf of the board, I would like to express our special appreciation to Mr. Leung for his leadership during his tenure of office.
Mr. Cheong Fook Seng, Anthony, Mr. Hui Choon Kit, Mr. Lim Ee Seng, Mr. Tang Kok Kai, Christopher and Ms. Chong Siak Ching s resignations as Non-executive Directors, all with effect from 20 November 2012. As a consequence and with effect on the same day, Mr. Lim ceased to be the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Board as well as a member of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board; Mr.
Cheong, Mr. Leung and Mr. Tang ceased to be members of the Executive Committee of the Board; and Mr. Hui ceased to be a member of the Audit Committee of the Board; and Ms. Chong ceased to be a member of the Executive Committee of the Board. Our company owes much to the dedication and wisdom of these departed Directors.
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Mr. Zhang Xiaofeng as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company; Mr. Wei Chuanjun as a new Executive Director and the Chief Financial Officer of the Company; and Mr. Xu Jiajun as a new Executive Director, all with effect from 30 October 2012; Mr. Ling Ke and Mr. Huang Juncan as newly elected Executive Directors with effect from 20 November 2012.
Notwithstanding the property market in China is still prevailing under cooling measures introduced earlier by the Central government, we remain cautiously positive given a strong persistent inherent demand across the property sectors, both commercial and residential. With the resources of Gemdale Corporation s formidable real estate expertise in more than 20 cities in China and with the restructured Management Team, our Company has secured a much more solid and competitive platform to meet the ever increasing challenges in the real estate development market in China.
Last but not least, I would also like to thank all my fellow Directors for their wise counsel to the company especially during the privatisation and mandatory general offer exercises and to all of our employees for their diligence in discharging their duties in the past year. Their commitment and enthusiasm are core to our company s success. On behalf of the Board, I extend to all our stakeholders, business partners and shareholders, our sincere thanks and appreciation for your continued support.
Michael C. Kwee 
Hong Kong, 29 November 2012 