Chairman s Statement Lim Ee Seng Acting Chairman During the financial year ended 30 September 2010, the Group realised a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$194.0 million (with a total revenue of HK$1,339.8 million) against HK$3.2 million (with a total revenue of HK$124.8 million) reported for the year ended 30 September 2009.
The Group recognised revenue of about HK$1,177.3 million from the first phase of its Shanghai Songjiang development project this financial year. Meanwhile, our investment properties, Sohu.com Internet Plaza (SIP) in Beijing and Vision Shenzhen Business Park (VSBP) phases 1 and 2 in Shenzhen, achieved full occupancy. We also signed a framework agreement with the Shenzhen authorities in relation to the development of VSBP phase 3, thus resolving a long outstanding issue. Riding on the success of VSBP phases 1 and 2, this move will further enhance the Group s competitive advantage and market leadership position in Shenzhen while laying the foundation for stable growth going forward.
With economic growth surging to 11.9% in the first quarter of 2010 and record property price increases in March 2010, China initiated several rounds of measures targeted at cooling the property market. Whilst these measures may have a short term impact on the sector, the strong underlying demand for housing in China will help sustain the property market over the longer term.
In this environment, the Group will continue to be prudent and to take steps to mitigate downside risks where possible, whilst remaining nimble and ready to respond to market changes and opportunities. The Group will channel resources towards the optimal and cost-effective management of its existing portfolio of assets to maximise yields and shareholder value while maintaining long-term sustainable growth.
BUILDING A SUSTAINABLE FUTURE The Group has focused on allocating its financial resources optimally while remaining vigilant to risk and uncertainty. With discipline and prudence, the Group will focus only on projects that meet its strict investment criteria. In the management of its existing development assets, the Group will consider options to improve marketability and focus on delivery capabilities and cost control.

The Group continues to work closely with its joint venture partner, FCL China, in the planning, development and marketing of the Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons project. With over 95% of phase 1 sold, preparation works for phase 2, which will comprise over 250,000 sm of gross floor area, are underway.
Planning approval has been obtained and construction is expected to commence in early 2011.
The Shenyang authorities have still not been able to deliver vacant possession of the Qingniandajie site despite an extension to August 2010. In view of the uncertainty over taking vacant possession, the Group is assessing various options in light of the changing trends and shifts in the Shenyang property 
We believe that Shenzhen has the potential to grow into a key metropolis for Southern China in the years ahead. With well-maintained facilities, a conducive physical environment and reliable high-quality property management services, VSBP enjoyed full occupancy and received numerous accolades from tenants and visitors alike. The proposed VSBP phase 3, comprising a total of 240,000 sm, will build upon the success of phases 1 and 2 and further enhance the business park s investment value when completed.

Given China s sound economic fundamentals, the Group is confident that there will be sustainable demand across the property sector in both major and emerging cities. In particular, the residential sector will benefit as the pace of urbanisation and demand from new family units continues to grow. As such, appropriate effort will be put into exploring growth opportunities for the Group. Immediate priorities for the Group are the commencement of phase 2 of the Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons project and VSBP phase 3.

Mr. Ang Ah Lay s retirement and resignation from the Board with effect from 1 October 2010 was announced on 3 September 2010. Mr. Ang joined the Board and was appointed as Executive Director in December 2002. During his 8-year term, he led the Group through the difficult years of SARS, the massive repositioning and restructuring exercise executed in 2004 and 2005, the 2008 global financial crisis and the rapidly evolving and maturing China property market. The Board would like to express its sincere thanks to Mr. Ang for his invaluable service and contribution over the past 8 years and we wish him the very best in his future endeavours and a happy retirement.
Besides, Mr. Alan Smith will also retire at the conclusion of the forthcoming annual general meeting and has indicated to the Company his intention not to stand for re-election in order to allocate more time to his personal affairs. Mr. Smith has been an Independent Non-executive Director since March 2001 and has served on Audit Committee since May 2001. He has also been the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee since October 2002. Mr. Smith was also the Deputy Chairman of the Company during the period from March 2001 to May 2006. The Board would like to express its sincere appreciation to Mr. Smith for his invaluable contribution to the Company during his tenure.
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to welcome Mr. Leung Ka Hing Harry as Executive Director and CEO of the Company with effect from 1 October 2010. Mr. Leung has also been appointed as a member of the Executive Committee and an Authorised Representative of the Company. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Leung was General Manager of Orient Overseas Developments Limited and he held senior management positions in several property development and construction companies such as the Hong Kong Stock Exchange-listed K. Wah International Group and Paul Y-ITC Construction Group.
I trust that under Mr. Leung s stewardship, the Group will rise to greater heights in the future.
Over the past 3 years as Chairman of the Board, I am constantly mindful of the support and wise counsel my fellow directors have so graciously accorded me. They have shared my responsibilities willingly and eased the burden of office. Individually and collectively, the directors have brought their considerable expertise and experience to bear on our decision-making deliberations and I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions in their stewardship of the Group in the years ahead. Accordingly, I wish to extend my heartfelt appreciation and thanks to all the directors for their service.
Once again, our employees have discharged their duties and responsibilities with dedication and skill to enable the Group to have better met the challenges it faced. I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the shareholders, customers, bankers and business partners for their trust and unstinting support.
Lim Ee Seng 
Hong Kong, 5 November 2010 