On behalf of my fellow members of the board of directors (the Board ) of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited (the Company ), I am delighted to present the annual report for the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group or Goldin Financial ) for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2012 
The past 12 months have been very exciting and eventual ones for our three core business activities. I and my fellow Board members remain confident that all three activities will continue to add value to and enhance Goldin Financial s profitability in the coming months and years.

When financial turmoil began impacting global economies in 2008, few would have predicted the world would still be undergoing crises such as the Eurozone s sovereign debt crisis four years later. In China, economic control measures such as 2011 s raising of the deposit reserve ratio began making it very difficult for small to medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to obtain the financing they needed to expand. While China s consistently high single-digit GDP growth remains the envy of the world, its economic focus is changing. As a result, Mainland companies are now investing more abroad than foreign companies are investing in China. The fact that the country s capital and financial account fell from a US$56.1 billion surplus to a US$71.4 billion deficit in the first two quarters of 2012 meant that cash available to SMEs became even tighter.
Offering a reliable and reputable alternative source of funding for smaller enterprises, our factoring service has proved to be invaluable for growing businesses. The Chinese Central Government s recent introduction of a trial scheme allowing the establishment of factors in the thriving Shanghai Pudong and Tianjin Binhai New Areas is sure to have a beneficial impact on our activities in this sector. Given the positive early response to the trial scheme, we expect that this trend will continue. We planned to devote more resources to our China factoring business by increasing it s capital base and that the years ahead should see factoring cement its position as one of the Group s key revenue generators.

China s consistently strong economic expansion has seen an increase in affluent consumers and an accompanying explosion in demand for luxury goods. Wine has established itself as one of the biggest beneficiaries of these trends. Shortly before the end of FY2011, Goldin Financial acquired the renowned 40-acre Sloan Estate in the most celebrated Napa Valley USA winemaking hub. Still more encouraging news followed in July this year when we acquired the well regarded SLOAN, SLOAN ESTATE and ASTERISK trademarks from their former US owner. In continuing to expand our wine operations, we are now carefully selecting reputable distributors for all of our brands. We are also keen to invest in wine futures as this sector is fast becoming a widely accepted investment tool that offers the potential of very rewarding returns. Besides, we are also investigating the feasibility of opening premium wine cellaring facilities for high-end investors.

Goldin Financial began FY2012 with the July 2011 forming of a joint venture that successfully outbid four competitors to win a Hong Kong Government tender for a 79,200 sq. m. plot of non-industrial land.
Located in a prime location in Kowloon Bay, the office complex we are now constructing there is scheduled to open in early 2015. As one of the first buildings in Energizing Kowloon East project area, the property is sure to attract many of the commercial tenants who will relocate there following the HKSAR Government s announcement that it will rezone the area into a new central business district. Given its huge development potential, Hong Kong property professionals see East Kowloon as the main driver of growth in the local property market during the coming years. As a result, our Kowloon Bay commercial complex will continue to be one of the Group s most high profile activities.

The ongoing European debt crisis and uncertainty about the US s likely economic direction after this November s election mean the outlook for major markets remains unpredictable. Happily for the Group and its stakeholders, China s robust economic health mean future prospects in Asia look far more positive. A combination of these factors has opened and is continuing to open up many exciting investment opportunities for far-sighted enterprises like ourselves.
We have fully capitalized on such opportunities over the past year, thanks to our knowledgeable staff and our diversified and responsive approach.
In the future, we will continue to maximize returns for our stakeholders by cautiously evaluating and swiftly seizing lucrative opportunities both here in Hong Kong, China and all over the world.
In closing, I am delighted to take this opportunity to extend my gratitude to my fellow Board members and Goldin Financial colleagues for their as always diligent, professional contribution to the Group s success.

Hong Kong, 25 September 2012 