Chairman s Statement Dr. Han Cheng Fong Chairman I am pleased to present the much improved results of the Vision Century Group for the year 2004. With a turnover of HK$547 million, the Group achieved a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$16 million, after four years of losses. This positive outcome is testimony to the success of the changes and reforms implemented during the year to streamline and rationalize the Group s asset base, particularly the orderly execution of the restructuring and repositioning process, which started in earnest at the end of 2003. All assets were rigorously managed during the year to enhance their yields in the short term and to realize their full potential in the longer term. The imposition of controls on operating expenses so as to improve productivity and efficiency also started to bear results and contributed to the bottomline in 2004.

The Group s results for 2004 were delivered within the improved operating environments in Hong Kong and China. After several years of economic downturn, Hong Kong enjoyed a strong rebound in 2004, with GDP growth recovering to 7.5% from 2003 s 3.3%, falling unemployment and broad-based increases in capital values and rental in the property sector. The spill-over from China s robust economic growth, the benefits of the Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) and other measures adopted by the Chinese government to promote business activities in Hong Kong combined to speedily restore confidence. The spectacular economic growth that has turned the Pearl River Delta region into a global manufacturing powerhouse continued.
Meanwhile, the Chinese economy continued to surge ahead in 2004, with a GDP growth of about 9.5%, despite the government s efforts to orchestrate a soft landing for the economy to grow more moderately.
Against this bullish background, the Group s real estate activities in Hong Kong and China performed well.
The Group achieved significant progress with the divestment of several non-core and non-performing assets and activities during the year. These included the entire range of the loss-making informationcommunication technology (infocomm) business and the power plant in Wuhu, China.
These disposals have released capital locked in them for redirection into better performing assets and activities. The Group s business focus is now exclusively property development, investment and management.
As at 31 December 2004, 90% of the total assets were domiciled in China, which contributed 85% of the year s turnover. In tandem with this emerging profile of growing property business in China, we have started to allocate more and higher caliber human resource there to support the growing activities.
All the initiatives taken todate are working smoothly and bode well for the future. I believe that the strategic goals achieved in 2004 have created a suitable platform for the Group to deliver better performance in the years ahead. In this context, I am delighted to note that the development of the next phase of Vision (Shenzhen) Business Park resumed at the end of 2004, after several years of delay. This over HK$100 million new investment will contribute to the Group s long-term growth.

The Group recorded a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$16 million (equivalent to HK0.58 cents per share) compared to the loss of HK$846 million (equivalent to HK29.8 cents per share) suffered in 2003. This is a significant turnaround and an indication that the many tough decisions and actions taken are beginning to drive the Group back to profitability.
In particular, the disposal of the infocomm business in June 2004 stopped the recurring operating losses. Meanwhile, the improved sales of the Group s residential projects in Hong Kong and China contributed positively to the bottomline, aided by the slashing of administrative expenses by almost half to HK$25 million. Total provisions made fell to HK$8 million, down from a staggering HK$776 million in 2003.
The Group s turnover for 2004 jumped nearly three-fold to HK$547 million, up from HK$185 million in 2003. This surge in turnover was contributed by the sale of units of the Group s two completed residential projects in China, namely, Scenic Place (phase 1) in Beijing and The Ninth ZhongShan in Dalian. In addition, the Vision (Shenzhen) Business Park (phase 1) contributed a record gross rental income of HK$13.5 million in 2004, an increase of nearly HK$2 million over that earned in 
During the year, the single-minded focus was the optimization of resources and streamlining of operations and organizational processes so as to improve performance. Despite several challenges and unforeseen difficulties, The Ninth ZhongShan project was completed and obtained its occupation permit in July 2004, missing the deadline by some six months. We had acted promptly to resolve those problems afflicting the project and I am satisfied that the situation has now been brought under control. This high quality development is superbly located at the core of the Central Business District of Dalian. As at the end of 2004, 40% of the 432 apartments had been sold. During the year, the Group continued to sell apartments in the completed Scenic Place (phase 1) development, bringing the total to 670, or 85% of the total 788 units.
Vision International Centre, the Group s joint venture project with Tsinghua Science Park Co., Ltd., a subsidiary of the prestigious Tsinghua University, Beijing, was completed in September 2004. Today, this 13- storey high quality and state-of-the-art business park facility located within the Tsinghua Science Park in Zhongguancun, Haidian District, Beijing is recognized as a landmark building. Within 3 months of its completion, the building s occupancy rate (including commitments by tenants) hit a remarkable 85%, exceeding expectations. This achievement was especially commendable in the context of the office glut in Beijing.
Notwithstanding intense competition, our flagship business park in Shenzhen achieved a superb 98% occupancy as at 31 December 2004.
This exceptional performance was due to the tested strategy of offering our tenants the best physical space plus an unrivalled and consistently high standard of property management services.

As mentioned earlier, I am pleased to report that we commenced the development of the first of two parts of phase 2 of the Vision (Shenzhen) Business Park at the end of 2004. The first part will comprise the construction of two medium-rise office blocks and an amenity center, with a combined gross floor area of about 40,000 m 2 . Piling works were finished in February 2005 and subject to all necessary approvals being obtained, we aim to achieve the completion of construction of the buildings by January 2006. Subject to market conditions, the Group hopes to commence the development of second part at the earliest practical date. Meanwhile, a comprehensive marketing programme to secure tenants for the space under construction will be rolled out in China and globally soon.
Concurrently, we are reviewing the design concept and the development parameters of the last land parcel of the Shenzhen site referred to as phase 3 which occupies 254,000 m 2 , with a developable gross floor area of over 400,000 m 2 . The site is at a strategic location in Shenzhen and the Group believes that such a mega development should be planned and executed to enable the city to exert its position as a modern and vibrant metropolis of the 21 st century within the fast-developing Pearl River Delta region. To achieve this vision, the Group is developing a new master plan which can serve as a starting point for discussions with the Shenzhen authorities. We are hopeful that such dialogue will conclude with an acceptable solution for this exciting development to proceed, including a possible extension of the existing construction deadline to beyond 31 December 2005. The Group remains fully committed to develop the whole of the Shenzhen site and will accelerate the pace of development to the extent permitted by market conditions to catch up on missed deadlines.
The development process of Scenic Place (phase 2) had to be halted in August 2004 when a key requirement stipulated under the new regulations promulgated by the Beijing Land Bureau in April 2004 could not be fulfilled. This position is most unfortunate. Nevertheless, the Group is now exploring all feasible options to reach an optimal outcome from this situation.

I am heartened that the Group is now in a better shape to secure a viable future in the competitive real estate sector in China and Hong Kong. Clearly, the Group has emerged from the restructuring and repositioning process transformed and ready to meet the challenges that still lie ahead.
With the completion of construction of the Group s projects in 2004, the priority task of 2005 is to commence the development of the existing landbank and at the same time to seek out new investment opportunities to grow organically. We are also willing to consider suitable merger and acquisition opportunities if they can expedite the pace of profitable 
The Group has strengthened its business development activities to seek out new investments in China, especially in cities where the Group already has a presence and a platform to build on existing relationships with strategic partners, service providers and relevant government bodies. In this connection, we are holding on-going discussions with the Tsinghua Science Park Group, our valued partner in the successful development of Vision International Centre, to deepen our cooperation in new investments and businesses.
We are also looking to collaborate with our two major shareholders, Fraser and Neave and Ascendas to tap into their wide range of business and investment opportunities in China. With the combination of their strengths and expertise in all the major property segments, we are confident of generating a proprietary deal-flow of business opportunities for the Group.
With China as one of the world s fastest growing economies, I believe the Group s focus there is the right strategy. The future is both exciting and challenging. While we pursue the opportunities, we must remain vigilant to the risk and uncertainty inherent in the market place and be guided by prudent commercial principles that aim to deliver an appropriate risk-adjusted return.

We believe good governance is essential to achieve good performance.
Therefore, the Group is fully committed to maintaining good corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders. Here, the Group will continue to embrace all best practices in corporate governance, particularly in relation to transparency, accountability, keeping shareholders fully informed through effective and timely communication and maintaining an effective board with strong and wholly independent directors. During 2004, we reinforced the Board s strength by the appointment of a new independent non- executive director. I am happy that we have a board which provides a good balance of constructive support and challenge to the Group s senior 
I recently completed my first year as Chairman of the Board and must thank all my fellow directors for the total support and wise counsel they had so graciously accorded me. They have shared my responsibilities and eased the burden of the office. Individually and collectively, the directors have brought their considerable expertise and experience to bear on our decision-making deliberations and I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions in the stewardship of the Group in 2005 and beyond.

There were several board changes during the year. Mr. Lai Seck Khui retired as a Deputy Chairman and non-executive director in May 2004.
On behalf of the Board, I record here my sincere appreciation of Mr.
Lai s contributions and services during his term of office. Ms. Angela Wang retired from the Audit Committee in December 2004 and I thank her for her hard work. I am delighted that Ms. Wang is continuing to serve as a non-executive director. Last but not least, I extend a warm welcome to Messrs Goh Yong Chian, Patrick and Hui Chiu Chung, who were appointed in June and December 2004 respectively as non- executive directors and members of the Audit Committee. Both gentlemen have impressive credentials and will no doubt extend and diversify the talent base of the Board.
Our employees have responded positively to the multitude of changes implemented during 2004. It is their combined dedication and skills that have helped the Group through a year of challenges and difficulties.
I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the customers, bankers, business partners and shareholders for their trust and unstinting support.
Dr. Han Cheng Fong 
Hong Kong, 24 March 2005 