Chairman s Statement Lim Ee Seng Acting Chairman 
During the financial year ended 30 September 2009, the Group realized a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$3.2 million (with a total revenue of HK$124.8 million) against HK$8.3 million profit (with a total revenue of HK$123.6 million) reported for the year ended 30 September 2008. With over 90% of its assets domiciled in mainland China and almost all its revenue earned therefrom, the Group s revenue for the financial year ended 30 September 2009 was relatively stable, reflecting the continued strength of the mainland economy and its currency.
In an effort to mitigate the adverse impact of the unprecedented global financial turmoil, China moved swiftly to increase domestic spending by announcing a massive RMB4.1 trillion stimulus package in November 2008. In the first quarter of 2009, China recorded its lowest economic growth rate of 6.1% in almost a decade following years of annual double-digit growth since 2003. However, the economy rebounded strongly to 7.9% in the second quarter of 2009 and accelerated to 8.9% in the third quarter. China is now well-positioned to be the first major economy to recover from the global crisis. Most analysts are predicting China s GDP growth at 8.3% for 2009, reaching or even surpassing 9% for 2010.
In tandem with the global economic downturn, China s real estate sector suffered across-the-board declines in prices and volumes transacted in the last quarter of 2008. However, by the beginning of 2009, some optimism had returned and a rebound in volumes transacted was perceptible as developers cut prices to entice buyers. Housing prices in 70 of the mainland s large and medium-sized cities rose 2.8% year-on-year in September 2009, building on the 2% growth in August 2009, according to the National Bureau of Statistics. It was the highest and fourth consecutive increase after seven months of declines, providing further indication of an improvement in the real estate sector.
BUILDING A BUSINESS PLATFORM FOR GROWTH The Group has focused on allocating its financial resources optimally while remaining vigilant to risk and uncertainty. The Group has exercised and will continue to exercise discipline and prudence in this process and invest only in projects which can meet its criteria. In the management of its existing development assets, the Group will consider feasible options to improve turnaround time and yields and add value to assets, to the extent consistent with prevailing market conditions.
The Group will continue to channel resources towards the optimal and cost-effective management of its existing portfolio of assets so as to maximize yields and shareholder value.
Currently, the Group s operations span across Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Shenyang. All key operating assets performed well during the year. The two business park properties, namely Vision Shenzhen Business Park (VSBP) and Sohu.com Internet Plaza (SIP), enjoyed over 95% occupancy rates during the year under review. Both have established themselves solidly as landmark facilities within their respective districts in Shenzhen and Beijing. Meanwhile, the construction of the first phase of the Group s Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons project was largely completed during the year under review and 90% of the units pre-sold as at 6 November 2009.

Revenue for the year ended 30 September 2009 was HK$124.8 million, marginally higher than the HK$123.6 million realized for the previous year ended 30 September 2008. It is noteworthy that for the first time rental income from the two business park assets surpassed the HK$100 million mark. While sales revenue from the completed residential projects fell, rental income from the business parks rose to HK$117.4 million from last year s HK$85.5 million, boosted by the improving contribution from the leases of VSBP.
This rental growth reflects the Group s improvement in its recurrent income stream and quality cashflows. The Group will continue to enhance the income capacity of these business park assets in the long-term to maximize yield.
The after-tax profit attributable to equity holders recorded during the year under review fell 62% to HK$3.2 million from HK$8.3 million for the previous year ended 30 September 2008.
This result includes a net HK$14.8 million revaluation deficit relating to changes in fair value of investment properties against HK$31.2 million last year. The earnings per share was HK0.05 cent during the year under review compared with HK0.12 cent in the preceding 12-month period.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The operational priority during the year under review was to optimize resource use and streamline operations and organizational structures to improve performance. Improved yields were extracted from the existing portfolio of assets.
With phases 1 and 2 now offering a combined 125,000 sm of high quality space within seven office blocks, supported by a multi-storey car-park building and an amenity centre, amidst a landscaped park, VSBP has established itself as a location of choice in Shenzhen for businesses which require a well- maintained and conducive physical environment backed by reliable property management services. As an affirmation of this reputation, phases 1 and 2 enjoyed consistently near full occupancy throughout the year. Discussions with the Shenzhen authorities on the future development plans for the phase 3 site have achieved much progress and it is hoped that an amicable settlement can be reached soon.
Following the sale of the seven floors and naming right of the building to Sohu.com in January 2007, the remaining space owned by the Group s 60%-held subsidiary, Vision Huaqing (Beijing) Development Co., Ltd., in the renamed Sohu.com Internet Plaza (SIP) enjoyed an occupancy rate of over 95% during the year under review. SIP has continued to maintain its enviable status as a landmark building and a sought-after address within the Zhongguancun district in Beijing.
The Group continues to work closely with its joint venture partner, FCL China, in the planning, development and marketing process of the Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons site. The construction of phase 1 comprising 418 semi-detached and terrace houses has been largely completed and is due to be handed over to purchasers from December 2009.

Going ahead, the Group will pursue further discussions with the Shenzhen authorities with the goal of reaching an amicable resolution to the expired construction deadline and the development parameters of VSBP phase 3 comprising a developable gross floor area of over 400,000 sm. Through these discussions, it is hoped that a mutually beneficial outcome can be concluded during the new financial year so that the development of this strategically located site can start as soon 
The Group will continue marketing the remaining units of phase 1 of the Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons project. Meanwhile, the design of the phase 2 site is being completed. Rigorous market studies have been conducted to ensure that the ultimate concept is capable of fully meeting the needs and demands of the buyers. With its tranquil surroundings, easy accessibility and quality design concept, the project is expected to set a new benchmark for style and luxury in its locality. The Group will monitor the market conditions closely to time the future release of units for sale. Other later phases will be positioned in readiness for implementation as the Songjiang environment evolves and transforms into a choice residential district within 
The Group has started the designing and conceptualization phase for the newly-acquired development site located along Shenyang s busiest thoroughfare of Qingniandajie. The 15,630 sm site has a potential permissible gross floor area of 187,568 sm for commercial use, comprising office, retail and hotel-style serviced apartments. With vacant possession of the site expected by January 2010, the Group is positive about the long-term growth potential of this fast growing capital city of Liaoning province. When completed by about 2014, this development will add yet another landmark to Shenyang s rapidly changing skyline.
It is widely accepted that mainland China s economy has responded well to government pump-priming and easing of credit, resulting in increased domestic consumption. Barring unforeseen circumstances, given China s sound economic fundamentals, the Group believes that in the mid- to long-term, there will still be sustainable demand in all property sectors, such as office, residential, industrial parks and retail, in all major and secondary cities, both coastal and inland.

The Group believes that a total commitment to good corporate conduct and governance is essential to the sustainability of its business and performance. The Group monitors developments in governance practices both in Hong Kong and abroad and reviews the Group s policies regularly with the view to enhance the governance process. Where appropriate to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders, the Group will go beyond regulatory compliance and be driven by principles rather than form.
An effective and robust board of directors whose members are engaged in open and constructive debate and always ready to challenge management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance. In this context, I am particularly proud that all our directors have discharged their duties diligently and to the highest professional standards.
In pursuit of building its business and growth in China, the Group faces various difficulties and uncertainties. It is therefore imperative to strengthen the internal control processes as the Group expands its activities to maintain a high standard of business ethics and conduct. During the year, the Group refreshed operating rules and guidelines and highlighted the whistle-blower protection policy to all employees to further institutionalize it as a clearly-defined process in which they can report in confidence possible improprieties which may cause damage, financial or otherwise, to the Group or damage to its 
As I begin my third year as Chairman of the Board, I am constantly mindful of the support and wise counsel my fellow directors have so graciously accorded me. They have shared my responsibilities willingly and eased the burden of the office.
Individually and collectively, the directors have brought their considerable expertise and experience to bear on our decision- making deliberations and I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions in their stewardship of the Group in the years ahead. Accordingly, I wish to extend my heartfelt appreciation and thanks to all the directors for their 
There were several Board changes during the year. On 18 August, Messrs Patrick Goh Yong Chian and Christopher Tang Kok Kai retired as non-executive directors. Mr. Goh, who had first served as an alternate director since October 2001, resigned following his retirement from Fraser and Neave, Limited (F&N), the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Group. Mr.
Tang, who was first appointed to the Board in May 2006, resigned following the re-organization of responsibilities within Frasers Centrepoint Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of F&N.
The Board expresses its appreciation for their services and dedication and wishes Mr. Goh a happy retirement and Mr. Tang success in his future endeavours.
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to welcome Messrs Hui Choon Kit and Chia Khong Shoong as non-executive directors, effective from 18 August. Mr. Hui, who had previously served as an alternate director from August 2001 to May 2006, has also been appointed as a member of the Audit Committee and Mr.
Chia a member of the Executive Committee. The new directors, both accountants by training, have impressive credentials and will no doubt extend the diversity and refresh the talent base of the Board. I look forward to their contributions.
Once again, our employees have discharged their duties and responsibilities with dedication and skills to enable the Group to have better met the challenges it faced. I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the shareholders, customers, bankers and business partners for their trust and unstinting support.
Lim Ee Seng 
Hong Kong, 6 November 2009 