Chairman s Statement Huang Juncan Chairman I am pleased to present to you the business review and outlook of Gemdale Properties and Investment Corporation Limited (the Company ), and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the fifteen months ended 31 December 2013.
The fiscal year 2013 was an encouraging one for the Group.
Despite the investors tended to take a wait-and-see attitude towards the capital market in Hong Kong, we still completed our new shares issuance, raising approximately HK$700 million in February. This new shares placement not only broadened the capital base, it also introduced many world-class investment funds into the Company which provides solid foundation for the rapid growth of the Group in the future. In May, the Company has been listed as one of the constituent stocks of MSCI China Index in MSCI Global Small Cap Indices. In October, Gemdale Corporation completed the injection of six residential projects into the Company. Together with our newly acquired projects, as of the end of this financial year, we owned a land bank of approximately 4 million square metres, representing an increase of 350% as compared to the end of last year, thus maximising the sales size and profitability in the coming years. In March 2014, the Group also completed a three-year term syndicate loan in the sum of US$185 million with consolidated interest rate at less than 5%. This further provides financial resources to the Group for new land bank acquisition and general working capital for further development.
The Group also achieved record highs in terms of net profit.
Its net profits attributable to shareholders amounted to approximately HK$1,149 million, representing a significant increase of 131% over the twelve months period ended 30 September 2012 in previous financial year. The contracted sales of the Group also set another historical high. For the fifteen months ended 31 December 2013, the Group achieved contracted sales of RMB4,232 million (equivalent to HK$5,357 million). Recognised revenue from property development was HK$37 million, representing an increase of 107% over the twelve months period ended 30 September 2012.
In 2013, the global economy continued to experience a slow recovery from the financial crisis. In the US, the economy continued to grow in slow pace and the Federal Reserve gradually tightened back its third round of quantitative easing.
Meanwhile, the economy in the European Union rebounded from its trough and showed signs of recovery in its economy.
Emerging markets and other developing countries are suffering from the tapering of quantitative easing from Federal Reserve, which causes funds outflow from their economies, drop in currencies and slower economy growth.
In China, its economic growth was relatively stable with a growth rate of 7.7%. Most economic indicators during the year continued to remain positive, easing worries about worsening economic downturn. In particular, the policies stated in the report of the Third Plenary of the 18th Central Committee of China s Communist Party addressed many issues related to the PRC property sector, including the promulgation of regulations and policies on accelerating the urbanisation progress, segregating the management between commercial housing and affordable housing and changing the rural land use, which are favourable to facilitating sustainable and healthy development of the sector.
The property sector in the PRC experienced a high growth rate in 2013, both in terms of transaction volume and prices.
It is resulted from the strong rigid demand in first and second tier core cities while the macro property market was further segmented by the sluggish growth in small and medium cities.
Leading companies in the property sector mostly followed this trend and policy requirements. By focusing on small-to-medium size residential property development with rigid demand, rapid turnaround and flexible operating strategies, they were able to maintain faster growth and larger market share and further enhance sector concentration. Property developers focus in improving the overall efficiency, higher sales turnover and firmly seize the new opportunities brought about by urbanisation, and retain their core competitiveness in the highly competitive and rapidly consolidating market.
The Group s strategy of acquiring new projects has primarily been focus on first-and-second tier cities with large population .
In current fiscal year, the Group acquired four quality plots of land in Shenyang, Xi an and Dalian with total gross floor area of approximately 1.34 million square metres in government land auctions, further enhancing the Group s land reserves in its core region. Based on the land acquisition prices, the average cost of our new land acquisitions in FY 2013 was approximately RMB2,100 per square metre. After the completion of the asset injection by Gemdale Corporation, it added another 1.5 million square metres land bank to the Group. As of 31 December 2013, the Group s overall land bank amounted to a total GFA of approximately 4 million square metres.
The Group s investment properties continued to provide stable cashflow and profits to the Group, with its properties almost fully leased out.
We endeavour to actively take part in every land auction opportunity in cities with selected investments, and follow disciplined investment-decision procedures and to be cautious in bidding. As to investment opportunities, we focused on residential properties with rigid demand and property complexes in the downtown area of the cities. We placed strong emphasis on expanding our land bank in the affluent first- and second-tier cities under Gemdale Corporation s existing operational coverage with the objectives of maximising our scale and strengthening our operations in these existing cities.
In 2013, we sustained our prudent financial management strategies by relying on cash-on-hand and shareholder s loans from Gemdale Corporation for new land acquisitions and controlling our net gearing ratio.
During current fiscal period, we strengthened our equity through new shares placement to mutual funds and Gemdale Corporation for raising cash and paying consideration for acquiring parent company s residential projects. As at 31 December 2013, our net debt-to-equity ratio has been increased to 31% (30 September 2012: 0%), such net gearing ratio is currently within a comfortable range for our operations. In addition, our capital structure is more flexible due to the continuous support from our parent company. As at 31 December 2013, the unpaid land premium amounted to approximately RMB835 million, a low level compared to our overall land bank cost and our peers in 
Looking forward to 2014, the Group will remain focused in expanding sales size and enhancing profitability, while further strengthening its investment in first-and-second tier cities with large population. In terms of business model, the Group s residential property development business will focus on quick-turnover products with first-time home owners and first- time home changing owners as target customers to maintain our sales momentum. The Group will further leverage on our parent company s reputable brand, relationship and financial support to speed up our growth and development. Furthermore, the Group will continue to maintain and develop its comprehensive financing platform to support further growth by leveraging both domestic and overseas financial markets.
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere appreciation to all employees for their hard work and to shareholders for their support. Looking forward to the next five years, we will continue to forge ahead and accelerate our growth and development, enhance our competitive edge and make continual effort to become one of the most successful property developers in China.

Hong Kong, 7 March 2014 