Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to present to you the annual report of Gemdale
Properties and Investment Corporation Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the year ended
31 December 2016.
Market Overview
In 2016, due to the low interest rate and abundant liquidity, a strong
boost in land market and real estate sales market was resulted.
During the year, the real estate recorded a historical high in price
and sales volume, in particular the popular first and second tier
cities. Due to the overheating property market, the PRC Government
adopted housing policies with the splits of levels of real estate
market since the second half of 2016. It curbed the mortgage
loans and property purchase in popular cities. On the other hand,
it encouraged the destocking in third and fourth tier cities with high
properties inventories. At the Central Economic Work Conference
in December 2016, the PRC Government discussed the credit and
money policies and destocking in real estate market. It emphasised
the residential nature of housing and its support over reasonable
demand for credit lines, as well as effective increase in land
supply. Various measures initiated by the PRC Government aimed
at restraining unreasonable housing demand and cooling down the
real estate market in popular cities.
Business Overview And Outlook
Riding on the boost in PRC property market, the Group managed
to record historical high contracted sales of RMB20.15 billion,
representing an increase of approximately 80% over last year.
Sales revenue and profits attributable to shareholders also recorded
historical high of approximately RMB8.71 billion and RMB1,367
million respectively, representing an increase of 105% and 29%
respectively. And we expect this high growth in terms of contracted
sales and net profits would continue in the forthcoming years.
In 2016, the gross profit margin and net profit margin of the Group
were 44.2% and 15.7% which are higher than most of the peers in
PRC real estate business.
In appreciation of the support of our shareholders, the Board
resolved to declare the payment of a final dividend of RMB2
cents per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2016
to shareholders, totaling RMB315.9 million, which is subject to the
approval by the shareholders of the Company in the forthcoming
annual general meeting of the Company.
During the year, the Group also developed a new business line
– investment and management of business parks. Leveraged on
the success of the rental and management of Vision Shenzhen
Business Park Phases 1 and 2 which attract world-class tenants
such as Alibaba, DJI and Intel, the Group managed to acquire
new lands in popular first and second tier cities for development
of business parks. In 2016, the Group has acquired four pieces
of land in Shanghai which would be developed into business
parks. The business park development business would expand
exponentially following the accumulation of management expertise
and brand-establishment.
In order to diversify risks and enhance returns, the Group has
invested in six US property projects. These projects are located
in prime cities in US with strong economic growth – Los Angeles,
New York and San Jose. The Group would also explore property
development or property investment opportunities in London and
Hong Kong as new growth points.
In 2016, China’s real estate market was a robust year and the
Group has adopted investment strategies with primary focus on
first and popular second-tier cities. During the year, the Group has
acquired 14 pieces of new lands for development in Hangzhou,
Kunshan, Nanjing, Shanghai, Taiyuan, Tianjin and Wuhan, with
an aggregate GFA of approximately 2.39 million square meters,
among of which 15% or 363,000 square meters are located in
Shanghai, one of the first-tier cities. Such projects are expected to
bring considerable profits and cash flows to the Group. During the
year, the Group has acquired 74% equity in Guangzhou Guangdian
Property Development Group Shares Co., Ltd. at a consideration
of approximately RMB1.4 billion. Such acquisition would provide
the Group with an additional land bank of approximately 4.2 million
square meters. We believe the completion of this equity stake
would largely increase the overall contracted sales of the Group
and further enhance the scale and position of the Group in the
property market.
Outlook
Looking forward to 2017, the Group would remain focus in expanding
scale in terms of contracted sales and landbank accumulation in the
first-tier and certain second-tier cities with fast economic growth and
large population inflow. The Group would also seek potential equity
merger and acquisition and cooperation opportunities at the same
time. While for commercial properties, the Group would aggressively
expand our business in the development of high-end business parks
and construction management on commercial projects which are
light-asset and could enhance investment returns.
Conclusion
On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere
appreciation to our shareholders, business partners and customers
for their care and support over the past year. I would also like
to take this opportunity to express my gratitude to our directors,
management and staffs for their valuable contributions. We will
continue to forge ahead and accelerate our growth and development,
enhance our competitive edge and profitability and devote our best
efforts to become one of the most successful property developers
in China.
