CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of my fellow members of the board of directors (the Board ) of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited (the Company or Goldin Financial ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2014 ( FY2014 ).
Following our robust performance in the previous financial year ( FY2013 ), FY2014 saw solid and steady growth across our core business segments factoring, wine and real estate. This consolidated the Group on a stronger base and saw us striding forward towards continued expansion and 
2014 marked the fifth successful year for our factoring arm, Goldin Factoring (China) Development Limited ( Goldin Factoring ), which again reported 
In 2009, we became one of the earliest entrants in China s factoring market.
Because of their limited ability to access to funding from banks, small and medium-sized enterprises ( SMEs ) continue to view factoring as an excellent alternative means of fuelling their growth. As of the end of 2013, China had approved the establishment of around 200 commercial factoring companies with a total registered capital of approximately RMB24 billion. Leveraging our well-established and firm position in the PRC s factoring market, we are confident that this business will continue to benefit from the growing demand for services in this area and so looks set to reap further business development 
The PRC s enviably steady economic growth has been accompanied by a rise in the number of affluent consumers who covet high-end luxuries such as wine. As a result, the last few years have seen our wine business make steady strides forward. To this end, we have expanded our winery and grape plantation investments in two of the world s premier winery bases at Napa and Bordeaux. Autumn 2014 will see the beginning of a new harvest and our SLOAN ESTATE and the three Bordeaux vineyards we acquired in FY2013 will start sharing the fruits of what seems likely to be another phenomenal 
In order to further consolidate and expand our wine operations, we are now sourcing reputable distributors for our self-produced Napa and Bordeaux brands. We shall also evaluate any potential new distribution channels in both the PRC and Hong Kong. Our ultimate aim is to strengthen our product mix and seize increased business opportunities to improve our share of the 
The construction of our 27-storey and three-basement level Goldin Financial Global Centre complex has been progressing well. Upon completion, its total gross floor area of 79,200 sq. m. will become a landmark commercial building in the emerging prime location of Kowloon East. Targeted at international commercial tenants seeking A-grade office space, the complex is scheduled to be completed by late-2015 or early-2016.
Kowloon East s steady rise has been empowered by the HKSAR Government s Energizing Kowloon East initiative since 2011. The ultimate aim is to develop the east Kowloon region into a central business district 2 ( CBD2 ). The coming years will see the area achieve this goal through both industrial revitalization and infrastructure development projects. As a result, tenants from various sectors including multi-national corporations and conglomerate are finding CBD2 to be an increasingly attractive strategic business base. One benchmark was achieved in June 2014 when a leading financial institution chose Kowloon East as its strategic business base which marked the largest ever en-bloc office transaction in Hong Kong.
Another landmark for the Hong Kong office market is likely to come with the upcoming launch of the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect pilot programme (the so-called Through Train Scheme ). Due to take place in the fourth quarter of 2014, this cross boarder initiative will help to establish mutual stock market access between Mainland China and Hong Kong. As such, it is sure to increase activities in the banking and finance sector and accelerate the flow of capital between Mainland China and Hong Kong. The resultant enhancement of Hong Kong s image as a major global financial hub should serve to further increase the demand for grade A office space amongst financial institutions for whom Kowloon East remains an attractive 
As we move forward, the outlook for our real estate business remains both positive and profitable. To this end, we remain optimistic about the long-term success of our Goldin Financial Global Centre and the premium Grade-A office buildings in Kowloon East, and will continue to seek suitable investment opportunities in this area.
THE WAY FORWARDS The global economy is currently both rigid and volatile. International strife aside, the Group s main theatre of operations in the PRC, including Hong Kong and China, continues to post Gross Domestic Product growth of around 7%.
As a result, both Goldin Financial and its subsidiaries and stakeholders can continue to look forward to comparatively healthy long-term prospects.
We are very fortunate to have a knowledgeable and experienced team of Board members backed by resourceful staff and excellent support networks.
Offering the twin strengths of being both diversified and agile, we remain perfectly placed to seize opportunities that less responsive rivals are often slow and inflexible to grasp. As we move into FY2015 and beyond, we will continue to strive to maximize returns for stakeholders by taking advantage of those opportunities we have meticulously evaluated from every angle.
I remain both proud and privileged to extend my warm appreciation to my fellow Board members and Goldin Financial colleagues for their unwavering commitment to the Group s success.

Hong Kong, 24 September 2014 