CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of my fellow members of the board of directors (the Board ) of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited (the Company or Goldin Financial ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company for the year ended 30 June 2015 ( FY2015 ).
Following the consolidation of our operations in the previous financial year ( FY2014 ), FY2015 saw steady growth and expansion across our core business segments, namely factoring, wine and real estate, marking the Group s diversification into new businesses and nurturing of its new 
Goldin Financial became a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite MidCap Index in September 2014. Therefore, we are covered by the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and our shares are tradable under the Southbound Trading Link. Furthermore, the Company became a constituent of the FTSE Large Cap Hong Kong Index in March 2015. The Company s status as a constituent of the Hang Seng Composite MidCap Index has been upgraded to the Hang Seng Composite LargeCap Index and that became effective on 14 September 2015.
Inclusion of the Company in the leading market indexes has enhanced Goldin Financial s reputation. The notability of Goldin Financial in the capital market is empowering us to devote earnest efforts continually and to make bold strides beyond for the long-term development of the Group.

FY2015 marked another consecutive successful year for our factoring arm, Goldin Factoring (China) Development Limited ( Goldin Factoring ), which again reported satisfactory performance.
The PRC s commercial factoring industry is sprouting under the country s strategies of the Silk Road Economic Belt and the 21st Century Maritime Silk Road (also known as the Belt and Road Initiative ). In early 2015, the Shanghai Pudong Commercial Factoring Industry Association was established and the first provincial commercial factoring industry association was established in Guangzhou, Guangdong Province respectively. These alliances of the commercial factors to embark on the market management, supervision and services will strengthen the industry practices and disciplines, and foster the domestic inter-factor networks. Additional supportive policies for commercial factoring at the pilot free trade zones are also implemented. We thus expect to have closer cooperation with the peers and to strengthen our cooperative arrangements with other factorsfinancial institutions.
Goldin Factoring is strategically based in Shanghai with well-established market position. Merited with such competitiveness, we will continue to expand and explore the business opportunities in the coming years.

To tap the PRC s huge and affluent wine market, we continue to make steady progress in developing our global wine distribution and marketing strategies. In FY2015, we plan to branch out into wine storage business in the PRC, which marked an important milestone for the year. We are acquiring two cellars situated in Guangzhou and Tianjin free trade zones, which are two of the world s largest wine cellars. The bonded cellars are equipped with state-of-art computerized temperature and humidity control systems and the total storage capacity of over 14 million bottles of 
Treasuring the remarkable location of the Tianjin and Guangzhou cellars running from north to south of China, this proclaims Goldin Financial s strategic wine investments along the golden network. It will bring us a platform for potential international wine trading with easy access by the Group s customers to our wine storage services.

Hong Kong is the only place in the world that allows wine imports to China under CEPA with enhanced customs facilitation measures. To leverage the cross-border Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau connection, the Guangzhou cellar will be perfect for our wine trading and logistics 
The Tianjin cellar is located in Dongjiang Free Trade Port Zone, the only pilot free trade zone in northern China. Poised to become a high- level open platform for the coordinated development of the Beijing- Tianjin-Hebei region, the Tianjin cellar will enhance our wine business in northern China. To synchronize with the Guangzhou cellar, the Tianjin one will help to expand our wine business to the market of the country s 
In August 2015, the Group completed the acquisition of the two wine cellars. Apart from the Group s own wine storage, they will also be used to provide bonded private VIP wine storage services for our wine club 
We will continue to develop and diversify our winery and wine-related businesses resolutely. To this end, we strive to expand our global wine operations, strengthen our product mix and exert the existing platform for any further business integration.

The construction of our Goldin Financial Global Centre complex is well underway. The development was topped out in mid-September 2015 and scheduled for opening in the first quarter of 2016.
Located at the heart of Kowloon East with an approximate 5-minute travel from Kowloon Bay MTR station, Goldin Financial Global Centre comprises 27-storey Grade-A office building with a 3-level basement car park. The 4th floor to 27th floor of the development will be premium office space while ground floor to 2nd floor will function as a zone for specialty and fine dining restaurants.
The development has been precertified at the platinum level under the LEED program of the U.S. Green Building Council and awarded a provisional gold rating from HK BEAM Plus by the Hong Kong Green Building Council. In addition, it is named as one of the key Green Buildings in the Green Map launched by the Energizing Kowloon East Office. The Goldin Financial Global Centre will become a landmark commercial building in the prime location of Kowloon East.
REAL ESTATE (Continued) The development will be targeted at international commercial tenants seeking Grade-A office space. Our Goldin Financial Global Centre will bear Goldin Group s emblem and will house the group s Hong Kong 
Meanwhile, we look forward to the grand opening of our Goldin Financial Global Centre in the coming year. This spectacular event will absolutely signify the rosy prospect for Goldin Financial s real estate business in Hong Kong. We are optimistic about the long-term success of our Goldin Financial Global Centre and the premium Grade-A office buildings in 
THE WAY FORWARD In FY2015, we fortified Goldin Financial on a more solid standing. Given the currently sluggish and faltering global economy, we will continue to monitor and manoeuvre our strategic development and businesses in prudent and efficient manner. As we move into FY2016 and beyond, we will continue our effort to maximize returns for stakeholders by taking advantage of those opportunities we have meticulously evaluated from 
I remain both proud and privileged to extend my warm appreciation to my fellow Board members and Goldin Financial colleagues for their unwavering commitment to the Group s success.

Hong Kong, 29 September 2015 