Chairman s Statement Kwee Chong Kok, Michael Chairman During the past fiscal year, Frasers Property (CHINA) made significant progress in refining its management structure whilst navigating through the challenges of a volatile property market in China. Our strategy is clear : we will direct our resources towards creating a growing inventory of residential development properties for sale in the greater Shanghai and Guangzhou regions thereby cementing our presence in our target markets. This will allow us to realise short-term returns that will fuel and sustain our long-term growth, while continuing to attract the necessary human resources to build out the regional offices thus ensuring that our company will continue to be a competitive developer in the China 
In Shanghai, we are well positioned with a large residential development site with approximately 737,000 sm of permissible gross floor area for future development. Whilst residential units at our Shanghai Shanshui Four Seasons project phase 1 are almost sold out, development on sub-phases 2A and 2B will be our next important milestones.
Construction of sub-phase 2A is progressing on schedule and we are set to meet our pre-sales target in 2012.
Given the current market condition in China, there are opportunities in the Guangzhou area. Whilst phases 1 and 2 of Vision Shenzhen Business Park are fully occupied, development of phase 3 is now in the planning stages. This latest phase 3 development will deliver stable recurring rental income from the expanded Business Park. Consistent with the development strategy of the Company, we will continue to target residential development projects in Guangzhou area.
Although market volatility in China has increased resulting from recent government imposed measures, nevertheless we continue to remain positive on the long term prospects given the fundamentals of the market including a growing middle class, urbanisation and rising per capita income. With expected consolidation of the industry and the basic fundamentals of the China market, we are confident of our ability to realise our stated goals.
I would like to report on several Board changes during the year. Mr.
Alan Smith, Mr. Chia Khong Shoong, Mr. Hwang Soon Chin and Mr.
Gordon Kwong retired as Directors of the Company. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express our special appreciation to Mr. Smith, Mr.
Chia, Mr. Hwang and Mr. Kwong for their invaluable contributions and service to the Group during their tenure of office. At the same time, I am delighted to welcome Mr. Anthony Cheong, Mr. Christopher Tang and Ms. Helen Wong on their appointments to the Board and look forward to working with them in the exciting years ahead.
As I took over as Chairman from Mr. Lim Ee Seng this year, I must acknowledge Mr. Lim s leadership in guiding our company into a financially strong position with a restructured Management Team in place to carry on the momentum created under his Chairmanship. It is my objective, working with my fellow Directors and Management Team, to take our company from this solid platform to the next stage of growth and profitability.
For the results of this fiscal year, I would like to extend my appreciation to my fellow Directors for their wise counsel and to all of our employees for their utmost commitment and diligence in discharging their duties.
To all of our stakeholders, business partners and shareholders, our sincere thank you for your unflagging support.
Michael C. Kwee 
Hong Kong, 4 November 2011 
