Chairman s Statement WE BELIEVE THAT OUR EXPANDING BUSINESS EXPOSURE IN CHINA WILL BEAR FRUIT IN THE YEARS 
Jiang Xiaoming, Simon Chairman On behalf of the Board, I present the annual report of Vision Century Corporation Limited for the year ended 31 December 2002.

Despite the improvements achieved in our operations and financial position, 2002 was a difficult year for the Group. The loss attributable to shareholders for 2002 amounted to HK$267 million, compared to the HK$397 million loss incurred for 2001. Loss per share was HK11.3 cents (2001: HK23.8 cents).
Given the unfavourable performance, the Board is not recommending any final dividend for 2002.
Although the Group s financial position improved in 2002, the loss suffered is still not welcome news for our shareholders. Nevertheless, shareholders can be assured that the main reason for the loss was that the Group, like many other companies, was hit by Hong Kong s sluggish economy with uncertain prospects and a weak residential property market, which struggled with over-supply and, as a result, capital values came under significant downward pressure. Buyer sentiments and confidence were battered as developers competed aggressively to unload stocks by offering a myriad of incentives and special discounts. Amid this competitive environment, the Group managed to sell a substantial part of its developed residential projects.
Meanwhile, we continued during the year to shift our focus and resources to China, a process that started in 2001, to take advantage of more attractive 
A rights issue which raised HK$350 million was completed in May 2002.
This strengthened the Group s capital structure and improve its liquidity position. More importantly, it demonstrated our shareholders continued support and confidence in the Group s future.
The proceeds from the sale of the Group s developed residential units in Hong Kong further boosted the Group s cash inflow during the year. As a result, total bank and other borrowings fell by a significant 48% to HK$387 million as at 31 December 2002 from HK$740 million a year earlier. Likewise, net debt (all borrowings less cash on hand) declined by 90%, from HK$607 million as at 31 December 2001 to HK$60 million as at 31 December 2002.
Together with the availability of undrawn facilities totalling HK$100 million, the Group is now well-positioned to fund the financial requirements of existing activities and to invest in new business opportunities for further growth and profits.

The Group s strategic directions will continue to focus on growing and expanding business activities in China in our three core sectors: business parks, residential real estate developments and technology services (especially those complementary to real estate requirements). While seeking to maximize synergies and returns in our existing investments, we will also identify new business opportunities to achieve sustainable profit growth.
As at 31 December 2002, about 81% of our total assets are located in China, with the balance in Hong Kong. However, the China assets generated only 6% of turnover in 2002. This imbalance is unsatisfactory and we will seek to extract higher yields from the existing assets in China through more aggressive management, including restructuring the assets to enhance economic value and reduce costs to become more competitive.
With the global economy in doldrums and the major economies in the U.S., Japan and Europe remaining sluggish, China with its robust economic growth looms like a beacon for foreign investors. The Chinese economy grew an impressive 8% in 2002, driven mainly by domestic consumption and investments. Foreign direct investments reached US$50 billion in 2002, out- performing the previous year s US$46 billion and 2000 s US$40 billion.
The Group pumped over HK$400 million of funds into China, both to grow existing projects and to acquire new investments. This is consistent with the Group s steadfast commitment to focus on China, the world s most populous nation with a rapidly growing economy. We believe that our expanding business exposure in China will bear fruit in the years ahead. As the country continues with its reform process, now being accelerated by its admission to the World Trade Organization, we expect that there will be attractive investment opportunities for the Group.
To more effectively service and manage our growing activities in China, we will channel more human and other resources to upgrade and expand our platform and infrastructure in the cities where we operate. We expect that this process will allow us to exploit synergies and efficiencies resulting from economies of scale, while at the same time deepen and broaden our network of relationships in China.

During the year, we entered into a joint venture with Beijing Tsinghua Science Park Development Construction Co., Ltd, a subsidiary of prestigious Tsinghua University in Beijing. The maiden project of the joint venture is to develop, manage and operate a building to be named Vision International Centre in Tsinghua Science Park located within Beijing Zhongguancun (next to Tsinghua University).
Vision (Shenzhen) Business Park Co., Ltd. ( VSBP ) Phase 1 continued to enjoy high occupancy during the year. We are now assessing the feasibility of commencing the development of Phase 2 in the context of the changing economic environment of the Pearl River Delta region.
The construction of our high-rise residential projects, Scenic Place in Beijing and The Ninth, Zhongshan in Dalian proceeded on schedule during the year. In view of the favourable economic outlook in China and to facilitate the effective execution of these two projects, we increased our shareholdings of both Scenic Place and The Ninth, Zhongshan. Following several acquisitions from the minority shareholders, the Group is now the sole shareholder of both projects.
During the year, we sold over 75% of our Hong Kong portfolio of residential developments. The Group s holding in this sector has been significantly reduced, thus minimising the risk exposure to further potential decline of 
Consistent with the Group s strategy to grow technology activities as the third core business, especially those complementary to real estate, we completed the acquisition of two strategic assets in technology services during the year, one in educationtraining group and the other in enterprises network group, both operating in China. We have consolidated the operations of the technology group and we expect to enjoy economies of scale and synergies in 2003 and beyond. We will have to be innovative and creative to respond to customers changing needs and expectations while managing operating costs to stay competitive.

The Group will pursue profit maximization through improvements in operational efficiencies, stringent cost management and optimal allocation of capital and resources. Our priority is to extract higher returns from our portfolio of assets, especially those which have underperformed due to various constraints. The Group has sufficient financial resources to seize attractive investment opportunities as they become available. Nevertheless, we will always exercise prudence as the business environment is still fraught with 
Going forward, in view of the healthy economic outlook of China and the maturity of our two PRC residential projects, we are cautiously optimistic that the performance of 2003 will improve, barring unforeseen circumstance.
However, with the war in the Middle East, heightened tension in the Korean Peninsula and continued economic weakness in the major economies around the world, we must be prepared to react quickly to changing market conditions 
Corporate Governance and Investor Relations The Group has always placed a premium on good corporate governance to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders.
We have embraced and will continue to embrace all best practices in corporate governance, especially relating to transparency, keeping shareholders fully informed and having an effective board with strong and wholly-independent 
We were sorry to see the departure of our Managing Director, Mr Chua Tiow Chye in October 2002. Mr Chua had served the Group with distinction during his two years in office. Let me record the Group s appreciation for his many contributions and achievements. I would like to welcome Mr Ang Ah Lay who became the new Managing Director effective from 1 December 2002.
Given Mr Ang s extensive management experience, I am confident that the Group will advance further under his leadership.
It has been my pleasure during the year to work with the Group s committed staff at all levels, in both Hong Kong and China. I want to record my appreciation for their contributions and dedication during the year and I look forward to their continued efforts in building the foundation for our 
I would also like to express my deep appreciation to my fellow directors for their continuing guidance and wise counsel. More importantly, I thank our customers, bankers, business partners and shareholders for their continued and invaluable support.
Jiang Xiaoming, Simon 
Hong Kong SAR, 12 March 2003 