Chairman s Statement Lim Ee Seng Acting Chairman 
It is in the light of the prevailing financial crisis and volatility that I present this annual report for the financial year ended 30 September 2008 to the shareholders. During the year under review, the Group realized a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$8.3 million, compared with the HK$147.2 million reported for the year ended 30 
The coordinated responses to the international financial crisis from governments of the major economies Britain, France, Germany, US, Japan, China and South Korea have hitherto been unable to calm the worldwide market turmoil. By late October 2008, the crisis has deepened as stock prices across the world declined sharply, with Japan s Nikkei 225 Average battered to a 26-year low after falling 6.36% on 27 October. The many measures and initiatives taken by the governments to rescue ailing financial institutions will need time to prove their effectiveness in unfreezing lending. Meanwhile, governments and regulators across the world are moving swiftly to tackle the challenges posed by the global financial meltdown, the most daunting of which is to stave off a major 
After years of annual double-digit economic growth, and with more than US$1.9 trillion in foreign reserves as well as a closed financial system that protected it from toxic US assets, China seemed less affected by the crisis. However, China announced on 20 October 2008 that its economy expanded by 9% in the three months to the end of September 2008 its first slide into single digits since 2005 and its lowest growth rate since 2003 as demand for Chinese goods, property and other investments weakened. Across the Pearl River Delta region, large numbers of workers have been laid off as factories closed in rapid response to shrinking export volumes, the property market across the country slowed and confidence in stock markets plunged. As at 27 October, the Shanghai Composite Index has fallen 67.25% so far in 2008. Clearly the world s fourth biggest economy will not escape unscathed from the financial meltdown and 
BUILDING A BUSINESS PLATFORM FOR GROWTH As outlined in last year s Chairman s Statement, consistent with the strategy to pursue sustainable growth and maximization of long-term shareholder value, the foremost priority during the year under review was to seek new investment opportunities in mainland China. In this process, the Group identified and investigated many proposals, including participation in public land tenders, in various cities considered to be vibrant and fast-growing. However, as stated in that Statement, in the pursuit of new investments, the Group has been selective so as not to overpay for any acquisition, driven by the conviction that its financial resources must be allocated optimally while remaining vigilant to risk and uncertainty. The Group has exercised and will continue to exercise discipline and prudence in this process and invest only in projects which can meet its criteria.
In this context, the Group secured a prime commercial development site in Shenyang at a public land auction on 2 July 2008 at a cost of RMB386 million (approximately HK$434 million).
As the global crisis starts to take its toll on the mainland s economy, the outlook for the property market has turned negative, with some analysts predicting a meltdown because prices are too high, especially in the first tier cities which have enjoyed substantial price appreciation in recent years; some developers are over-leveraged and cash-strapped; and certain cities are over-supplied in some sectors. Already, cities like Shenzhen are experiencing steep corrections, with prices down as much as 40% from a peak a year 
Revenue for the year ended 30 September 2008 was HK$123.6 million, marginally lower than the HK$128.6 million realized for the previous year ended 30 September 2007. It is noteworthy that for the first time as much as 69% of this year s revenue was contributed by the rental income from the two business park assets. While sales proceeds from the completed residential projects fell as the inventory of units available for sale shrank, rental income from the business parks rose to HK$85.5 million from last year s HK$63.5 million, boosted by the maiden full year contribution from the lease of the newly-completed phase 2B of Vision Shenzhen Business Park 
This robust rental revenue growth augers well and reflects that the Group now has built up a considerable stream of recurrent income and quality cashflow. The Group will continue to enhance the income capacity of these business park assets in the long-term to maximize yield and mitigate the inherent lumpiness of development income.
The after-tax profit attributable to equity holders recorded during the year under review fell 94% to HK$8.3 million from HK$147.2 million for the previous year ended 30 September 2007. Included in the results of the year under review was a net HK$31.2 million revaluation deficit relating to changes in fair value of investment properties while the results of the previous financial year had recorded one-off gains from the disposal of seven floors of Sohu.com Internet Plaza and disposal of interest in the residential development site in Beijing. The earnings per share was HK0.12 cent during the year under review compared with HK2.15 cents in the preceding 12-month period.
REVIEW OF OPERATIONS The operational priority during the year under review was to optimize resources and streamline operations and organizational structures so as to improve performance. Improved yields were extracted from the existing portfolio of assets, both those held for investment and trading income. With the recent acquisition of the development site in Shenyang, the Group has expanded its footprint into a fifth city in the mainland, in addition to its presence in Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen 
The completion of phase 2B of VSBP in 2007 marked the full development of the entire phase 2 site. Together, phases 1 and 2 now offer a combined 125,000 sm of high-quality space within seven office blocks, supported by a multi-storey car-park building and an amenity center, amidst a landscaped park. VSBP has established itself as a location of choice in Shenzhen for businesses which require a well-maintained and conducive physical environment backed by reliable quality property management services. As an affirmation of this reputation, phases 1 and 2 enjoyed consistently high occupancy throughout the year. The Group considers VSBP its flagship property and will continue to position it as a world-class 
Following the sale of the seven floors and naming right of the building to Sohu.com in January 2007, the remaining space owned by the Group s 60%-held subsidiary, Vision Huaqing (Beijing) Development Co., Ltd., in the renamed Sohu.com Internet Plaza (SIP) enjoyed an occupancy rate of over 95% during the year under review. SIP has continued to maintain its enviable status as a high-quality landmark building and a sought-after address within the Zhongguancun district 
The Group continued to work closely with the joint venture partner, FCL China, which holds the remaining 45.2% shareholding, in the planning, development and marketing process of the Shanshui Four Seasons site in Songjiang, Shanghai. The construction of phase 1 comprising 418 semi-detached and terrace houses is scheduled for completion in early 2009 and marketing started in July 2008. As at the time of writing, about 64% of the first launch of 136 units had been pre-sold. This performance is most satisfactory in the context of the current difficult market conditions. The Group will continue to monitor the market closely so as to time the future releases of the remaining units for sale in alignment with the anticipated market 
During the year under review, fresh and formal discussions commenced with the Shenzhen authorities with the goal of reaching an amicable resolution to the expired construction deadline and the development parameters of the last land parcel of the Shenzhen site referred to as VSBP phase 3 of 254,000 sm, with a developable gross floor area of over 400,000 sm. Through these discussions, it is hoped that a mutually beneficial outcome could be concluded during the new financial year so that the development of this strategically located site can start by 2010. The Group hopes that this future development will help enhance Shenzhen s position as an economic powerhouse and vibrant metropolis of the 21st century within the fast-developing Pearl River Delta region.
The marketing of the rest of phase 1 of the Shanshui Four Seasons project will continue at a pace commensurate with future market conditions. With its tranquil surroundings, easy accessibility and quality design concept, the project is expected to set a new benchmark for style and luxury in its locality. Meanwhile, the plans for phase 2, consisting of walk-up garden apartments and low-to- medium apartments and several blocks of high-rise apartments, were being finalized.
The Group has started the designing and conceptualization phase for the newly-acquired development site located along Shenyang s busiest thoroughfare of Qingniandajie. The 15,630 sm site has a potential permissible gross floor area of 187,568 sm for commercial use, comprising office, retail and hotel-styleserviced apartments.
With vacant possession of the site expected by January 2010, the Group is positive about the long-term growth potential of this fast growing capital city of Liaoning province. When completed by about 2014, this high-rise development will add yet another landmark to Shenyang s rapidly changing skyline.
It is widely expected that mainland China, which is the Group s almost exclusive place of investment and operations, is poised to experience slowing economic growth, declining exports, increasing unemployment and a weakening property market in 2009 and possibly into 2010 in the face of the global financial turmoil and looming recession. The mainland central government is expected to put in place a stimulus package with emphasis on various aspects such as developing China s small-and medium-enterprise sector, maintaining stable trade growth, strengthening its domestic investment, controlling consumer prices, ensuring the health of capital markets while monitoring risk and improving social welfare which includes measures to support home ownership. It is hoped that such measures will be sufficient to fend off the headwind of the global financial meltdown and ensure China s continued economic growth, albeit at a lower rate than the past decade. Given China s sound economic fundamentals, relative liquidity and state of growth, the Group believes that in the mid-to long-term, there will still be sustainable demand in all property sectors, such as office, residential, industrial parks and retail, in all major and secondary cities, both coastal and inland.
The next 12 months will be filled with challenges and opportunities.
The Group will persist, albeit cautiously and prudently, to seek out attractive investments for growth and expansion. With the current global liquidity crunch and falling property prices worldwide, this may be the appropriate time for the Group to seek out attractive investment opportunities within its funding capacity, while striking a right balance between acceptable risk and return expectations.

The Group believes that a total commitment to good corporate conduct and governance is essential to the sustainability of its business and performance. The Group monitors developments in governance practices both in Hong Kong and abroad and reviews the Group s policies regularly with the view to enhance the governance process. Where appropriate to safeguard the interests of the shareholders, lenders and other stakeholders, the Group will go beyond regulatory compliance and be driven by principles rather 
An effective and robust board of directors whose members are engaged in open and constructive debate and always ready to challenge management on its assumptions and proposals is fundamental to good corporate governance. In this context, I am particularly proud that all our directors have discharged their duties diligently and to the highest professional standards.
In pursuit of building its business and growth in China, the Group faces various difficulties and uncertainties. It is therefore imperative to strengthen the internal control processes as the Group expands its activities to maintain a high standard of business ethics and conduct. During the year, the Group refreshed operating rules and guidelines and highlighted the whistle-blower protection policy to all employees to further institutionalize it as a clearly-defined process in which they can report in confidence possible improprieties which may cause damage, financial or otherwise, to the Group or damage to its reputation.

I would like to thank all my fellow directors for the total support and wise counsel they had so graciously accorded me. They have shared my responsibilities and eased the burden of the office. Individually and collectively, the directors have brought their strong expertise and diverse experience to bear on our decision-making deliberations. I am confident that they will continue to make invaluable contributions in the stewardship of the Group in 2009 and beyond.
Once again, our employees have discharged their duties and responsibilities with dedication and skills to enable the Group to have better met the challenges it faced. I look forward to their continued commitment. I must add my appreciation to the shareholders, customers, bankers and business partners for their trust, understanding and unstinting support.
Lim Ee Seng 
Hong Kong, 7 November 2008 