I and my fellow members of the board of directors (the Board ) of Goldin Financial Holdings Limited (the Company ), are once again proud to bring you the annual report for the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group or Goldin Financial ) for the fiscal year ended 30 June 2013 ( FY2013 ).
Following a fairly eventful FY2012, the period under review was a welcome 12 months of consolidation for our three core business activities. With many opportunities opening up to us, it has been a particularly vintage year for our wine operations. With more capital now available for our wine to expand, the Board and I are confidence about our potential. We therefore anticipate striving to create further value for ourselves and our shareholders in the years ahead.

FY2013 marked the fourth year Goldin Factoring (China) Development Limited ( Goldin Factoring ) has been operational. Both reliable and reputable, Goldin Factoring has been an excellent alternative source of funding for medium-sized enterprises. The freeing up of cash companies can use to expand from formerly tied-up accounts receivables is of huge benefit to China s expanding entrepreneurial 
Major developments affecting our factoring operations were the Shanghai Municipal People s Government s August 2012 granting of the company s request for around three-fold increase in capital, to US$399,670,000 and the entering into a domestic factoring agreement with a PRC enterprise in December 2012. As at 30 June 2013, Goldin Factoring had been injected the additional capital of US$200,000,000.
While the economies of the United States and Europe remain weak, we will adopt a cautious strategy towards the monitoring of our business risks in selecting clients of high credibility and remain responsive to the Chinese Government s measures affecting our business.

The last few years have seen our business in this area make encouraging progress following our acquisition of the renowned 40- acre Sloan Estate vineyard in the US s celebrated Napa Valley winemaking hub and the popular SLOAN, SLOAN ESTATE and ASTERISK trademarks from their former US owner.
Due to an excellent grape harvest in September 2012, our Napa Valley wine production had increased this year. The vineyards in Napa Valley, USA, remain high on our list of potential acquisitions. Such steps are to ensure the supplies of top quality grapes that has thus far held our wine production activities.
In December 2012, we took our wine activities to the next level when we began acquisition of a 95% interest in a French corporation which owns and operates three vineyards from the internationally renowned oenologist Michel Rolland and his family Chteau Le Bon Pasteur, Chteau Rolland-Maillet and Chteau Bertineau Saint-Vincent covering 15 hectares in the country s Bordeaux wine making hub.
Completed on 30 May 2013, our initial acquisitions in Bordeaux are already beginning to formulate branding and target customers. We plan to market our premium wines of Chteau Le Bon Pasteur internationally while the other two brands will target middle-class customers, especially those in the increasingly vibrant Mainland Chinese market.

After our joint venture s successful bidding of the land parcel in Kowloon Bay in August 2011, we are now constructing our Goldin Financial Global Centre , a landmark commercial building in this prime location of Kowloon East. The finished development one of the most business-friendly buildings in the district will stand an impressive 27-storeys high and boast a total gross floor areas of 79,200 sq.m., targeting international commercial tenants seeking A-grade office space. With the foundation works for the office complex are nearing completion, the main construction works will soon begin and the building is on track to welcome its tenants in the fourth quarter of 2015.
With the Hong Kong government s clear positioning Kowloon East as the new core business centre (CBD2) and the Energizing Kowloon East initiative remaining a priority for the government, our Goldin Financial Global Centre are likely to bring great revenue potential and long term success for the Group.
The Way Forward With global market turbulence now heading into its fifth year, ongoing concerns such as the future sustainability of the Euro mean the outlook for major markets remains anything but certain. Happily for Goldin Financial and its stakeholders, Mainland China s comparative economic strength mean long-term prospects for Asia look far more positive.
The past year has seen us leverage such opportunities whenever and wherever possible. As 2012 wine futures prices stand at a level most industry experts regard as very reasonable, we consider it an ideal time to invest in more premium wine futures. In moving forwards, we are also actively seeking to extend our long-term purchase plans to include more premium top-tier Chteau in Bordeaux, France.
Fortunate to be staffed by knowledgeable and resourceful people empowered by excellent networks, we can take real pride in capitalizing on a diversified and responsive modus operandi. The coming years will see us continue to strive to maximize returns for our stakeholders by cautiously evaluating and swiftly taking advantage of lucrative opportunities around the world.
In closing, it is my great privilege to extend my gratitude to my fellow Board members and all our staff for their as always tireless contribution to the Group s success.

Hong Kong, 17 September, 2013 