I am pleased to report that the Group performed well in the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2008. For the 16th year in a row since listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ), turnover growth increased, rising 19.6% year-on- year to US$4,919.9 million in the year under review. This encouraging growth was due to continued progress in the footwear manufacturing business as well as rising sales in the Greater China wholesale and retail sales operations. The Group s net profit attributable to equity holders increased 30.4% year-on-year to US$468.7 million for the fiscal year as a result of profitable operations and the gain from the listing of Pou Sheng 
During the year, the Group produced 255.1 million pairs of shoes, representing a rise of 9.9% compared with the previous year.

The Group was able to increase revenue and net profit throughout the year despite the volatility in commodity prices. With the benefit of careful planning, the Group was able to manage the rising wages as well as currency fluctuations seen in the manufacturing business.
Ever since inception, the Group has been committed to offering a comprehensive range of manufacturing services to its customers. These 
customers have benefited from this unwavering commitment and have accordingly given the Group their 
The Group has worked relentlessly to meet customer needs in the various product categories and has continued to enjoy expansion in its customer base. This persistence has allowed the Group to maintain its leading position in the footwear manufacturing business and continue to gain market share. The growth rate of the Group s revenue growth from footwear manufacturing outpaced the rate of the global footwear market.

Improving production efficiency and implementing effective cost-saving measures are key targets of overall Group strategy. The Group s strategy also emphasizes the need for our dedicated management team and diligent workforce to focus on the common goal of providing value- added services to our customers despite the ongoing challenges in the operating environment.
The investments in research and development and in maintaining production capacity ensure that the Group operates its footwear manufacturing efficiently. Cost savings for the supply chain are realized through flexible production line set- ups and procedures that shorten production lead times.
For the financial year wholesale and retail sales operations in the Greater China region continued to experience solid growth. Turnover in this area soared 73.8% year-on-year to US$849.0 million. By the end of September 2008, the Group operated about 2,118 directly operated storescounters under subsidiaries and about 2,610 directly operated storescounters under joint ventures in 
In the wholesale operation, the total number of distribution points for our three exclusive licensee brands Converse, Hush Puppies and Wolverine was about 2,976 in the Greater China region. The Beijing 2008 Olympics was a tremendous success and international brand names sponsored advertising campaigns to raise their profile in the Greater China Region. These two activities will further promote consumer spending on athletic footwear and apparel in the Greater 
Financial year 2008 was an important year for the Group as Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ), the company holding the retail operations in the Greater China region, was successfully listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 6th June, 2008. This listing has not only allowed the Group to strengthen its financial position but also created a new avenue for fund raising to support the fast growing operations of the retail business. Given the size and infant state of the athletic footwear and apparel markets in the Greater China region, Pou Sheng will be an important growth driver for the Group in the future.

Despite the challenging conditions in the manufacturing environment, the Group was able to do well on the back of its economies of scale, vertically integrated manufacturing processes and investment in product development. The Group s associated companies and jointly controlled entities were better prepared for the challenges of financial year 2008. Their efforts to restructure their organizations and reset their business directions have paid off. As a consequence, these entities provided a decent contribution to the Group s 
Momentum in footwear manufacturing and recurring strength in mainland China retail operations led to growth in Group turnover in the first quarter of fiscal 2009. For the three months ended December 2008, the Group recorded a 21.1% year-on-year rise in turnover to approximately US$1,354.9 
The Group expects to see moderate growth going forward in light of the dampened consumer spending arising from the economic recession in the mature countries such as the USA, Japan and Europe. The economic recession is a product of the credit crisis brought about by the collapse of the sub-prime mortgage market in the USA. This credit crisis has also made banks reluctant to lend to small and medium sized businesses which will lead to further contraction in manufacturing capacity. As a consequence, financially strong manufacturers like the Group will have the opportunity to receive more orders from brand customers.

10 Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited Annual Report 2008 
Chairman s Statement (continued) 
Growth in Group Turnover for Q1 FY 2009 
We will continue to follow our capacity expansion plans for our three existing production bases in mainland China, Vietnam and Indonesia, based on the sourcing requirements of our customers. Opportunities to expand our production base in the inner provinces of China will also be pursued. We will continue with the development of our industrial estates in Vietnam and Indonesia. Our early entry into these two countries has allowed us to accumulate in-depth knowledge of the local operating requirements, and our presence in these countries will continue to increase over time.

Turnover from our China wholesale and retail sales operations will grow at a slower pace compared to the previous year as the operations have grown significantly and that senior management will now focus on improving efficiency. The Group has an impressive sporting goods distribution network throughout the mainland, selling products belonging to both international and local sporting goods brands. We believe the Beijing 2008 Olympics have set the stage for many years of growth in the consumption of athletic goods.

Our portfolio of stores, ranging from single-brand to multi-brand, mega- stores and factory outlets, allows us to sell to many different categories of 
On 6th June, 2008 we successfully listed Pou Sheng on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Now the retail business under the Pou Sheng Group will be a key growth driver for the Group for many years to come.

Annual Report 2008 Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited 11 
The Group achieved steady growth last year and we believe the coming year will be one of reinforcement.
The China wholesale and retail sales operations should continue to grow albeit at a tempered pace. The footwear manufacturing side should continue to benefit from further consolidation of the supply chain and contraction of manufacturing capacity.
The key challenge will arise from the economic weakness all over the world.
However, we believe the Group is well-positioned to weather 
The Group s strength, in terms of its manufacturing operations and its China retail network, is a unique business model. Our management will continue to create value for the shareholders through careful planning and committed efforts for substainable 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.

Tsai Chi Neng 
