The Group has changed its statutory financial year end to 31st December from 30th September for fiscal 2012 and the audited financial statements for the current period covers the fifteen months from 1st October 2011 to 31st December, 2012. The change is to coincide the statutory financial year end date of the Company and Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ) with the statutory financial year end date of major operating subsidiaries which are incorporated in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ).

During fifteen month reporting period ended 31st December, 2012, the Group s sales to its customers were lighter than expected. Given previous historical patterns, management s expectations at the beginning of the year were that the European Cup in June 2012 and the Olympics in August 2012 would ensure notable sales growth of athletic footwear in the current period. However these positive business factors were negated by the uncertainties arising from the different regions in the world. Economic and financial issues affected the European Union ( EU ) and caused volatility within the financial markets of the EU. The US presidential elections created open discussion of many issues, like the Fiscal Cliff, and at times created that the impression that the US government would become dysfunctional. The common economic themes in both Europe and the USA were: government expenditures had to come down, the cost of social benefits was becoming a significant burden and tax revenues had to rise.
The economic slowdown trend in the PRC continued from 2011, with the pressure of GDP slowdowns, inflation continued and RMB appreciated, causing the apparent weakening of consumer sentiment and expenditure. Our customers felt these uncertainties would adversely affect consumer demand for their products in the various regions and they decided to carry lower levels of inventory compared to earlier years. As a consequence the Group only saw a tepid increase in shoe manufacturing sales and a satisfactory increase in the sales of its retail arm. During this current period fraught with uncertainties, the management team of the manufacturing operations retained a watchful eye over costs so that recurring profit margins were stable. However challenges arose from various angles. Minimum wages across the different Asia regions continued to go up in accordance with government regulations. Efficiency issues with respect to newly opened factories as well as high staff turnover in certain factories, created upward pressure on costs. The increase in social benefits in the PRC also led to higher costs.
Inflation across the Asia region generally also made it difficult for management to control costs.

For this current period, the Group experienced sales growth both for its shoe manufacturing business as well as the retailing business, as compared to the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2011. Consolidated turnover of the Group increased by 30.5% to US$9,193.2 million, compared to the last fiscal year s US$7,045.4 million. When looking at the business units making up the consolidated turnover figure, the Group s retailing flag ship Pou Sheng achieved sales of US$2,182.5 million, an increase of 37% compared to the previous fiscal year. In the current period, net profit attributable to equity holders of the Group, increased by 38.7% to US$623.7 million compared to last fiscal year s figure of US$449.8 million. For Pou Sheng circumstances were more challenging so that it experienced a net loss attributable to equity holders of US$69.2 million compared to last fiscal year s net profit figure of US$53.7 million.

During the current period, the Group produced 393.3 million pairs of shoes, representing an increase of 20.4% compared to the previous period. Following last fiscal year s trend, Asia region, which includes both manufacturing and retailing activities was the largest market represented 42.5% of the Group s sales. The USA market was next with at 28.1% and finally Europe was the other significant region at 20.2% of the Group s Sales. The remaining balance encompasses all smaller markets including South America, North America (excluding the USA) etc. accounted for 9.2%.

For the current period it was generally observed that consumer spending in the PRC was weak compared to the last fiscal year. In the recent years, the sports production business under the shoes and apparel industry chain has expanded excessively because of the rapid growth, at the same time consumers demand over apparel products changed, that is why homogeneous competitions happened among both brand owners and retailers, which led to a slowing down sales, an accumulating inventory, and an increasing effort of discount clearing. At the end of the current period, the Company had 3,659 directly operated storescounters and 2,276 sub-distributors within its PRC retail network. Pou Sheng s new management team will focus on improving operating efficiency in the coming years so that the business will primarily operate in the 1st and 2nd tier cities. Less discounting, better inventory management and higher sales yield per unit of floor space, will help the business return to profitability over time. The long term prospects for the business remain excellent given the PRC should still see economic growth for many years to come and consumer incomes should also move up during this period.

The general rise in price levels across Asia have made it necessary to actively plan ahead for manufacturing activities undertaken in the region. Factory management has been focusing on the Group s supply chain processes and multiple manufacturing bases across the different regions in Asia to gain significant advantages over other manufacturers.
Factory management also works closely with the brand name customers to pursue the best designs at the beginning so as to achieve more automation and simplicity.

The Group s associate companies and jointly controlled entities have performed better in the current reporting period. These business entities combined for the current period provided a profit contribution of almost US$114.0 million a significant step up compared to last fiscal year s US$62.5 million. Quite a few of these entities benefited from their competitive strengths that enabled them to take business away from their competitors. These competitive strengths should continue to benefit these businesses as weaker participants will likely be forced out of the respective industries given the difficult economic 
Annual Report 2012 9 
The Group believes in the importance of sustainable development and always incorporates the concept in its long term planning. Sustainable development has been given due consideration in the areas of supply chain management, human resource management, industrial process management and end to end supply chain management. Fundamental principles have been established across all plants to facilitate sustainable development. One set of standards has been created for moral conduct and values. An organisational structure has been created that all factories must follow.
Incentives have been established to reward plants that achieve the designated standards. The factories strive for a happy working environment in which employees want to work in. Factories aim to pursue the best practices for 
For the two months ended February 2013, Group turnover had increased by 0.3% year-on-year to approximately US$1.1 
The global economic environment in 2013 should be stable. On balance there are many signs that the US economy is gradually improving. Many agree that Europe has already avoided the worst outcomes and should begin to see economic improvement. Consumption and economic activity in the PRC should pick up as the new personnel in the Government assert their authority to lead the country forward. Both manufacturing and retail businesses will go through business enhancement processes in 2013 in preparation for better times in 2014. The long term trends for the sales of athletic footwear and apparel continue to be favourable with the steady global growth in the number of consumers, and the long run growth of customer incomes.

The retail business is in a stage of transition and should be better than the level of performance achieved in 2012. Better times should be seen in 2014 and later.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their supports. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.

Tsai Chi Neng 
