Chairman’s Statement
LOOKING FOR SUSTAINABLE GROWTH
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to present the annual results of Yue
Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (the “Company”
and together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for
the financial year ended December 31, 2016 to the
shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”).
In 2016, the global economic environment stabilized
but our bus ines s continued to f a ce many
uncertainties. The repercussions of subdued
economic activity from the previous years lingered
on, economic growth in the United States
decelerated, and growth in Europe expanded at a
slower pace. Overall consumer sentiment in the US
and some parts of the EU has recovered, yet this
was overshadowed by geopolitical uncertainties
around international trade due to Brexit and rhetoric
concerning policies of the new Trump regime in the
US. China economy growth continued to decelerate,
as it shifts orientation from export and investment
to domestic consumption. Facing these challenges,
we continued to deliver superior results with both
our manufacturing and China retail businesses.
The operating environment for our manufacturing
business remained challenging in 2016. Many
factors continued to affect our manufacturing
business, namely rising cost structure, more rigid
government policies, and a surge in minimum
wages across countries. Facing these challenges,
we continued to rebalance and optimize our
production capacities in different countries. Besides,
w e h a v e p u t mo r e s tr a t e g i c emp h a s i s o n
transforming our business focus from ‘economies of
scale’ to ‘economies of value’, introducing more
innovative services and solutions as well as further
integrating our supply chain. This has enhanced our
competitiveness and value proposition. Despite the
challenging environment, the Group produced 322.0
million pairs of shoes in 2016, a 1.4% growth year
on year.
Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited (“Pou
Sheng”), our sport-wear retail business in China
continued to see a turn-around during 2016 under
the auspice of high-profile international sports
e v e n t s s u c h a s t h e 2016 UEFA Eu r o p e a n
Championship and the Rio Olympics, as well as
growing consumer awareness around personal
fitness. The consumption trend in China continued
to gear towards athleisure and performance
sportswear, with an emphasis on wellness and a
healthy lifestyle. Moreover, consumer spending on
sportswear and sport related activities is expected
to grow further on the back of favorable government
policies and initiatives announced in 2016, such as
the National Fitness Program (2016-2020) and the
Health China Outline (2030), aiming to support the
sports industry and drive consumption towards
sporting activities.
As major international athletic and performance
brands continue to actively explore opportunities
and establish their brand presence in China, Pou
Sheng continued to partner with leading global
brands to navigate the complex domestic retail
environment and to actively engage with Chinese
consumers. It also further focused on building the
core competencies of its omni-channels, as well as
diversifying its product offerings to attract a broader
consumer base. As of the end of 2016, Pou Sheng
had 5,560 directly operated stores/counters and
3,199 stores operated by sub-distributors in China.
The consolidated revenue of the Group increased by
0.5% to US$8.5 billion, compared to US$8.4 billion
recorded in the financial year 2015. The profit
attributable to owners of the Company increased
37.0% to US$534.6 million, compared to US$390.2
million earned in year 2015. The rise in net profit
w a s m a i n l y d u e t o o p e r a ti o n a l e ffi c i e n c y
improvements in both the footwear manufacturing
and retail businesses. Pou Sheng achieved sales of
US$2,443.7 million, an increase of 6.2% compared
to the previous financial year. In 2016, Pou Sheng
generated profit attributable to owners of US$88.4
million, an 37.1% improvement when compared to
the previous financial year which had a net profit of
US$64.5 million. The improvement in Pou Sheng’s
performance reflects the resilient demand for
sportswear in China, as well as continuous
improvements in its store efficiency.
The Asia region continued to account for the
ma jorit y of the Group’s s a les for both it s
manufacturing and retail activities, contributing a
total of 48.7%. The US and Europe markets
accounted for 24.7% and 19.8% of the Group’s
sales respectively. The rest of the world accounted
for the remaining 6.8%.
The Group’s a s soc i a tes and joint ventures
contributed a combined profit of US$66.8 million,
compared to a contribution of profit of US$82.2
million in 2015.
Looking ahead, the Group will closely monitor
changes to geopolitical and trade policies that may
impact the industry value chain globally. To ensure
manufacturing efficiency, we will continue to
maintain flexibility and explore options to deal with
a n y p o t e n ti a l c h a n g e s w it h i n t h e Gr o u p’ s
manufacturing supply chain. The Group will continue
to invest in new technologies that can offer
enhanced solutions for our brand customers, in
areas such as automation, innovative materials and
manufacturing processes. The ability to provide a
full range of services and solutions, from design,
manufacturing and retail distribution across Greater
China, will further enable the Group to expand its
strategic partnerships with brand customers who
are increasingly looking to expand their presence to
capture opportunities arising from growing
consumer spending on health and fitness globally.
For the retail business, our mission remains to offer
our customers with more expertise and better
sports experiences at higher efficiency. Our strategy
focuses on expanding our omni-channels in first and
second tier cities, distributing a more diverse range
of brands and products such as kids wear, as well
as delivering tailored sports-related experiences and
promotions.
The Group aims to better serve the changing
preferences of Chinese consumers, particularly for
international athleisure and functional footwear and
apparel. We are also optimistic about the long-term
prospects of the sportswear industry in China as a
result of the government’s ongoing promotion of
sports and growing self-awareness about health and
fitness among consumers.
Just as sport is essential for maintaining a healthy
body, we believe that sustainable development is a
requirement for a healthy business. We share the
same values as our brand customers, including a
commitment to ma int a ining an ethi c a l and
responsible supply chain. We are also committed to
cultivating corporate social responsibility and
integrity within the Group’s fundamental principles
and core values. We will focus on fulfilling our
sustainable development strategy by complying with
labor protections, occupational health and work
safety regulations, and green manufacturing, while
providing training and talent development to fulfill
our corporate social responsibilities.
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company
(the “Board”), I wish to thank our customers,
suppliers, business associates and shareholders for
their support. I would also like to offer special
thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and
contributions throughout the year.
Lu Chin Chu
Chairman
Hong Kong
March 24, 2017