I am pleased to report that the Group had firm performance in the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2009. For the 17th year in a row, after its listing on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, on the back of a solid foundation turnover grew compared to the previous year, rising 2.0% to US$5,016.9 million in the year under review. This level of activity was achieved due to further consolidation in the footwear manufacturing business as well as the sales growth experienced by the Greater China wholesale and retail sales operations,. The Group s net profit attributable to equity holders fell 0.9% year- on-year to US$464.7 million for the fiscal year due the high base comparison for fiscal 2008 which included the gain from the listing of Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ) on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong.

During the year, the Group produced 246.2 million pairs of shoes, representing a decrease of 3.5% compared to the previous 
Operations during the year were dependable for the Group, despite the slight decline in manufacturing turnover, due to the more favourable environment for manufacturing activities and the Group s solid financial position. During this operating year, the decline in the global economy curtailed demand in various areas which 
in turn greatly reduced the inflation momentum for input prices related to manufacturing activities. The reduced level of inflation and volatility had allowed the Group to better manage its costs within its 
During the year, bank loan departments increased the credit standards to be met by their customers. This had an adverse impact on small and medium sized manufacturers.
In some instances, these smaller companies found it necessary to terminate their operations.
International brand name customers cautiously observed the ongoing viability of these small and medium sized manufacturers. In some cases, these customers decided to place more of their orders with larger manufacturers who were less affected by the tightening of bank credit. The Group has been in existence for more than twenty years and is a reputable listed company. The Group has relationships with many banks in the international banking 
Although the operating environment has been difficult, the Group has kept a close watch of customer needs in the various product categories. This vigilance has helped the Group strengthen the relationship with its existing customers. This attention to customer needs has allowed the Group to keep its position as the leader in the footwear manufacturing business 
Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited " Annual Report 2009 
Chairman s Statement 
and to further grow its market share. The Group has seen its market share grow gradually over the past decade. The percentage rate of decline in the Group s turnover attributable to footwear manufacturing, was lower than the percentage rate of contraction experienced by the global footwear market.

The Group consistently looks for ways to improve production efficiency and to introduce new cost- saving measures so that its operations will be competitive compared to other industry players. The Group s management team is attentive to the business and the factory workforce is industrious. Both together strive for the common goal of providing value- added services to the Group s customers regardless of the challenges in the operating 
investment in product development and in maintaining production capacity means that the Group can operate its footwear manufacturing with the highest level of efficiency.
Cost savings from the supply chain are realized through the simplification of complex procedures and the identification of components or materials that can be standardized within the 
For the financial year wholesale and retail sales operations in the Greater China region continued to experience strong growth.
Turnover in this area grew 19.6% 
year-on-year to US$1,015.5 million. By the end of September 2009, the Group operated about 2,377 self-run storescounters under subsidiaries and about 2,206 storescounters under joint ventures in mainland China.

In the wholesale operation, the total number of distribution points for our two exclusive licensee brands Hush Puppies and Wolverine was about 1,245 in the Greater China region.
On the whole major companies selling athletic footwear and apparel in the Greater China region experienced sales growth during the year. The international athletic brands continued to expand their advertising campaigns to elevate their profile in the Greater China region. The Group maintained its standing as one of the leaders in wholesale and retail sales of athletic footwear and apparel in the Greater China region.

When compared to previous reported years, Pou Sheng, the company holding the retail operations in the Greater China region, experienced a mild deceleration in activity due to the slow down in domestic demand after the Olympics and the moderation in global consumer demand triggered by the global downturn. These challenges have slowed the growth trend for turnover and profit as observed in previous years. However given the size and infant state of the athletic footwear and apparel market in 
the Greater China region, senior management believes that Pou Sheng will soon return to a trend of strong growth and continue to serve as the key driver for the Group s turnover and earnings growth in the future.

Due to the restructuring and careful planning implemented by the Group s associate companies and jointly controlled entities in the previous year, the profit contribution from these business entities for the current year had increased compared to last year.
The restructuring and planning was particularly effective for those entities involved in manufacturing and selling apparel and those entities selling into the North American market.
Consistent with past practice, the Group is not involved in the day to day management of these investments. No further investments were made in these two asset categories during the 
Turnover declined in the first quarter of fiscal year 2010 due to the exceptionally strong order flow for the same period last year. For the three months ended December 2009, the Group turnover declined by 3.4% year-on-year to approximately 
On the manufacturing side, the Group expects order flow from its brand name customers to be stable for the rest of the financial year. When looking at 
Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited " Annual Report 2009 
research on consumer spending, it appears that consumers still have a strong desire to purchase athletic or casual shoes. With World Cup South Africa taking place in June and July of this year, consumers of athletic footwear and apparel may be 
leading athletic brand names have been able to attract attention to their apparel and footwear goods during major 
Input cost pressures continue to exist as commodity prices and minimum wages for factory workers across Asia, trend upwards. Governments in the developed world want the PRC government to allow its currency, the Renminbi, to appreciate further. Since July 2005, the Renminbi has appreciated by 21%. Further appreciation of the currency will hurt export related manufacturing in the PRC.

Turnover from the China wholesale and retail sales operations will grow at a steady rate, as management has spent the past year fine tuning operating efficiency and refining its relationships with the various regional joint venture partners operating throughout China. The Group owns one of largest distribution networks of athletic apparel and footwear in the mainland, selling both international athletic brands as well as local brands. The Group s network encompasses around 10,000 points of sale 
across China and is also a valuable platform that can help other international brand names sell their apparel or footwear to consumers in China.

Global demand for athletic footwear is likely to strengthen in the coming year given the improving economic outlook and sports events like World Cup South Africa. Sales of sportswear products in China will continue to benefit from the strong consumer spending in China and the trend of growing consumer interest in athletic apparel and footwear.

Being a manufacturer in the shoe manufacturing industry is challenging. Major brand name customers prefer to give their orders to factories that have a sound financial position.
Major brand name customers also require these factories to make a commitment to recycle, reuse or reduce waste emissions to protect the environment.
These factories are also expected to meet Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) needs.
The Group has a dedicated department of experienced individuals to address CSR and environment issues with its brand name customers at all the different factory locations across 
We will continue to play a leading role in the global supply chain for the athletic and casual footwear industry. The Group will continue to be a leader in 
the Greater China region for the retail distribution of athletic footwear and apparel.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last 
Tsai Chi Neng 
