For the 15th year in a row since listed on the stock exchange of Hong Kong Limited, turnover growth increased, rising 12.5% year-on-year to us$4,114.1 million in the year under review.

number of pairs of 
I am pleased to report that the Group performed well in the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2007. For the 15th year in a row since listed on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ), turnover growth increased, rising 12.5% year-on-year to US$4,114.1 million in the year under review. This encouraging growth was due to increased contributions from the Greater China wholesale and retail sales operations, as well as the steady performance of our core footwear manufacturing businesses. The Group s net profit attributable to equity holders increased 1.6% year-on-year to US$359.4 million for the fiscal year.
we saw steady growth in revenue and net profit throughout the year despite the volatility in crude oil prices and petrochemical material prices. wage rises and currency fluctuations also created uncertainty for the manufacturing operation.
Nevertheless, the Group continued to achieve impressive growth given our ability to provide a comprehensive range of services to customers. Our commitment to serving client needs in the manufacturing business is recognized by our customers, without whose support the Group would not have been able to achieve such outstanding growth.
we broadened our product categories to meet existing customers sourcing requirements and at the same time expanded our customer base. As a result, we continued to gain market share and maintained our leading position in the branded footwear manufacturing business. The Group accounts for about 17% of the combined wholesale value of the global branded athletic and casual footwear market. And once again, the growth rates of the Group s volume output and revenue growth on footwear manufacturing outpaced those of the global market as 
we also continued to improve production efficiency and implement effective cost- saving measures. Our dedicated management team and diligent workforce worked together to provide value-added services to our customers amid a challenging operating environment. The Group believes that our investments in research and development and in upgrading machinery will enhance the overall efficiency of footwear manufacturing. Flexible production line set-ups and innovative production procedures can also help reduce production lead times, resulting in cost savings in the supply chain.
During the period under review, we saw unparalleled growth in the wholesale and retail sales operations in the Greater China region. Turnover in this area soared 48.8% year-on-year to US$488.4 million. By the end of September 2007, the Group operated about 1,214 self-run storescounters under subsidiaries and about 1,716 storescounters under joint ventures in mainland China.
In the wholesale operation, the total number of distribution points for our three exclusive licensee brands Converse, Hush Puppies and wolverine was about 2,600 in the Greater China region. The strong growth in domestic consumption in mainland China, coupled with increasing demand for sports shoes and apparel, should continue to underpin demand for sporting goods there. The Olympic Games, to be held in Beijing in August 2008, is expected to boost sporting goods consumption further, helped by major advertising campaigns by many international and local brands.

Annual report 2007 Yue Yuen industrial (Holdings) Limited 09 
In view of this, the Group has taken the opportunity to expand the retail distribution network aggressively over the last year, and has become one of the major players in sporting goods distribution nationwide. Additional resources and management power will be put into developing the Greater China wholesale and retail sales operations going forward.

The Group s strategy of horizontal expansion will continue, and we believe the challenging operating environment will provide the Group with the opportunity to expand further, thereby enhancing our position as the largest branded footwear manufacturer.
Our investments in retailing in mainland China should continue to bear fruit, with our operation there expected to enter a new period of growth next 
Although the manufacturing environment in the past year continued to be challenging, the Group managed to maintain its growth and profit margins by leveraging on its economies of scale, improving efficiencies and expanding its retail operation. Some associate companies, and especially jointly controlled entities, however, found the business environment particularly tough. They have undergone organizational restructuring and have reset their business directions. This resulted in substantial losses, which undermined the Group s bottom line performance.

Sustained growth in footwear manufacturing and a surge in mainland China retail operations boosted Group turnover in the first quarter of fiscal 2008. For the three months ended December 2007, the Group recorded a 16.8% year-on-year rise in turnover to approximately US$1,121.6 million. Our efforts to deliver high-quality service and to be client- focused have resulted in increasing order flows. The timely expansion of our mainland retail network is riding the wave of rising domestic consumption, and this has led to the leap in turnover growth.

Chairman s statement (continued) 
10 Yue Yuen industrial (Holdings) Limited Annual report 2007 
operated in the mainland under our subsidiaries and about 1,700 storescounters operated under joint ventures 
The Group s business should continue to grow, but we are well aware of the potential impact on US retail sales from the sub-prime mortgage problem. On the cost side, oil prices remain at a high level and there is constant inflation pressure on wages. The potential appreciation of the Chinese yuan and the implementation of new regulations on labor will exert further pressure on manufacturers with production bases in the mainland.

The Group is well-prepared for the challenges, having weathered surging oil prices since the second half of 2004. we have also witnessed additional consolidation among footwear suppliers in the last three years, and believe our leading position will be enhanced given our operating leverage and production 
we are pressing ahead with capacity expansion plans in our three existing production bases of mainland China, Vietnam and Indonesia, in line with the sourcing requirements of customers. The production base in China will be diversified further to tap the labor sources available in different geographical regions. Meanwhile, the development of new industrial estates in Vietnam and Indonesia is on schedule. Our early entry into these two countries has given us valuable experience in operating large-scale factories there, and the new facilities will boost our presence in these two 
Turnover from our China wholesale and retail sales operations should continue to grow, with further investment in organic growth and in joint ventures with local retail chain operators in various regions. The Group has built up an extensive sporting goods distribution network throughout the mainland, selling products for international as well as local sporting goods brands. The Olympic Games in Beijing should spur on consumption of sporting goods in 2008, underpinning further growth for the Group. we have also diversified the type of stores that we are operating from single-brand to multi-brand, mega-stores and factory outlets catering for a wider spectrum of 
sales points in mainland China for 3 licensee brands 
Annual report 2007 Yue Yuen industrial (Holdings) Limited 11 
Turning to the restructuring of the retail operation, on 12th December, 2007, we announced plans to spin off and separate list Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited and its subsidiaries on the main board of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The restructuring would effectively consolidate the retail business under the Pou Sheng Group. The rationale and benefits of the proposed spin-off are numerous: It would help achieve operational focus; increase management focus and motivation; provide a new source of capital; and, enhance valuations. It is intended that assured entitlement to certain Pou Sheng shares would be provided to existing shareholders of Yue Yuen by way of preferred application in any offering of new Pou Sheng shares in the listed 
The Group achieved steady growth last year and is looking for the momentum to be sustained in the coming year. The fast expansion of the China wholesale and retail sales operations and the sustained order flow on the footwear manufacturing side should underpin overall growth. There will be challenges on the cost side due to rising oil prices and wages. However, I believe the Group is well-positioned to weather these challenges. The adoption of effective cost-control measures and our ongoing quest for efficiency improvements will underpin the Group s operating performance. Meanwhile, the timely expansion of our mainland China wholesale and retail sales operations has started 
The Group is now stronger in terms of manufacturing and its China retail network than it was a year ago. And management continues to deliver on creating value for the shareholders through an effective growth strategy.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.
tsai Chi neng 
