eAmid the changing global 
nvironment in 2010, the Group kept on aiming to produce wide spectrum of shoes to global brand names by timely 
economic growth in China, steady pick-up in the USA and modest revival in Europe resulted in better consumers spending in sports and casual goods among regions.
Anticipated inflation in Asian countries caused by imbalanced global economic revival pace pushed labor cost going up in the Group s main manufacturing bases. Major raw material prices are also estimated to be in up trend due to soaring prices of certain industrial natural resources, especially those 
With the opportunities and challenges, I am pleased to report that the Group had 
in the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2010.
Consolidated turnover of the Group compared to the previous year, rising 15.4% year-on-year to US$5,788.2 million. Out of the consolidated turnover, US$1,323.8 million contributed by the Group s retailing flag ship, Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ), recorded 15.9% year- on-year growth. Net profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by a modest 3.2% year-on-year to US$479.5 million for the fiscal year, whilst, Pou Sheng marked an impressive improvement of US$21.3 million net profit attributable to Owners of Pou Sheng comparing with US$3.7 million loss in previous 
During the year, The Group produced 286.4 million pairs of shoes, representing an increase of 16.3% compared to the previous year. Turnover, including manufacturing and retailing, generated in Asian regions top the list of the Group s sales by a share of 39.3%, the USA market followed with a share of 29.5% and Europe got a pie of 20.4%.
Other relatively small markets spreading in South America, North America (excluding the USA) etc. accounted for 10.8%.
In view of the fast growing consumer spending in China, the Group is looking forward to a neutral-optimistic growth in retailing business by Pou Sheng.
In addition to Pou Sheng s existing 3,956 directly operated storescounters and 4,218 sub- distributors for current China retailing business, modest expansions in lower-tier cities in China are expected according to brand names marketing strategies in the years to come.
Higher direct labor cost due to government imposed basic salary raises and local currency appreciations in the Group s major manufacturing bases had and will have impacts on the Group s profit growth momentum. To cope with the difficult environment and to provide further value-added services to our customers, the Group will, as usual, continuously focus on supply chain integration, production 
innovative design applications, process automations and balanced manufacturing base expansions, so as to maintain the Group s leading position in shoes manufacturing industry.

The Group s associate companies and jointly controlled entities continue to benefit from the resources integration in the previous year. The profit contribution from these business entities for the current year reached US$102.5 million with a year-on-year growth at 32.8%. Those entities continued to experience improvement in their operations. Consistent with past practice, the Group is not involved in the day to day operations of these investments, but has participated in decision making with these business partners from time to time which also effectively direct the business developments of these 
The Group continued to make necessary investments to enhance productivity as well as to maintain workplace safety.
The Group persisted with its policy of making investment to enhance environmental protection. The division responsible for corporate social responsibility (CSR), held courses and programs to 
strengthen the bonds between the management and employees, and these activities continue to be of great value to the Group.
The recent global developments in CSR have led to greater definition and the CSR teams now have elevated their focus on the issues involving sustainable 
Turnover jumped in the first quarter of fiscal year 2011 due to higher growing demands served only by limited manufacturing capacity expansions. For the three months ended December 2010, the Group turnover stepped up by around 28% year-on-year to approximately US$1.69 billion.
Imbalanced global economic revivals have caused appreciations of major Asian currencies against US Dollar. As a result, inflations in these heavy 
push labor cost up. The rising prices of petrochemical related materials will have negative impacts on raw material costs.
The Group has been working hand in hand with its customers to manage these headwind.

Annual Report 2010 9 
In view of the growing purchasing power in China market, the Group is looking forward to benefiting from it by carefully managing its retailing 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their supports. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last 
Tsai Chi Neng 
