Fiscal 2011 was a period during which various dramatic global events occurred. First there was the powerful earthquake and tsunami that impacted Japan. Then there was the American debt ceiling debate and followed by the credit rating downgrade.
Finally the refinancing of the national debt of Greece returned to the spotlight of investor attention.
Fortunately as can be observed from various data points, these events did not deter consumers globally from purchasing their desired athletic andor casual shoes. Accordingly, leading shoe brand name companies had greater confidence that 2011 would be a better year than 2010. They decided to increase their inventory on hand and as demonstrated in their quarterly results announcements, the brand names also saw solid year on year growth in their sales of footwear. In the period the Group maintained its focus of designing innovative shoes, pursuing high quality standards for these products and ensuring the timely delivery of these products in accordance with the tight customer deadlines. Consequently for fiscal 2011, the Group experienced shoe manufacturing sales growth that exceeded the original expectations set at the start of the fiscal year.
However during the year, the Group s manufacturing activities did experience challenges from rising input costs related to costs such as energy, labour and 
I am pleased to report that the Group enjoyed year on year sales growth for its shoe manufacturing business and continued improvement in the profit earned by the retailing business, in the fiscal year ended 30th September, 2011. Consolidated turnover of the Group increased by 21.7% year-on-year to US$7,045.4 million, compared to the previous year.
When looking at the business units making up the consolidated turnover figure, US$1,589.8 million was contributed by the Group s retailing flag ship, Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ), which recorded 20.0% year-on-year sales growth.
In the period, net profit attributable to owners of the Company, decreased slightly by 6.2% year-on- year to US$449.8 million. Pou Sheng on the other hand, saw net profit attributable to owners improve to US$53.7 million, compared to the previous year s number of US$21.3 million.

During the year, the Group produced 326.6 million pairs of shoes, representing an increase of 14.0% compared to the previous year. Following last year s trend, Asia region, which includes both manufacturing and retailing activities, represented 40.8% of the Group s sales. The USA market was next at 28.5% and finally Europe was the other significant region at 21.9% of the Group s sales.
The remainder encompassing all smaller markets including South America, North America (excluding the USA) etc. accounted for 8.8%.
Consumer spending in China continued to be stable as a consequence of the economic growth in China as well as the government policies of increasing both the payroll contributions and the minimum wage, which together led to an improvement in the living standards of workers. At the fiscal year end, the Company had 3,055 directly operated stores counters and 3,357 sub-distributors within its Greater China retail network principally operating in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd tier cities. The continuing annual economic growth and other mandated increases in the minimum wage for the foreseeable future, provides a trajectory for increasing consuming spending in China for many years to come.

During the year the rising input costs and less efficiency in the start-up period at the new facilities did have a negative impact on the profitability of the manufacturing operations. However, factory management experience accumulated over the past twenty years of operations together with the Group s significant resources have helped to limit this negative impact to a manageable level. Often times the Group collaborating with its brand name customers works closely to manage input costs by developing product designs that give rise to greater automation and simplicity.

The Group s associated companies and jointly controlled entities in general have also found the current fiscal year to be challenging as the environment has disadvantaged smaller companies.
The profit contribution from these business entities for the current year reached US$62.5 million, a decline of 39% compared to last year. Consistent with past practice, the Group is not involved in the day to day operations of these investments, but on a timely basis participates in the strategic decisions with the appropriate business partners to share the management experiences and provide the sound direction as the cases may be or as they see fit.
Corporate Social Responsibility The Group continues to invest resources to enhance productivity as well as to maintain workplace safety.
The Group during the year also made various investments to protect the environment. The Sustainable Development (SD) division now leads all programs concerning corporate social responsibility (CSR) and environmentally friendly initiatives. CSR has a dual mandate in that not only does it deal with issues relating to factory and society, but it also caters to managing issues between management and factory staff. In order to further enhance CSR standards, the Group joined the Fair Labor Association (FLA) in June 2011.

For the two months ended November 2011, the Group turnover stepped up by around 15% year-on- year to approximately US$1.2 billion.

The global economic environment in 2012 will still be volatile as the economic recovery is only gradually building momentum. Countries in the developed world that are grappling with significant budget deficits, will continue to emit negative headline news 
on a recurring basis so that consumers in those countries may be reluctant to spend and would rather increase their savings. However given the occurrence of the European Cup in June 2012 and the Olympics in August 2012, consumers should still be inspired to purchase athletic footwear and sports 
If consumer purchasing power in China continues to grow in the coming year, then the Group may see further sales growth in its retail operations.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their supports. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.

Tsai Chi Neng 
