I am pleased to present the annual results of Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (the Company and together with its subsidiaries, the Group ) for the financial year ended December 31, 2015 to the shareholders of the Company (the 
In 2015, global economic activity remained subdued. Although a modest recovery continued in the advanced economies, the momentum varied across countries. The growth in the U.S.
remained resilient while the economy in Europe and Japan r e q u i r e d t h e o v e r a l l f i n a n c i a l c o n d i t i o n s t o r e m a i n accommodative for support. The overall growth in China is slowing and rebalancing underway between manufacturing and service activities. Geopolitical events, government actions in the world markets, and central bank actions in the different countries created uncertainties and hence volatilities in the world economies. In the face of these challenges, both the footwear manufacturing and the China retail businesses of the Group continued to make progress during the year.

For the footwear manufacturing business, the rebalancing and optimization of production capacity amongst the various production bases continued in 2015. Much of impetus for the rebalancing came from the need to help customers navigate the changing environment. The operating challenges faced by the footwear manufacturing business across regions remain much the same, including rising cost structure, government policies and labor related affairs. In response to these challenges, the Group continues to place more strategic emphasis on supply chain value creation, in addition to production economies of scale. In light of the challenges, the Group produced 317.5 million pairs of shoes in 2015, representing an increase of 3.4% compared to the same period last year.

8 Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited | Annual Report 2015 
Chairman s Statement 
For Pou Sheng International (Holdings) Limited ( Pou Sheng ), the retail business, consumer spending in the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) still grew in 2015. Combined with the healthy inventory situation for the market, stable discounting activities and the continued leadership of international brands in the industry, Pou Sheng was able to achieve growth in sales and earnings on a year on year basis. Furthermore Pou Sheng s management continued to keep a vigilant eye over operations so that operating efficiency was stable and the store network remained focused primarily in the first and second tier cities. At the end of 2015, Pou Sheng had 4,943 directly operated stores counters and 2,893 stores operated by sub- distributors in the PRC.

In 2015, the Group achieved growth in sales for both the footwear manufacturing and the retail businesses, when compared to the financial year ended December 31, 2014. Consolidated revenue of the Group increased by 5.3% to US$8,434.9 million, compared to US$8,013.4 million recorded in the financial year 2014. The consolidated net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 17.9% to US$390.2 million compared to US$331.0 million earned in year 2014. The rise in net profit was mainly due to on the manufacturing front, the lower base effect arising from the provision made in 2014 and on the retail side, the 
growth in consumer spending on functional footwear and apparel as well as improving profitability. When looking at the Group s listed subsidiary Pou Sheng, which owns the retail and brand licensee business in China, it was able to achieve sales of US$2,300.2 million, an increase of 16.1% compared to that recorded in the financial year 2014. Pou Sheng generated net profit attributable to equity holders of US$64.5 million in 2015, further improvement when compared to the financial year 2014 which had a net profit of US$4.6 m i l l i o n. T h e i m p r o v e m e n t i n P o u S h e n g s performance is a reflection of the growing demand for sportswear in the China retail environment along with management s ability in improving its level of 
Similar to previous reporting periods, the Asia region, which includes both manufacturing and retail activities, represented 48.1% of the Group s sales.
The US and Europe markets accounted for 25.2% and 19.5% of the Group s sales respectively. The rest of the world accounted for the remaining 7.2%.
The Group s associated companies and joint ventures contributed a combined profit of US$82.2 million, which was an improvement compared to 2014 s contribution of profit of US$78.4 million.
The Group will continue to explore ways to enhance its capabilities both for the footwear manufacturing and the retail businesses.

Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited | Annual Report 2015 9 
For the footwear manufacturing business, in addition to the ongoing rebalancing and optimization of production facilities across regions, the Group will commit more resources on innovation, including manufacturing automation, new materials and new designs, to assist brand customers to create exciting new products for end consumers and be able to flexibly manufacture and deliver the products to market with shortened lead time. The Group looks to provide the full range of services including product design, manufacturing and retail distribution in the Greater China market to better serve the needs of the brand customers. In doing so, the Group hopes to realize various synergies as well as to solidify the strong bond with the customers. The Group aims to be the solution provider and best partner to its brand customers.
For the retail business, Pou Sheng is optimistic about the long term future of the sports industry in the PRC as consumers become more aware of the benefits of physical activity. Pou Sheng will continue to enhance the shopping experience of its customers by offering more and better product selection and by increasing the ease of shopping via a combination of offline and online sales platforms.

The Group believes in the importance of sustainable development, which can only be achieved through a culture of corporate social responsibility. The Group will continue to focus on certain key elements in fulfilling its sustainable development strategy.
For more details please refer to our Environmental, Social and Governance Report published for financial 
On behalf of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), I wish to thank our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support. I would also like to offer special thanks to our staff for their invaluable service and contribution throughout last year.

Lu Chin Chu 
