I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued attention and substantial support to us. On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Co. Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, the Group completed another major project after the acquisition of Tongjitang Chinese Medicines Company and its subsidiaries ( Tongjitang ) in 2013 the acquisition of 87.3% equity interest of Jiangyin Tianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries ( Tianjiang Pharmaceutical ) at approximately RMB8.76 billion. This is the largest acquisition project in the healthcare industry of China to date, fully illustrating the strength of the Company as the platform for China National Pharmaceutical Group Corporation ( CNPGC ) to engage in the Chinese medicine industry.
According to the requirements of Hong Kong Accounting Standards, after completing the acquisition of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical, the Group consolidated the financial statements of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical since October 2015. The audited revenue from continuing operations of the Group for the year 2015 was approximately RMB3,709,406,000, representing an increase of 40.0% compared to approximately RMB2,650,454,000 in last year. The audited profit attributable to shareholders was approximately RMB621,692,000, representing an increase of 50.5% compared to approximately RMB413,090,000 in last year. Although the Company issued and allotted approximately 1.95 billion new shares to raise funds for acquiring Tianjiang Pharmaceutical in the year, the audited basic earnings per share increased slightly from RMB16.30 cents in last year to RMB16.86 cents in 2015, representing an increase of 3.4%.
COMPLETING ACQUISITION OF TIANJIANG PHARMACEUTICAL DEVELOPING CONCENTRATED TCM GRANULES MARKET In 2015, the Group completed the acquisition of 87.3% equity interest of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical and entered into the market of concentrated traditional Chinese medicine ( TCM ) granules. Concentrated TCM granules will be an important development in TCM in the future. According to the information of an independent third party research institution, the sales revenue is expected to reach approximately RMB18.8 billion in 2018. As the regulations and ancillary policies for liberalising the sector will be gradually implemented, concentrated TCM granules will certainly enter into the golden age of its development as a market with immense growth potential.
Tianjiang Pharmaceutical is the forerunner in China among all TCM manufacturers specialising in the research and development ( R&D ) and production of concentrated TCM granules as well as the leader in the sector. Based on its market share in terms of revenue, it is the largest manufacturer of concentrated TCM granules in China. The acquisition will allow the Company to get immediate access to the market of concentrated TCM granules with a strong position in the sector. At the same time, concentrated TCM granules are an important supplement to the existing TCM finished drugs manufactured by the Company. It will also be a strong boost towards the Company s goal of establishing itself as the leader in the TCM industry.
The acquisition was completed successfully in October 2015. Integration is currently being carried out in an orderly manner. Tianjiang Pharmaceutical has a clear development strategy, solid business growth and stable management team. It achieved good results in 2015, which met the expectation of the Company.
ENTERING INTO TCM SERVICES SECTOR EXPLORING THE INDUSTRIAL CHAIN ON MULTIPLE LEVELS The Company strives to expand its business scope and explore the Chinese medicine industrial chain at multiple levels.
In November 2015, the first TCM healthcare complex of the Company opened for business in Foshan, Guangdong.
TCM healthcare complex will have face-to-face diagnosis as the core service, supplemented by Chinese medicine physiotherapy, display and sale of Chinese medicinehealthcare products. It is an effective channel for promoting the brands and products of the Group. The Company will continue to grow its TCM healthcare complex business through self-expansion and acquisition, gradually forming a network in major cities throughout China. 2 to 3 more shops are expected to begin operation in 2016.
In January 2016, the Group announced the joint venture of a rehabilitation hospital and a geriatric hospital with Foshan TCM Hospital and a subsidiary of Foshan Municipal State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission.
Foshan TCM Hospital is a well-known TCM hospital in China, who is renowned for treating orthopedic diseases, and post-surgery rehabilitation for orthopedic patients is a market yet to be developed in China. The cooperation with Foshan TCM Hospital helps the Group to promptly understand the needs of the patients and reduce risks.
In response to the increasing demand for elderly care services, Foshan Municipal Government planned to set up an elderly care industrial park of approximately 148 acres in Foshan City in 2015. A subsidiary of the Group, Sinopharm Group Feng Liao Xing (Foshan) Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Feng Liao Xing ), is located at the centre of the park.
According to the government s policy of encouraging the development of Chinese medicine elderly care services, the Group believes the joint establishment of geriatric hospital will become a core component of the Foshan elderly care industrial park. As the facilities of the park come into use, the demand for the medical services of the hospital will continue to increase.
The Group will begin to restructure its production operations in Foshan in 2016. Feng Liao Xing will be relocated to Shunde, in order to coordinate with the progress of the above mentioned joint venture hospital project.
SEIZING OPPORTUNITIES TO BECOME LEADER IN THE TCM INDUSTRY The principal business of the Group starts with R&D, manufacturing and sales of TCM finished drugs. It owns various long-lasting and well-known brands such as Dezhong , Fengliaoxing and Tongjitang , and possesses production approvals for more than 500 drugs, including over 60 exclusive products and specifications. 7 of its exclusive products, namely Xianling Gubao CapsuleTablet (NHFVq%Gr), Yu Ping Feng Granules (sOF|), Jingshu Granules (8F|), Moisturising & Anti-Itching Capsule (doqbkbvV), Bi Yan Kang Tablet (;pGr), Fengshi Gutong Capsule (ouV) and Zaoren Anshen Capsule (hN[yV), are on the National Essential Drug List ( EDL ).
The acquisition of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical allows the Group to enter into concentrated TCM granules sector and to integrate it with TCM decoction pieces business, so as to enlarge its business scale, enrich its product mix and become a pharmaceutical company which can provide both traditional and modern TCM products.
On this basis, the Group extends its business to downstream TCM healthcare services sector by establishing TCM healthcare complex and setting up joint venture specialist hospital to satisfy different needs of various stakeholders in the market. The Group is of the view that TCM healthcare products and services have a unique edge in specific medical areas. In particular, incorporating Chinese medicine with elderly care inherits traditional Chinese culture and is also in consistency with the government s industrial guidance. Upon gaining further experience, the Group will gradually increase its investment in the healthcare services sector and set up healthcare services network with the characteristics of Chinese medicine, in order to improve the health and quality of life of Chinese people.
As the flagship of CNPGC in Chinese medicine industry, the development strategy of the Company is, based on its solid existing businesses, to enter into different sectors of Chinese medicine industry in accordance with market conditions and the Company s own characteristics, with the target to cover the entire industrial value chain by upstream and downstream consolidation. To achieve the target, the Company will lay equal stress on organic growth and merger and acquisition by further exploring the potential of the current businesses, while seeking for new opportunities of co-operation and identifying targets for acquisition in the market. The Company will fully leverage on CNPGC s firm background and powerful brand to consolidate industrial resources.
2015 was a challenging year to pharmaceutical industry. Compared to previous years, there was an apparent slow-down in the growth of the industry. With the start of 2016, pharmaceutical companies, including the Group, still face many uncertainties. Tendering in many regions was delayed. The pressure to reduce drug price remained high. Cost control on medical insurance reimbursement became more stringent and regulation policies changed rapidly. In the medium to long run, however, with the continuous economic development and an ageing population in China, the demand for healthcare products and services is bound to increase, and Chinese medicine will play an essential role. The government has always been supporting the development of Chinese medicine industry. At the end of 2015, the first Chinese Medicine Law (draft) 0-NlIHh 0 was passed in the executive meeting of the State Council. Initiatives to promote Chinese medicine were also proposed in early 2016. The Company will seize opportunities to explore the market and strengthen its management. The Company will strive to maintain continuous growth in its revenue and profitability, turning into the leader in Chinese medicine industry and creating more values for all shareholders.

21 March 2016 