I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and people from all circles for their continued attention and substantial support to the Group. On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of Winteam Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012: In retrospect, amid the complex and changing external environment in 2012, the Group remained steadfast in pursuing its strategic objectives and achieved rapid growth in results through the concerted efforts of all staff, with encouraging performance seen in all aspects of operation.
COLLECTIVE EFFORTS CONTRIBUTED TO OUTSTANDING RESULTS In 2012, the Group s revenue was HK$1,268,143,000, representing an increase of 24.8% compared to HK$1,015,935,000 in the corresponding period of last year; profit attributable to shareholders reached a record HK$207,134,000, representing a significant growth of 187.4% compared with HK$72,072,000 in the corresponding period of last year. Earnings per share for the year also increased to HK$11.61 cents from HK$4.04 cents from last year, representing an increase of 187.4%.
The Group is committed to becoming the most influential TCM company in China. Our core strategies for the Group s long-term development are underpinned by the aim of promoting our legendary brands as well as inheriting the essences of over 400 years of history in Lingnan TCM culture.
In 2012, the Group further focused on product, market and management optimizations and continued our brand promotion strategy to optimize resources available to our products. The well-known brand names of the Group, including Dezhong, Foshan and Feng Liao Xing, achieved comprehensive improvements in their brand values.
Accommodating to the direction of the State s medical reform, the Group extended our sales coverage to downstream end-markets and actively established sales teams at primary levels. We achieved full penetration of commercial distribution and end-market promotions to county, village and town levels. By building a sales force of around 300 persons focusing on primary markets, we established relatively comprehensive sales networks in key regions across the nation, which provide a broad platform for promoting the Group s products. The Group continued to further deepen sales resource integration at end-markets and strengthened refined market division management, thereby achieving resource sharing among end-markets and boosting personnel structure optimization to clearly delineate the duties of each sales team and ensure our swift response to market changes. The Group also initiated researches on industry policies, participated in policy communications with the government in tendering and pricing efforts, and supported the policy direction of promoting an inexpensive drugs list, which we leveraged on the specialized features of the Group s products to incorporate policy advantages. Under these collective efforts, in 2012, the Group achieved a satisfactory growth in the sales of its various key products, including Yu Ping Feng Granule (sOF|), Bi Yan Kang Tablet (;p Gr), Feng Liao Xing Medicinal Wine (N'R) and Sheng Tong Ping (Vs).
Yu Ping Feng Granule is our exclusive product on the 2012 National Essential Drugs List ( New Edition of National Essential Drugs List ) and the National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance. It is a TCM for strengthening body resistance and enhancing immunity of the human body. Target markets of Yu Ping Feng Granule include second and third level hospitals in tier-1 and tier-2 cities ( ranked hospitals ). At the end of 2012, Yu Ping Feng Granule was adopted by about 2,200 ranked hospitals with extended coverage in primary medical institutions and retail pharmacies.
The Group developed expert networks for Yu Ping Feng Granule in various professional domains, such as dermatology, otorhinolaryngology, pediatrics and TCM, which helped to introduce the drug into treatments of the relevant domains and facilitated the wide recognition of its efficacies among medical workers. As the implementation of the National Essential Drugs System accelerated, Yu Ping Feng Granule won tenders with satisfactory pricing in over 20 provinces across the nation in tender procurements for essential drugs of primary health care institutions in 2012. At the end of 2012, the Group successfully extended coverage to about 14,000 primary medical institutions, forming a firm foundation for the rapid growth of Yu Ping Feng Granule. In 2012, revenue from sale of Yu Ping Feng Granule amounted to HK$205,649,000, representing a year-on-year growth of 57.9%.
Bi Yan Kang Tablet is another exclusive product of the Group on the New Edition of National Essential Drugs List and the National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance, targeting retail drug stores and primary medical institution markets.
In the second half of 2012, the Group adopted the strategy of replacing the original 50 tabletspack with 72 tablets pack to better serve the retail drug store market, while strategic partnership agreements were entered into with premium chain pharmacies throughout different provinces and cities in China, which allowed the new packing of Bi Yan Kang Tablet to be displayed in the windows of more than 90% pharmacies across the country and made it available in end- market drug stores nationwide. These helped secure a reasonable growth of Bi Yan Kang Tablet in the retail market.
The successful change in package size of Bi Yan Kang Tablet was well reflected by its sales contribution in the second half of 2012. The accelerated implementation of the National Essential Drugs System also provided great opportunities for expanding the coverage of Bi Yan Kang Tablet in primary medical institutions; at the end of 2012, the coverage of Bi Yan Kang Tablet extended to about 700 ranked hospitals and about 20,000 primary medical institutions, providing a new momentum of growth for Bi Yan Kang Tablet in new medical markets. In 2012, revenue from sale of Bi Yan Kang Tablet amounted to HK$272,224,000, representing a year-on-year growth of 23.5%.
Feng Liao Xing Medicinal Wine is a popular TCM of the Group for rheumatic diseases and bone setting with a century of legacy; its sales are mainly focused in Southern China and Central China areas. Through streamlining and consolidating channel resources, the Group fully extended sales coverage to county, village and town levels and made steady progress in exploring the primary medical institution market. In 2012, revenue from sale of Feng Liao Xing Medicinal Wine reached HK$106,677,000, representing a year-on-year growth of 28.8%.
Nifedipine Sustained-release Tablet (Sheng Tong Ping) is a cerebro-cardiovascular drug of the Group, mainly sold to ranked hospitals in Southern China and Eastern China. Sheng Tong Ping won the tender of essential drugs for Guangdong Province in 2012, allowing the Group s pursuit of making further market gains for this product in Guangdong Province. In 2012, revenue from sale of Sheng Tong Ping reached HK$109,128,000, representing a year-on- year growth of 17.7%.
The significant increase in sales volume of the above core products represents the results of the Group s marketing integration efforts over the past few years, which is also a testimonial of our success in utilizing sales models of professional approach in promoting prescription drugs and combining OTC brand promotion with end-market marketing through the Group s internal sales team of about 1,500 persons. In addition, in 2012, the Group also explored and adopted the refined merchandizing model for prescription drugs in promoting some of our exclusive products, such as Bai Ling Tablet (}vHGr) (exclusive drug for Basic Medical Insurance), Gandakang Tablet (TGr) (exclusive drug for Basic Medical Insurance), Rujiekang Tablet (sNP}Gr) and Pseudophedrine Capsule ("}[ V). Our proactive and effective management throughout all stages of sales flow also reaped significant sales results for these products.
UPGRADE AND INNOVATION IN PRODUCTION AND R&D In 2012, the Group completed the establishment of the Gaoming branch company of Foshan Dezhong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Dezhong ). In December 2012, Dezhong Gaoming ( Dezhong Gaoming ) has passed the newly amended Good Manufacturing Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (the New GMP ) certification and formally commenced production; it completed the upgrade and new generation deployment in equipment, techniques and processes for pre- processing and extraction of TCM, becoming a domestic base for modern TCM extraction and herbal slice production equipped with leading technology and advanced management systems. This signifies the significant improvement in economies of scale of the Group. Meanwhile, Dezhong s seven major preparations were successfully approved under the New GMP certification, making it the first pharmaceutical company in Foshan City to have obtained the New GMP certification. Other subsidiaries of the Group have also begun their GMP certification applications to strengthen the quality enhancement of our products.
In terms of R&D, the Group closely followed our development strategies under the guidelines of the relevant industry policies issued by the State, and made a series of breakthroughs in modern TCM and new pharmaceutical preparations, while a sustained-release preparation R&D platform was established to leading national standards. These new TCM projects and R&D on new pharmaceutical preparations will complement the Group s strengths and future development momentum in the pharmaceutical industry.
PURSUING BRIGHT FUTURE AND REALIZING OUR DREAM In the State s 12th five-year plan, the year 2013 is the most crucial year. It is expected that implementation of plans related to the pharmaceutical sector, including reforms in pharmaceutical industry, TCM industry, drug safety, biological industry, and medical hygiene system, will be going into full force during the year. Specific policies that encourage the development of the sector are expected to be issued at State and provincial levels, which will provide better support for indigenous innovation in pharmaceutical sector, production technique, and management and drug safety enhancements. In the meantime, the State will continue to increase investments in people s livelihood such as improving basic medical protection, perfecting the National Essential Drugs System and expanding the scope for implementation of the Essential Drugs System. For example, the Ministry of Health issued the New Edition of National Essential Drugs List on 15 March 2013, which clearly stated that it is necessary to optimize the mechanism of essential drugs tenders, encouraged corporations to improve the quality of essential drugs and clarified that the governmental and primary health care institutions should be fully equipped with and use essential drugs and determined the proportion of essential drugs for use in second and third class hospitals. Meanwhile, the State will further promote implementation of the 12th Five-Year Plan for the pharmaceutical industry in 2013. The implementation of these policies and initiatives creates great development opportunities for the Group.
The Group foresees challenges in the coming 2013, particularly in the following areas: firstly, as TCM industry grows and people become more aware of health issues, demand for TCM materials has been on a sustained trend of growth in recent years; however, due to climate restrictions and information delays in market demands, as well as limited resources available, the supply of TCM materials could not be precisely predicted and thus frequent fluctuations in prices have become commonplace, which increases the difficulty in product cost control; secondly, following the issue of the New Edition of National Essential Drugs List, the related complementary policies need to be further optimized, while the State is also planning to re-price TCM products in 2013, all these imply more uncertainties for the Group s sales growth; thirdly, although various provinces are continually exploring and perfecting the tendering systems for drugs, there is yet to have a uniformed tendering policy and solution for drugs to be adopted nationwide that is deemed acceptable by all stakeholders, which could hamper the business development of the Group; and fourthly, the details of public hospital reform have not yet been clearly published to be in line with the progress in deepening of the New Medical Reform, which will increase the uncertainties surrounding the Group s development of sales business in hospitals.
In February 2013, the Group officially merged with China National Pharmaceutical Group Corporation ( CNPGC ), the largest state-owned business group in the medical healthcare industry directly under the management of State- owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (SASAC), after Sinopharm Group Hongkong Co., Limited ( Sinopharm Hong Kong or the Offeror ) (a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNPGC) acquired a controlling stake in the Company. This provided the Group with more extensive industry resources to aspire a bigger development blueprint.
By seizing development opportunities in line with the industry policies of the State, the Group will consolidate its advantages and resources to enter a breakthrough stage of accelerated development in full speed. Joining hands with China National Corp. of Traditional & Herbal Medicine (-N WPglQS), a wholly-owned subsidiary of CNPGC, the Group will gain a stronger momentum of growth through consolidating a value-chain of healthcare, exploring resources in medicial ingredients, expanding into healthcare industry, and promoting the historical brands of traditional Chinese medicine. This will allow us to play an instrumental role in the general development of China s health industry.
In 2013, the Group will focus on the objectives and missions set forth in the five-year plan. We will seek to capture development opportunities, overcome challenges and build upon the foundation of our existing product portfolio to improve the corporate management and business operation models of the Group; by optimizing production resources and carrying out innovation engineering and merger restructuring, our overall core competitiveness can be enhanced through scale expansion and profitability improvement, in order to realize rapid development of the Group.
With the concerted efforts of our staff, the Group undertakes to continue expanding our business and pursuing our dreams in 2013. On behalf of the Group, I hereby express my sincere gratitude to former directors of the Company for their efforts and contribution over the years and wish to have continued support and trust of our shareholders and people from all circles going forward, as it is our firm belief that with the dedicated efforts of the Group as a whole, Winteam Pharmaceutical Group can unfold a new chapter of development that will become an important part of the history of China s TCM development.

23 March 2013 