CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued attention and
substantial support to China Traditional Chinese Medicine Holdings Co. Limited (the “Company” or “we”). On behalf
of the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company, I am pleased to present the audited consolidated results of
the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the
“reporting period” or “year under review”) with comparative figures for the year ended 31 December 2015 and the
Company’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared according to the applicable disclosure provisions of
the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) and
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”).
2016 was the first complete financial year for the Company to fully consolidate the financial statements of Jiangyin
Tianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Tianjiang Pharmaceutical”) and its subsidiaries following the completion of
acquisition of 87.3% equity interests of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical. The audited revenue of the Group for the year
2016 was approximately RMB6,532,867,000, representing an increase of 76.1% compared to approximately
RMB3,709,406,000 in the previous year. The profit attributable to owners of the company was approximately
RMB966,927,000, representing an increase of 54.6% compared to approximately RMB625,596,000 in the previous
year. The basic earnings per share increased from RMB16.97 cents last year to RMB21.73 cents in 2016, representing an
increase of 28.0%.
REVIEW FOR THE YEAR OF 2016
The regulatory environment for pharmaceutical industry was even more challenging in 2016, a year when the
government also promoted the development of Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”). In 2016, in response to the
changing TCM finished drugs market, the Group adjusted its strategy, relieved its historical burden, while maintaining
the growth pace of our concentrated TCM granules with high technical standards, which further consolidated our
leading position in the market.
(I) Continuously optimizing the Group’s management with full integration of resources
In order to further facilitate the in-depth integration of internal management and progressively formulating
an effective long-term mechanism based on regulated management and scientific development, the Group
thoroughly rationalized and adjusted the organization structure and management system of subsidiaries for the
purpose of continuous improvement in its management platform.
First, integration of management resources. During the year under review, the Group successfully launched a
centralized business information system and mobile operation platform to replace the various information systems
operated by its subsidiaries, which helped connect each business segment and manage information and achieved
information-sharing across the Group and decision-making based on big data, resulting in better management
efficiency and lower management cost.
Second, integration of procurement resources. In order to actively deal with the impact from the different
characteristics of Chinese medicinal herbs and their price volatility, further reduce the procurement cost and
strengthen our overall bargaining power, the Company established an integrated Chinese medicinal herbs
procurement center at the end of April 2016, and the first meeting of suppliers was convened at the end of May
2016, which promoted the integration of procurement system between the Company and its subsidiaries.
Third, integration of production resources. Applying an intensive, energy-saving and environmental friendly
development model, the Company put all pre-production process of the subsidiaries in Guangdong Province in the
workshop in Gaoming District, Foshan. Through building the Gaoming workshop as the technologically leading
pre-production base for extraction of Chinese medicinal herbs across the country in terms of production capacity,
intelligent technology, quality control, energy-saving, etc., the Company gained experience for establishing 8 major
extraction bases in the PRC in the coming three years.
Fourth, integration of financial resources. In order to further optimize our debt structure, avoid foreign exchange
risk, facilitate the matching of investment and financing, the Company successfully issued three-year panda bonds
in an amount of RMB2,500 million in November 2016, which significantly reduced financing costs and ensured
sufficient funding for the Group’s future development.
(II) Proactively prepared for the rapid development of the concentrated TCM granules segment
In 2016, the “Regulations on the Administration of Concentrated TCM Granules (Draft for Comments)” (《中藥配
方顆粒管理辦法（徵求意見稿）》) drafted by China Food and Drug Administration and the “Technical Requirements
on Quality Control and Standards Establishment for Concentrated TCM Granules (Draft for Comments)”（《中藥配
方顆粒質量控制與標準制定技術要求（徵求意見稿）》) drafted by China Pharmacopoeia Commission were issued to
solicit public opinions. It is expected that these two documents will be officially issued in 2017. At such time, there
will be unified production and quality standards for the concentrated TCM granules and decoction pieces sectors
and the market will gradually open, leading to more healthy development of the industry.
As such, the Company decided to put in all its efforts of the Group and centralise its strengths and resources to grasp
such historic opportunity to achieve rapid expansion in the concentrated TCM granules business.
Under the coordination and support of the Group, the relevant procedures of optimizing management structure
and integrating resources of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical were actively commenced, which allowed Tianjiang
Pharmaceutical to quickly integrate into the Group’s management and operation platform to achieve a year-on-year
growth target of 20% in revenue.
The Group built a scientific research team comprising nearly 100 members and focused on the research and
establishment of the quality standards in concentrated TCM granules. By consolidating our knowledges in research,
production and procurement, together with external experts, the Group further strengthened its market leader
position with high technical standards.
The Group has formulated a layout plan for concentrated TCM granule production and decoction piece processing
base, involving for the construction of 8 major Chinese medicinal herb extraction bases and concentrated TCM
granule production bases across various provinces, which is expected to be completed within three years. The
targeted production capacity for extraction and concentrated TCM granules are 3 times and 2.5 times of existing
production capacity respectively. Annual production value will exceed RMB20 billion at full product capacity. Such
plan has started to implement.
(III) Adjusting the strategy for TCM finished drugs segment to reduce burden
2016 was a difficult year for TCM finished drugs segment, the implemention of “two-invoice system” in the
pharmaceutical distribution sector, secondary price negotiation, control on the proportion of drug sales in the
revenue of hospitals, and zero mark-up policy, etc., brought tremendous impact to both the TCM and western
drug markets. As such, the Company promptly adjusted strategy to stabilize the terminal sales and kept exploring
new sources of profit growth at the same time.
First, in order to adapt promptly to the new policy and market environment, the Company promoted the
destocking process in the distribution channels across the country, actively reduced shipment to distributors and
accelerated the elimination of inventory in distribution channels, and initial results were achieved. The sales are
likely to return to normal in 2017. Meanwhile, the Company established responsible person and partnership
scheme as well as effectively integrated and carefully invested its sales resources so as to lay a solid foundation for
long-term and sustainable development.
Second, the Company has completed the merger and acquisition of Huayi Pharmaceutical Company Limited
(“Huayi Pharmaceutical”) and its subsidiary, Jilin Baiqi Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. With Qili Capsule produced by
Huayi Pharmaceutical, the number of our exclusive EDL products has increased to eight. The Company continued
to promote Blockbusters Development Program with numerous inputs in evidence-based clinical research and
continuously increased product value. Academic promotion and marketing strategy supported by our evidencebased
clinical research has achieved initial success, which will have positive impact on product sales in the next few
years.
Third, the Company increased prices of certain OTC products (OTC drugs) and rebuilt their market value, and
remarkable results were seen in market expansion. For example, sales volume of a Tibetan formula Chongcao
Qingfei Capsule (蟲草清肺膠囊), a key OTC variety and of superstore program, experienced a year-on-year
growth exceeding 80% after its introduction, which will become a new core product in 2017. Another examples
are traditional minor varieties, such as Po Chai Pill (保濟丸), Snake Bile Chuan Bei Powder (蛇胆川貝散), Snake
Bile Chenpi Powder (蛇胆陳皮散), Angong Niuhuang Honeyed Bolus (安宮牛黃丸), Yao Shen Herbal Paste (腰
腎膏), Renshenzaizao Honeyed Bolus (人參再造丸), Dahuoluo Honeyed Bolus (大活絡丸), etc, which, through
innovative promotion and marketing, including changing sales mode, cultivating the consumer base of the younger
generation, have been progressively becoming a new source of growth.
Fourth, the Company continuously enhanced the professional training of sales team and built up expert networks
in orthopedics, dermatology, otolaryngology, paediatrics, respiration, and rheumatology, etc, in order to adapt to
the New Normal for sales under the continued healthcare reform.
(IV) Creating a complete value chain for TCM, achieving inter-segment interaction and
synergized development
As a traditional segment in TCM business, decoction pieces segment has been enjoying strong support from
the government policy. In 2016, the market size of decoction piece business exceeded RMB200 billion. As the
only listing TCM platform of China National Pharmaceutical Group Corporation (“CNPGC”), it is our mission to
strengthen the decoction pieces business.
Through accelerating the development in TCM decoction pieces business, the Company is able to improve the
source reliability tracking process and quality control on the upstream raw materials for concentrated TCM granules
and TCM finished drugs segments on one hand, and develop TCM decoction business and penetrate into more
hospitals on the other, which will provide better support to the expansion of sales channel for the concentrated
TCM granules and achieve satisfactory results in both the decoction pieces and the concentrated TCM granules
segments.
Sinopharm Group Feng Liao Xing (Foshan) Medicinal Material & Slices Co., Ltd. (“Feng Liao Xing Material & Slices”)
and Foshan TCM Hospital have jointly established a “TCM Decoction Center”, which provides decoction services
for the TCM prescribed by the hospital doctors and the decocted medicine is delivered directly to the patient’s
address by courier. There is considerable market demand for TCM decoction business in Guangzhou and Foshan,
which is now in a benign development stage. In November 2016 and December 2016 respectively, the merger and
acquisition of Guizhou Tongjitang Herbal Co., Ltd. (“Tongjitang Herbal”) (貴州同濟堂中藥飲片有限公司) (「同
濟堂中藥飲片」) and Shanghai Tongjitang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (“Shanghai Tongjitang”) (上海同濟堂藥業有
限公司) (「上海同濟堂」) was completed, which represented a breakthrough in the development of decoction
pieces business in Guizhou and Shanghai. Leveraging on the years of business experience in upstream Chinese
medicinal herbs of CNPGC, the Company cooperated with local plantation bases in various production regions,
continued upholding of operation strategy focusing on key varieties of local Chinese medicinal herbs and expanded
the scale of certain local Chinese medicinal herbs plantation bases, which laid a solid foundation for the source
tracking of TCM products as well as meeting the quality requirement of Chinese medicinal herbs in future.
Business of Sinopharm Group Foshan Feng Liao Xing Medical Complex Co., Ltd. (“TCM healthcare complex”) (國藥
集團佛山馮了性國醫館有限公司) , which commenced operation at the end of 2015, was in good shape, providing
outpatient and physiotherapy services to nearly 30,000 customers in the first year of operation. In January 2017,
the Company completed the acquisition of 60% registered capital of Guizhou Tongjitang Pharmacy Chain Co. Ltd.
and its TCM clinics in order to continue exploring and promoting the brand new business model of TCM healthcare
complex.
PROSPECTS AND OUTLOOK FOR 2017
2017 will be an important year for the TCM industry. “TCM Development Strategy Plan Summary (2016-2030)” （《中醫
藥發展戰略規劃綱要（2016-2030年）》） outlines a promising future for the development of TCM business. Traditional
Chinese Medicine Act （《中醫藥法》）, which has been proposed for many years, has finally been introduced, which
further strengthened the position of TCM in China’s development strategy. The white paper on Traditional Chinese
Medicine （《中國的中醫藥》）further promotes the TCM business and Chinese medicine culture to the world.
Recently, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security of the People’s Republic of China has promulgated the
“2017 National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance”. 15 products of the Company are new additions to the list, of
which Yao Shen Herbal Paste (腰腎膏), Chaishi Tuire Granule (柴石退熱顆粒) and Liuwei Dingxiang Pill (六味丁香片) are
exclusive products. Also, 282 products of the Company are listed on the new drugs list for basic medical insurance, 26 of
which are exclusive products. Those products listed on the reimbursement drug list are valuable assets of the Company
as well as the growth driver in finished products in future. Besides, the extensive product mix and exclusive products
significantly enhance the Company’s risk resistance ability.
With the deregulation of the industry and progressive implementation of relevant ancillary policies, the Company expects
that the concentrated TCM granules market will experience an explosive growth in the coming 5-10 years. To cope with
challenges from the new comers and grasp the historic opportunity for the development of the industry, the Group will
put in considerable efforts and core resources to continuously consolidate Tianjiang Pharmaceutical’s leading position in
the concentrated TCM granules industry and maintain our advantages.
(I) Promoting the expansion of production capacity and setting up standards of concentrated
TCM granules to consolidate our leading position
The government policy concerning concentrated TCM granules industry may soon to be introduced, which may
lead to a disruptive growth of the market and more intensive market competition. The Company will concentrate
in expansion of production capacity and setting up standards to capitalize on the window period of the favourable
policy and first-mover advantage to consolidate our position as the market leader and to be the pioneer in
capturing the development opportunity so as to realize robust development in the concentrated TCM granules
business.
(II) Accelerating the construction of extraction bases, guaranteeing the planning and
development of TCM industry
After fully considering the aggregation, optimization and centralized allocation of internal resources, the Company
makes forward looking deployment based on the demand of planning and development of the concentrated
TCM granules as well as the TCM finished drugs. Also, with our existing bases, the Company will accelerate the
construction of extraction bases through various methods, including investing in new construction, technology
modification, etc., so as to guarantee the pre-processing capability for planning and development of modern TCM
manufacturing.
(III) Commencing construction of initial processing bases in production regions, realizing TCM
source tracking
Based on the demand for the production of concentrated TCM granules and TCM finished drugs, the Company
will accelerate the extension of upstream business in the industrial chain. The Company will adopt innovative
cooperation model and commence construction of initial processing bases in key production regions of local
Chinese medicinal herbs by cooperating with selected partners, which is systemically linked to the Chinese
medicinal herb procurement platform and leads to more health development of the industry.
As the flagship of TCM segment of CNPGC, the Group will firmly grasp the great opportunity in the thriving
development of TCM industry. With the concentrated TCM granules and finished drug segment as its base,
the Company will achieve its rapid expansion covering the whole-industry chain with the plantation of Chinese
medicinal herbs, processing of decoction pieces and healthcare services to set for a stunning growth in scale and
profits.
