CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT FIVE-YEAR RESULTS IN THE PHARMACEUTICAL INDUSTRY Year 2011 marked the fifth year of our operation in the pharmaceutical industry. Through successful acquisitions and consolidations, Winteam Pharmaceutical Group Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (the Group ) have delivered promising results over the last five years. Turnover recorded a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 30.0% to HK$1,015,935,000 in 2011 from HK$355,880,000 in 2007. Profit from operations rose at a CAGR of 31.5% to HK$102,144,000 in 2011 from HK$34,164,000 in 2007. Basic earnings per share also grew at a CAGR of 41.4% to HK$4.04 cents in 2011 from HK$1.01 cents in 2007, while total equity attributable to equity shareholders went up to 948,738,000 in 2011 from HK$ 324,165,000 in 2007, representing a CAGR of 30.8%.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the gross output value of the pharmaceutical industry recorded a CAGR of 23.1% in the past five years whereas the realized gross profit also posted a CAGR of 28.1% for the period.
SOLID FOUNDATION FOR FUTURE SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT In the past five years, the Group has laid a solid foundation for and niches in sustainable growth in various aspects, such as product resources, sales networks, production technology, production capacity and administration efficiency.
The Group has a strong product line comprising 322 products covering Chinese patent medicines, chemical and bio- drugs, of which over 20 products are national exclusive and 9 are the State s protected traditional Chinese varieties. 62 products and varieties of the Group including two exclusive products, namely Bi Yan Kang Tablet (;pGr) and Yu Ping Feng Granule (sOF|), have been ranked among the National Essential Drugs List. There are 95 products of the Group included on the National Drug List for Basic Medical Insurance while 52 products are listed on the secondary list, among which Bi Yan Kang Tablet (;pGr) and Yu Ping Feng Granule (sOF|), Gandakang Tablet (TGr), Bai Ling Tablet (}vHGr) and Wuji Bai Feng Granule (p}vF|) are the exclusive products on the list. The Group has been advocated for pharmaceutical manufacturing for over 400 years with an access to a range of traditional Chinese medicine secret formulas, including Po Chai Pills (Oo8N), Da Huo Luo pills ('Y;ma}8N), Shaolin Dieda Herbal Plaster ( gSbbku), Yuanjilin Herbal Tea (n TguT6), Maoji Medical Wine (fZykR), Foshan Ginseng Pills ([OqNS Q 8N) and Liang Caixin Pills (hOSb8N). These products have established a sound reputation with market potential in the past 400 years.
A majority of the Group s prescription drugs and OTC products have been distributed to hospitals and retail pharmacies across the country by our sales team with an aggregate of approximately 1,710 staff. The networks of national and regional dealers are responsible for logistics and delivery of our products. The sales model of this self-owned sales network is well supported in terms of operation management, marketing training, business channels and administration effectiveness, which in turn improve our performance in control over end-market sales, price maintenance and professional promotion. In 2007, the Group set up the professional marketing department which comprises a team of some 50 experts to promote prescription drugs through application of their specialized knowledge. Currently, the Group has an extensive sales network including 1,500 distributors and agents and approximately 1,000 large-scale retail chain drug stores with which we have established strategic cooperation. The wide spread sales network has enabled presence of our products in over 10,000 medical institutions.
The Group possesses sound technical experience in the extraction of Chinese medicines, preparation of modern Chinese medicines, sustained or controlled release preparation, manufacturing of traditional Big Candid Pills ('Y8N) and enhancement of quality. The sustained-release technology for Nifedipine Sustained-release Tablet (]x0Ws}Gr) and FexofenadinePseudophedrine HCI Sustained Release Capsules ("}}P}8N), as well as the combined use of advanced technologies of dry granulating and double-layer pressing pellet to the VC Yinqiao Tablet (}CGr) and Bi Yan Kang Tablet have been proved to raise standards of product quality. Our fully automatic wax coating technology breakthrough in Big Candied Pills has marked a new era in the sealing process of the candied pills in the State. The Group is proud to present the above technology innovation of our subsidiaries which has fostered development of the industry and provided technical support to ensure manufacturing of quality products and facilitate process of brand building.
These have also laid solid grounds and have given rise to inspiration for further development of technology insight and 
The Group owns manufacturing bases in Foshan city of Guangdong Province and Jining city of Shandong Province, with an annual production capacity of 3 billion tablets and 200 million capsules respectively. For granule, medical wine, antibiotics and oncology powder for injection, the annual production capacity reached 200 million packs, 14 million bottles and 100 million jabs correspondingly.
In 2009, the Group has established a market access department which has been tracking the latest industry policies promulgated by the State for the last three years. The department has conducted substantial analysis and preparation to maintain the pricing of key products, and to ensure inclusion of our key products on the National Essential Drugs List and the drug list for medical insurance, with an aim to devising a future development plan for the Group that can capitalize on the national policies and strategies.
LEVERAGE ON THE ADVANTAGES OF THE STATE S ESSENTIAL DRUGS POLICY Since the national essential drugs system became effective in August 2009 followed by over two years of implementation and development, the Healthcare Reform Office of the State Council announced in September 2011 the early implementation of the practice of full coverage medical insurance of lower income groups. In a circular issued by the Ministry of Health in 2012, emphasis were put on stepped-up efforts of essential drugs use, demonstrating the determination of the central government to administer the system, and providing further opportunities in the national essential drugs development.
About 22.0% products of the Group were included in the National Essential Drugs List or the Supplemental Essential Drugs List of provinces, accounting for about 47.1% of the turnover of the Group. Hence, the advancement of the national essential drugs system would exert a significant impact on the sustainable development of the Group.
LEADERSHIP INSIGHT AND STRATEGIC POSITION ON FUTURE DEVELOPMENT The board of directors (the Board ) of the Company has laid out the blueprint for future sustainable growth based on the solid ground and edges formed in the past five years.
Our leadership insight is to conform to the industry development pattern, follow the guidelines on industrial policy guidelines of the State, strengthen the existing foundation of the Group, maintain our current position in the nation, and explore the origin of Chinese medicines. With the support of our core corporate values, we capture profit with scale, integrate innovation and inheritance, and seek organic growth and external expansion. Our enterprise setup and Be Healthy with Winteam is ready to create value for the shareholders and the society.
Our development mottos are to expand the time-honored brand through inheritance of 400 years traditional pharmaceutical wisdom, and to maximize traditional resources to become a legend of the industry. Our strategic position is to be the frontrunner in new release technology, be the pioneer in inheritance of traditional pharmaceutical wisdom , which aligns with the supporting policies of the government. Currently, the Group has invested substantial resources in the new drugs that deploy sustained or controlled-release technology. Meanwhile, the Group has also explored and inherited the wisdom of traditional Chinese medicines for the past 400 years to expand in the Chinese medicine health industry. These projects have placed the Group at an advantageous position to benefit from the national policies that support the growth of the industry.

To celebrate the fifth anniversary of our operation in the pharmaceutical industry, the Board recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$89,170,540.35 for the year ended 31 December 2011 (2010: Nil).

It has been half a decade in my role as Chairman of the Company and it is my great pleasure to witness the rapid development of the Group during these years. Under the precise strategy and leadership of the Board and dedication and contribution from all management and staff during the past five years, I have great confidence in the future prospects of the Group.
I have attained the age of retirement and will resign as Chairman of the Board with effect from 28 March 2012, but will remain as a non-executive director of the Company. Mr. Xu Tiefeng will be appointed as the Chairman of the Board. It is my great honor to chair the board for five years in a row, and I would like to take this opportunity to express my gratitude towards Shareholders and every Board member for the endured support and trust in the Company. I am confident that all directors will continue to contribute for the benefit of our Shareholders. I also believe that Mr. XU will certainly be able to lead the Group to the next level.

23 March 2012 