Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the report of Wing Shan International Limited (the Company ) together with the Company s subsidiaries called the Group to the shareholders of the Company.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND THE WAY AHEAD Throughout the year, the principal activity of the Company is investment holding and the principal activities of its subsidiaries are the manufacture and sale of Chinese medicine and pharmaceutical products in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ).
As stated in the Interim Report 2007, the PRC has been experiencing a continuous and steady economic growth over the years with rising personal income and spending power of the general public together with improvement in living standard. In addition, the PRC is facing an aging problem. Therefore, people in the PRC are becoming more health-conscious and more willing to spend in medical and health area. According to the statistics released by the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC, in terms of the gross output value, industrial sales value and total export value of the PRC medical and pharmaceutical industry have been grown more than 20% in 2007.
Besides, the Chinese Government will issue a series of new policies including the promotion of the hQlO ( Medical for All ). It will give a lot of opportunities to thrive the medical and pharmaceutical industry in the PRC. In the circumstances, I am optimistic about the prospects of the Chinese medicine and pharmaceutical business in the 
The Group will concentrate on its present core business which has positive contribution to the Group. This includes mainly the development of the sales and marketing networks and the cost control in manufacturing and operation against the signifi cant price increasing in the PRC recently. On the other hand, the Company will also seek any business which can provide contributable profi ts and positive effect to the fi nancial position of the Group.

The generation and sale of electricity at Foshan City in the PRC had caused substantial losses to the Group for four consecutive years up to the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2006. After the disposal of the generation and sale of business of electricity on 28 December, 2006 and the acquisition of the business of manufacture and sale of Chinese medicine and pharmaceutical products on 9 October 2006, the Group recorded an audited profi t of HK$25.04 million for the year ended 31 December, 2007 in which HK$8.40 million was attributable to the equity shareholders of the 
REDUCTION OF SHARE PREMIUM ACCOUNT The company had put forward the proposal to reduce the share premium account by elimination the accumulated losses of the Company amounting to HK$837,876,237 as at 31 December 2006. The reduction of share premium account was approved by the shareholders of the Company and a court order was granted. It gives the opportunity to the Company to consider making distribution to its shareholders.

During the year, our management teams and all our staff have endeavoured their greatest effort to brave the challenges brought about by the diffi cult business environment. I have witnessed the strongest ever unity amongst all of us at the highest team spirit to face all the problems in the future. At the same time, I have also experienced the warmest support and the most generous assistance from our suppliers, joint-venture partners, customers, relevant authorities of the People s Government of Foshan Municipality and in particular the great patience of our shareholders. On behalf of the board of directors, I must hereby express my sincere appreciation to all of you and take this opportunity to thank Mr. HE Haochang (resigned as chairman and director on 1 January 2008) for his valuable contribution in changing the business of the Group and then turning into black and recorded a profi t for the year ended 31 December 2007. Delivering change is never easy.

Hong Kong, 23 April 2008 