Chairman¡¯s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
PERFORMANCE
I wish to report that Wing Shan International
Limited (the ¡°Company¡±) (together with its
subsidiaries known as the ¡°Group¡±) faced
challenging operating environment in the year
2003 mainly because fuel oil prices had surged
to almost record highs of the recent years. The
Group therefore incurred loss attributable to
shareholders for the year of HK$17.6 million
(2002: profit of HK$49.6 million). Loss per share
was 2.12 Hong Kong cents (2002: earnings per
share of 5.98 Hong Kong cents). Yet I must
highlight that the Group¡¯s financial position
remained satisfactory. Excluding those non-cash
expense items such as amortization of goodwill and depreciation, the Group would still have recorded profitable
results. To continue with our prudent financial policy in face of the increased working capital requirements, the
Company¡¯s board of directors (the ¡°Board¡±) has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year
of 1.5 Hong Kong cents (2002: 1.8 Hong Kong cents) per share.
STRATEGY
As one of the fastest growing cities in Guangdong Province, Foshan Municipality continues to experience strong
economic growth and remarkable electricity demand growth in recent years. Electric power industry remains one of
the fastest growing industries of Foshan Municipality. Taking full advantage of our competitive strengths, we will
continue our strategy to concentrate as priority on electricity generation business development in Foshan
Municipality. Despite the short-term performance repercussion caused by fuel oil price fluctuations, our business is
expected to benefit over the long-term as a leading local power plant operator in Foshan Municipality. Riding on the
sustained economic growth of Foshan Municipality and the improved global economic environment, we are
confident of the Group¡¯s business prospects. We will continue our effort to explore business opportunities that
could excel our competitive strengths and provide synergy to our existing business.
CHANGES OF DIRECTORS AND COMPANY SECRETARY
On 26 February 2003, Mr. TANG Jian and Mr. LAM Siu Hung resigned as executive director and non-executive
director respectively, both for personal reasons. With effect on the same day, Mr. LI Feng was appointed as an
executive director to replace Mr. TANG to be responsible for the operation of Shakou Power Plant. In an effort to
enhance the corporate governance standard of the Company, Mr. Lam Siu Hung, a qualified accounting
professional, was re-appointed as a non-executive director in January 2004. On 15 March 2004, Mr. Cheung Kin
Piu, Valiant, a qualified accounting professional, was appointed as independent non-executive director. As at thedate of this report, the Board is consisted of a total of eight directors, four of them being executive, one being nonexecutive
and three being independent non-executive directors. On 1 June 2003, Mr. CHEUNG Wing Yui, Edward,
after serving the Company for nearly ten years, resigned as Company Secretary for personal reason and in his
place Mr. HUEN Po Wah was appointed on the same day. Mr. HUEN is an Associate of the Institute of Chartered
Secretaries and Administrators and also an Associate of the Hong Kong Institute of Company Secretaries. The
Board would like to thank all those outgoing for their valuable contributions to the Company in the past and
welcome those joining the Company.
VOTE OF THANKS
In light of the challenging operating environment during the year, I believe the Group¡¯s performance has already
reflected the concerted best effort of our directors, our management teams and all our staff. I must express my
wholehearted gratitude to all of them and our counterparties including our PRC joint-venture partners and the
relevant authorities of the Foshan Municipal Government for the generous support given to us in the past years.
With your continuous and full support, I am confident that we can face the challenges ahead and are fully
committed to the implementation of our business strategy to strive for the best interests of all our shareholders and
stakeholders.
HE Haochang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 15 April 2004