Chairman¡¯s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
I am pleased to introduce the annual report of Wing Shan International
Limited (the ¡°Company¡±) and its subsidiaries (together referred as to the
¡°Group¡±) for the year ended 31 December 2000.
Business Results
The Group recorded loss attributable to shareholders of HK$19.6 million
(1999: profit of HK$95.8 million). Loss per share was 2.4 Hong Kong
cents (1999: earnings per share of 11.6 Hong Kong cents). The net loss
reflected an industry-wide phenomenon, for oil-fired power plant operators
in Guangdong Province, which was mainly attributable to the sharp rise
of fuel oil prices during the year.
Dividends In light of the increased working capital requirements due to the prevailing high
fuel oil prices and the Group¡¯s net loss for the year, the directors of the
Company (the ¡°Directors¡±) have resolved not to recommend the payment of
final dividend (1999: 3.5 Hong Kong cents per share) for the year. As no
interim dividend (1999: 1.5 Hong Kong cents per share) was declared for the
first half year, no amount of dividends was paid for the full year (1999:
HK$41.5 million).
Business Review The year was extremely challenging. Fuel oil prices experienced sharp rises and
hovered at high levels throughout the year. Such price hikes primarily reflected
international oil price fluctuations that were beyond the Group¡¯s control. The
Group implemented mitigating measures to minimize the adverse effect caused
by high fuel oil prices on its overall performance. While a number of oil-fired
power plant operators in the province incurred operating losses as a result of
scaled-down or suspended production, (Foshan
Shakou Power Plant Co. Ltd.) (¡°Shakou JV¡±) sustained profitable operation.
Essentially, not only were power-generating facilities utilized close to optimal
capacity, but planned repairs and maintenance programs were also undertaken
without interruption. Production efficiency and operational effectiveness were
sustained at satisfactory levels. The Group fully demonstrated its competitive
edges over its competitors to achieve quality performance amidst the very
difficult environment.
Outlook Despite the short-term earnings setback, the Directors are still optimistic of the
electric power industry of Guangdong Province. Electricity demand is expected
to sustain satisfactory growth as a result of the province¡¯s robust economic
performance. As the province¡¯s electric power market matures, accelerated by
the nation-wide electric power industry reforms, there will be further requirement
for the delivery of more efficient and reliable as well as cheaper and cleaner
electricity. To sustain its dominant market position, the Group needs to
continue its strive for excellence by improving operating efficiency and
enhancing cost-effectiveness. Strategically, the Group needs to explore profitable
business opportunities that could give synergy to its power generation business.Building on its management capability, technical expertise and business
relationship, the group is well positioned to identify and take advantage of
opportunities to invest in a diversity of profitable business associated with the
economic development of Foshan City and the nearby areas in Guangdong
Province.
Changes of Directors On 8 February 2001, Mr. DU Richeng resigned as executive director of the
Company in pursuit of his personal interests. The Company¡¯s board of directors
(the ¡°Board¡±) has appointed Mr. HE Haochang as executive director with effect
from the same date. Mr. HE was also appointed director and chairman of
Shakou JV, responsible for its strategic management and operation. Mr. HE is
presently the Chairman of Foshan Development Company Limited (¡°Foshan
Development¡±), a beneficial controlling shareholder of the Company. Mr. HE is
a veteran China businessman with extensive management experiences of jointventure
enterprises in the People¡¯s Republic of China (the ¡°PRC¡±). I would like
to thank Mr. DU Richeng for his contributions to the Group in the past and I
would also like to welcome Mr. HE Haochang as director of the Company.
Appreciation The satisfactory performance of the Group during the year could not be
possible without the joint efforts of all our staff. I would like to express my
wholehearted gratitude to all the Directors, management team and all the staff
for their generous effort and hardworking contribution. In particular, I would
also dedicate my sincere thanks to our PRC joint-venture partner and the
relevant local authorities of Foshan City for their full support and guidance.
YIP Siu Chun
Chairman
Hong Kong, 17 April 2001