On behalf of Winteam pharmaceutical Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.

The business of the Group continued to register satisfactory growth during the year under review and maintained promising performance, which reflected the enhanced competitiveness of the Group through the implementation of the acquisition and integration strategy of the board of directors (the Board ).
During the year under review, turnover of the Group increased by 40.1% to HK$939,178,000 from HK$670,175,000 for the corresponding period of last year. Profit from operation was HK$119,061,000, representing an increase of 24.3% as compared to HK$95,786,000 for the corresponding period of last year. Profit attributable to equity shareholders increased by 38.3% to HK$60,925,000 and basic earnings per share were HK cents 3.53, representing an increase of 25.2% as compared to the corresponding period of last year.

2010 was a critical year during which the medical and health system reform of China (the New Medical Reform ) was fully implemented. Ancillary policies for the New Medical Reform were gradually promulgated and implemented, bringing new momentum to the pharmaceutical industry along with new challenges. The Group leveraged on the development opportunities brought by the New Medical Reform to the pharmaceutical industry, strengthened our resources consolidation, and improved the standards of corporate management and new drug development. All these together have brought the production and operation of the Group to a new arena.
Following the further implementation of the National Essential Drugs system and the further improvement of the National Medical Insurance coverage and protection standard, there was an upward trend of the usage of those of our prescription drugs which were listed on the new version of the Essential Drugs List and the New Medical Insurance List by medical institutions. With the strong brand promotion in various media channels of the Group, our major OTC products also showed a substantial increase in sales quantity in retail drug stores, resulting in a record high turnover since our 
In April and December 2010, the Group completed the acquisitions of a 93% equity interest of Foshan City An Ning Company Limited ( An Ning ) and a 95.6% equity interest of Foshan Zhong Hong Co., Ltd. ( Zhong Hong ). The equity interest of Foshan Dezhong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Dezhong ) held by the Group increased to 96.6% from 51%; while the equity interest of Foshan Feng Liao Xing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Feng Liao Xing ) held by the Group also increased to 97.8% from 51%. These two acquisitions not only increased the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company but also had substantial strategic significance for the Group, allowing the Group to formulate strategic development plans for the China time-honored brand Feng Liao Xing which has 430 years of history and the China well-known brand Dezhong . On the List of Protected Cultural Heritage of Traditional Chinese Lingnan* Medicine announced by Guangdong province in 2010, there were a total of 19 Feng Liao Xing and Dezhong products selected under the protected list of traditional Chinese medicine with secret formula, which rank top among all pharmaceutical companies in Guangdong province. These included the famous Feng Liao Xing Rheumatism Medicinal Wine, Yuanjilin Herbal Tean TguT6 and Shaolin Dieda Herbal PlastergSbbku . The brands Feng Liao Xing and Dezhong demonstrated the philosophy of moral first, people oriented which has been advocated for pharmaceutical manufacturing for over 400 years. This philosophy also aligns with the corporate value that the Group has been pursuing. The Group will continue to capitalise on the rich traditional Chinese medicine resources of Feng Liao Xing and Dezhong to establish its corporate image as King of Lingnan Medicine 0WSs 0 in China.
* Lingnan]WS is a geographic area referring to lands in the south of China s Five Ranges . The region covers the Guangdong, Guangxi, Hainan, Hunan, and Jiangxi provinces.
Led by its brand strategy, the Group started a product selection project, which involved systematic and scientific analysis of over 200 types and specifications of products according to their market absorption capacity, growth rate and degree of competition, to determine the focus of the Group s product development. These product lines include respiratory system drug, pediatrics and immunology medicine, cerebro-cardiovascular drug, rheumatic disease and injury drug, special antibiotics, oncology drug with the representative products being Bi Yan Kang Tablet, VC Yinqiao Tablet, Yu Ping Feng Granule, Sheng Tong Ping (Nifedipine Sustained-release Tablet), Feng Liao Xing Rheumatism Medicinal Wine, Gaode (Cefodizime Sodium for injection) and Sha Pei Lin (Group A Streptococcus for injection).
During the year under review, based upon the above brand positioning and key product lines planning, the Group implemented different sales strategies for the three major end markets of the pharmaceutical products of China, namely city hospital ( First End ), retail pharmacy ( Second End ) and village, town and district hospitals ( Third End ).
The prescription drug business department and OTC business department have been set up, with an aggregate of approximately 1,200 staff. The target markets of the sales team of the prescription drug business department were the First and Third End Markets, and the main products being promoted were pediatrics and immunology medicine, cerebro- cardiovascular drug, anti-biotics and oncology drug etc. The OTC Business Department on the other hand was mainly responsible for the sale of respiratory system drug and rheumatic disease and injury drug to chain store pharmacies in cities, villages and towns. This strategy was an important drive for the business development of the Group, leading to a remarkable growth in turnover of the core products in 2010.
The Group also achieved significant results in its techniques and quality of products. Guangdong Medi-World Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Guangdong Medi-World ), our subsidiary, accumulated rich technical experience in the manufacturing of controlled-released and sustained-release preparation, and produced two signature products, namely Nifedipine Sustained-release Tablet, and FexofenadinePseudophedrine Sustained-release Capsule. Dezhong was also among the top in modern traditional Chinese medicine preparation technology and quality standard research in China, particularly in the techniques of Spray drying method and double-decked sheeting technology. The quality control standard of the Group has always been above the national standard, and our products, namely Bi Yan Kang Tablet, Yu Ping Feng Granule and VC Yinqiao Tablet rank first among like products in terms of quality, and were included in the National Pharmacopoeia in 2010. Our continuing emphasis on quality of drugs and production technique have enabled us to achieve good results in the centralized public bidding in drug purchasing of medical institutions of various 
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIES According to the statistics of China Southern Pharmaceutical Research Institute, the compound annual growth rate of the pharmaceutical market in China for the past 10 years was 16.46%. It is expected that the gross product of the pharmaceutical sector in China would reach RMB1,256 billion, or an increase of 25% over the corresponding period in 2010. Based on the latest forecast of IMS Health, an international pharmaceutical research institute, the compound annual growth rate of the pharmaceutical market in China would reach 24% during 2011 to 2015. Such growth momentum is believed to be driven by the remarkable improvement in the ability of households to increase spending on medical needs, as well as the higher level of urbanisation. With the full implementation of the Essential Drugs System and the continuous investment in the New Medical Reform by various levels of governments, the market share of National Essential Drugs is expected to increase gradually, and remarkable growth of drug consumption in the First and Third End Markets is expected to be seen.
At present, the Group has more than 200 types of products covering Chinese patent medicine, chemical drugs and bio-drugs. These drugs were mainly under 12 categories of clinical disease types, including cerebro-cardiovascular, respiratory, gynecology, pediatrics, orthopedics, ear-nose-throat, and injury. These products have established their brand recognition and sales support in the domains of cerebro-cardiovascular, respiratory disease, injury and pain relief. 5 exclusive products of the Group were included in the new version of the National Medical Insurance List, being Yu Ping Feng Granule, Bi Yan Kang Tablet, Gandakang Tablet TGr , Bai Ling Tablet }vHGr , and Wuji Bai Feng Granule p}vF| . The Group will continue to leverage on our rich product resources to enlarge our sales network, actively explore the First and Third End Markets and strengthen the brand advantage in the Second End Market.
Foshan of Guangdong was once one of the Four Major Historic Towns 0V'Y T 0 of China, and the cradle of Chinese Lingnan medicine, having a large number of renowned historic medicine shops such as Liang Zhonghong Wax Pill ShophN_8N( , Ma Pak LeungpOo , Chop Lan TongX , Yuen Kut Lamn Tg , and Li Chung Shing TongNg>wRX . During the Ming and Qing dynasties, kung fu and Cantonese opera were very popular in Foshan. This led to the popularity of Chinese patent medicine for sprains and bruises which gradually became the symbolic products of Chinese Lingnan medicine along with the birth of historic medicine shops well known for their bonesetting patent drugs such as Feng Liao Xing, Liang CaixinhO and Xi Ming TangX . Martial art masters with Foshan origin such as Huang Fei Hong; , Ye WenIOU and Bruce Lee were the best spokesmen for Chinese Lingnan medicine. Through Feng Liao Xing, the Group inherited the excellent medical resources of historic medicine shops of Chinese Lingnan medicine. The municipal government of Foshan has been planning to revitalise the reputation of Foshan while the Group shall bear the mission of reviving the Chinese Lingnan medicine. We will strive our best to promote the martial art culture and heritage contained in the Chinese Lingnan medicine, nurture persistently the Chinese Lingnan medicine brands of Dezhong and Feng Liao Xing with the philosophy of To rule medicine from morality 0N_l 0 , in order to create the Winteam brand as King of Lingnan Medicine in furtherance of Chinese Lingnan medicine.
Looking forward, the Group wishes to integrate the essence of traditional Chinese medicine and modern pharmaceutical technology, continuously research and develop products with the support of technological innovation to meet market demand, and to realise the corporate mission of Contributing to human healthcare; improving life quality and creating 
The Board did not recommend a payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2010 (2009: nil).

Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our staff members for their effort and contribution in 2010 and my appreciation also goes to our clients and shareholders for their support. With the effort and support from all parties, the Group will adhere to our established goals of providing our shareholders with the highest 
22 March 2011 