Chairman s Statement On behalf of the Board of Directors (the Board ) of Wing Shan International Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the fi nancial year ended 31 December 2008.

China, in terms of both its healthcare system and pharmaceutical industry, is a land of promises and challenges. With its ageing population, consistent double-digit pharmaceutical industry growth in the past two decades and ongoing healthcare reform, China offers market players a vast array of opportunities.
After a year of remarkable growth in 2007, the pharmaceutical industry in China is delivering another impeccable performance during the year under review. Revenue of the pharmaceutical manufacturing sector rose over 25% while its total profi t also jumped by over 25% during January to November 2008 compared with the corresponding period in 2007, according to National Bureau of Statistics of China.
Mr. Wen Jiabao, the China Premier, said in January 2009 that China will strive to improve the country s healthcare system to make healthcare more accessible and affordable. The Central Government published a long awaited medical reform plan on 6 April 2009 which promised to spend RMB850 billion by 2011 to provide universal medical to the country s 1.3 billion population. The principle of the reform is to establish a healthcare system that provides safe, effective, convenient and low cost public health and basic medical services for all urban and rural residents. More specifi cally, the reform will expand the coverage of medical insurance, increase the amount of rural and urban population covered by the basic medical insurance system or the new rural cooperative medical system to at least 90 percent by 2011 and build a basic medicine system that includes a catalogue of drugs that mostly needed by the public.

During the year under review, the Group recorded a turnover of approximately HK$443.53 million for the year ended 31 December 2008, representing an increase of approximately 24.6% over the previous year and profi t attributable to equity shareholders was approximately HK$20.33 million and basic earnings per share was approximately HK2.45 cents. The growth in turnover and profi t attributable to shareholders was mainly due to the increased selling price of our major products and the continuing appreciation of Renminbi against Hong 
Drawing on the successful experience of our business restructuring in late 2006, when the Group acquired the existing Chinese medicine business and disposed of its then loss making electricity generation business, the Board took advantage of the favourable environment of pharmaceutical industry and conducted an acquisition to seize on the growth 
The Board announced that on 29 November 2008, the Company entered into an agreement with Sureplan Limited to acquire the entire issued capital of Smartpoint International Limited and its subsidiaries at a consideration of HK$300 million (the Acquisition ). The Acquisition, the details of which are set out in the Company circular dated 31 December 2008, was completed on 6 February 2009. The operating subsidiaries of Smartpoint International Limited are qgtt gPlQ S(Guangdong Medi-World) and qqgobWoN g PlQS(Luya), collectively called as qgttW(the Guangdong Medi-World Group). The results of Smartpoint International Limited and the Guangdong Medi-World Group will be refl ected in the Group s consolidated accounts in 2009.
The Acquisition not only enables the Group to extend its product lines from traditional Chinese medicines to higher- end drugs, but also facilitates an integration of internal operational resources which ensures effi cient management and competitive advantage of the Group.
BUSINESS REVIEW (Continued) Currently, the Guangdong Medi-World Group owns over 80 approved products registration certifi cates, of which principal 
1. Nifedipine Sustained-release Tablet ]x0Ws}GrV s which is a chemical drug used to sooth high blood pressure and cardiac neuralgia, 2. Yupingfeng GranulesOF| which is a Chinese medicine used to strengthen immunity system, 3. Qiye Shen an Tablet NIy[Gr which is a drug extracted from plant used to sooth a wide range of syndrome including insomnia, heartburn or tumor etc, 4. Cefodizime Sodium for injectionl(u-b[0WU _ which is a chemical drug used as antibiotics, 5. Group A Streptococcus AtRlWg which is a chemical drug used to control and prevent cancer 
In addition, it has obtained 2 patented new drugs pending approval for registration and 7 patent applications in process.
Furthermore, 3 of the Guangdong Medi-World Group s products are listed in breed of the Chinese medicine protection W[-NOwT.z , and 100% of its products are included in the national essential list for the basic medical insurance medicine W[W,gBvOirvT.z . Most of the products of the Guangdong Medi-World Group are sold to retail drug stores and hospitals in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ).
The strength of the Guangdong Medi-World Group lies in its competitive edge arising from continuous development of new medicines and its extensive sales network which has been developed to cover both hospitals and OTC drug stores through the marketing strategy of academic promotion.
It also committed considerable efforts to its research and development and quality control management which not only made the products safe and effective, but also achieved excellent sales results.
The audited combined net profi t attributable to the Guangdong Medi-World Group for the two financial years ended 31 December 2006 and 2007 and the six months ended 30 June 2008 are as follows: For the six For the year months ended ended 31 December 30 June 2008 2007 2006 
Turnover 110.3 167.4 127.1 Audited combined net profi t before taxation 32.0 28.5 21.4 Audited combined net profi t after taxation 24.6 26.3 19.2 As at 30 June 2008, the audited combined net asset value of the Guangdong Medi-World Group was approximately HK$145 
As the Group harvested growing results, we are committed to rewarding our shareholders. The Board has resolved to recommend a fi nal dividend of HK0.7 cent per ordinary share to the equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2008 (2007: HK0.5 cent per ordinary share). The total amount of dividend to be distributed shall be approximately HK$11.40 million. (2007: HK$4.16 million), representing a dividend payout ratio of 56.1% of the profi t attributable to equity shareholders.
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIES The Board is confi dent that the pharmaceutical industry will grow steadily with the PRC government s favorable policies in 2009 and years ahead as the government has a plan to invest RMB850 billion in the new reform of the pharmaceutical system in PRC. This investment, which will mostly be used as the government s subsidies for the new rural cooperative pharmaceutical service and urban residents insurance, is expected to greatly increase the market volume of the pharmaceutical industry in PRC. The industry will be entering its rapid development stage in the domestic market in the next 
After the acquisition mentioned above, the Group has now 4 manufacturing subsidiaries operating with different brand names and sales network, producing different product lines.
With a view to achieving maximum economic benefit and overall operation effi ciency, we will adopt the consolidation and growth strategies as follows: 1. Enrich core product portfolio We will increase sales and marketing efforts on several emerging high value-added products which are proved to be more effective than similar products and have more market potentials. Some of these products are the unique products of the Group, therefore we can review and formulate pricing strategy according to market acceptance and preference. We will also place more resources on research and development to broaden our product line in order to improve our gross profi t margin and alleviate the concentration risk of reliance on the Group s existing key products.
2. Step up sales network construction and 
We will rationalize and consolidate the sales network of the Group s subsidiaries, which mainly covers Southern China region, Northern China region and affl uent coastal cities at the moment. With the government s subsidies for hospitals in rural areas and health care system, the demand for basic pharmaceutical products, particularly modern Chinese medicines, is likely to rise. We will respond to the market change with the implementation of a Step by step penetration program fkpqS R , in which we will commit considerable effort to expanding its existing market, particularly, the second-tier and third-tier cities and the end market in rural areas. We will also integrate our resources to fortify our partnership with strategic distributors to strengthen our distribution network, and further increase our market coverage and 
3. Integrate internal resources With three of the Group s subsidiaries located in Foshan city, we plan to establish a unifi ed purchase platform to lower purchase cost through scale advantage, and assure the quality of the raw materials. We will also rearrange and make full use of the current human resources, especially the marketing personnel to support the Group s consolidation and lower relevant cost, and through the sharing of production techniques of the subsidiaries, we strive to achieve cost effectiveness and product quality.
Moreover, we will establish a unifi ed settlement platform to promote effi ciency of the Group s internal management system and monitor the execution and the use of expenditure. With this settlement platform, we will improve the Group s cash management so as to reduce fi nance cost and make prompt actions in dealing with the Group s 
OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIES (Continued) 4. Ensure quality and safety of products With our core value which is With integrity and responsibility, we offer people products of quality _(W -N p'Y>w , we will strengthen our quality control management by upgrading our equipment, improving our production skills and quality control procedures, so as to ensure compliance with the requirements of GMP and the quality and safety of our products.
5. Focus on risk management Integration of resources is vital for the success of the Group as it brings great benefi t to the Group. However, it s a complex process because of different business model and management culture of the subsidiaries, so there might be integration risk. Besides, with the economic crisis continues to unfold, there might be delay in settlement of receivables from our major customers, this will increase the Group s credit risk. Furthermore, the Chinese government has strengthened its monitoring and regulatory control on pharmaceutical industry in terms of drug regulation, quality assurance and environmental protection. All these will post challenge to our risk management. We will allocate more resources to evaluate and monitor these risks with appropriate internal control procedures, so that we can adapt swiftly to the market change and enhance our core competence, thus ensuring sustainable growth and the investment value of the 
6. Seize on merger and acquisition opportunities We believe that consolidation will continue to be the trend of the pharmaceutical industry due to the implementation of the new healthcare reform. With our management team s in-depth knowledge of the local market, we will consider any new merger and acquisition opportunities that will contribute to the Group in terms of brand names, sales network, products and research and development.
As a large scale modern pharmaceutical manufacturer, the Group seized on the chance of expanding its market in 2008 to actively develop its current business, invest more resources to increase its production capacity, and improve the quality of products. We are heading towards a new goal in the year of 2009. Facing the new challenges and opportunities ahead, the Board aims to grab every opportunity of pharmaceutical industry integration to focus on the research and development of products, accelerate the establishment of the marketing team, and increase the market share of our products. The Board believes that through the above mentioned strategies, the Group will be able to grow in a sustainable way and bring a greater return to the shareholders.

I acknowledge with deep gratitude the work and support of my fellow directors and the staff of the Group, which have been crucial to our success. I am confi dent that their endeavours will continue to help the Group achieve greater accomplishments in the years ahead. I would also like to take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation to all our shareholders, customers and suppliers for their longtime support.

Hong Kong, 23 April 2009 