CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued attention and substantial support to us. On behalf of the board (the Board ) of directors (the Directors ) of China Traditional Chinese Medicine Co. Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the audited Annual Report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013: PERFORMANCE SIGNIFICANTLY IMPROVED The year of 2013 is a milestone of the Group. At the beginning of the year, the Group was indirectly controlled by China National Pharmaceutical Group Corporation ( CNPGC ), the largest business group of healthcare industry in China. In October the same year, the Group completed the acquisition of Tongjitang Chinese Medicines Company and its subsidiaries ( Tongjitang ). Such deals have set a solid foundation for the business development of the Group in the 
Pursuant to HKASs, the Group consolidated Tongjitang s financial statements starting November 2013, upon completion of the acquisition. In retrospect, the audited revenue of the Group was approximately RMB1,394,613,000, representing an increase of 35.2% compared to approximately RMB1,031,766,000 in the corresponding period of last year; the audited profit attributable to shareholders reached approximately RMB198,463,000, representing a growth of 17.8% compared with approximately RMB168,526,000 in the corresponding period of last year. Audited earnings per share for the year also slightly increased to RMB9.68 cents from RMB9.45 cents from last year, representing an increase of 2.4%.
TEAM UP STRONG HANDS TO ACHIEVE SYNERGY In May 2013, the Group announced the acquisition of 100% issued share capital of Tongjitang at the consideration of RMB2.64 billion, and concluded the transaction in October in the same year. On the date of completion, the fair value of the consideration paid by the Group was assessed as RMB2.62 billion. To the best knowledge of the Group, the acquisition of Tongjitang was the largest M&A deal in pharmaceutical industry of China in 2013, and was successfully completed within 5 months, which set a classic case of M&A in China.
By the end of 2013, the Group has completed the restructuring of the sales and marketing force and has set up a centralized sales and marketing management team. Starting 2014, the re-organised sales and marketing force will be responsible for the promotion and selling of all products of the Group, covering both prescription and OTC market in over 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities throughout mainland China.
The Group has also set up its finance center, R&D center, manufacturing center, purchasing center and human resource center, as well as issued unified rules and regulations for each of the management center, with the purpose of achieving synergy from all functions of the business. Currently, the Group owns 11 manufacturing facilities in Guangdong, Guizhou, Anhui, Shandong and Qinghai, with over 50 GMP certified production lines, which produce more than 20 dosage formats, including capsule, tablet, granule, etc. The Group will allocate its manufacturing resources based on factors of market demand, product characteristic, production capacity to reduce cost and to raise efficiency. The Group centralized its purchasing of bulk materials, using a tender system, to strengthen its bargaining power, reduce purchase price and save costs.
The Group expects completing the consolidation at the end of first quarter of 2014.
MERGE INTO CNPGC TO BUILD UP TCM FLAGSHIP In February 2013, Sinopharm Group Hongkong Co., Limited ( Sinopharm Hong Kong ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CNPGC, acquired approximately 56.97% of the entire issued share capital of the Group, and CNPGC is the ultimate controlling shareholder. Consequently, the Group changed its name to China Traditional Chinese Medicine Co., Ltd. in November 2013, demonstrating its status in TCM industry.
Directly under the management of State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, CNPGC is the largest state-owned business group in pharmaceutical industry in China and is one of the Fortune 500 companies in the world. The Group is the flagship company of CNPGC s TCM businesses, and will be the leader of TCM industry in China.
The Group owns the well-known brands of Dezhong , Fengliaoxing and Tongjitang , all with a long history, and is dedicated to the responsibility of inheriting and developing the essence of Chinese medicine. The Group has created and enhanced the brand of China TCM as the parent brand, with the purpose of building up and strengthening its advantageous position in the market.
Currently, the Group possesses production approvals of over 500 TCM and chemical drugs, including over 60 exclusive products. The Group has 26 exclusive products being listed on National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance, among which, Xianling Gubao CapsuleTablet (NHFVq%Gr), Yu Ping Feng Granule (sOF|), Bi Yan Kang Tablet (;pGr), Jingshu Granule (8F|), Moisturising & Anti-Itching Capsule (doqbkbvV), Fengshi Gutong Capsule (ouV) and Zaoren Anshen Capsule (hN[yV) are exclusive products on National Essential Drug List. A diversified product portfolio will facilitate the Group in identifying demand opportunity, enlarging market share and increasing sales revenues.
CARRY ON WITH ORGANIC GROWTH AND M&A STRATEGY Along with economic development in China, people invest more on their health. China has an expanding aging population, which results in increasing spending on healthcare. Both central and local government have raised the expenditure on improving the standard of health of Chinese people. All the above mentioned factors provide a growing market opportunity for the pharmaceutical industry. Chinese medicine has a long history. Its unique advantages in enhancing health, curing and relieving diseases have been proved by practitioners over centuries. The Group possesses a diversified product portfolio, with many of its exclusive products being listed on National Essential Drug List and National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance. The Group will benefit from the growth of healthcare market and the support to TCM from government. The Group has achieved a track record of rapid growth during the past years and is determined to maintain the momentum in the future.
There is a large number of pharmaceutical companies in China, resulting in fragmented market share. Many of the companies have the problems of limited resource, shortage of capital and no competitive advantage. As the government authorities are more rigorous on regulating the industry, there is a clear trend of consolidation among the pharmaceutical companies. While carrying on with organic growth, the Group is seeking for M&A targets to enhance its market power and reputation. The Group will focus on TCM, looking for M&A opportunity in all areas in the sector.
The Group will face both opportunities and challenges in the year of 2014. It is the first year for the Group to produce fully consolidated financial statements after acquiring Tongjitang. Following the completion of the consolidation, synergy from all aspects of the business will be revealed gradually. On the other hand, the ongoing change of government policy and the intense competition during the process of industry consolidation impose challenges toward the organic growth and M&A strategy of the Group.
With a solid business foundation, numerous market opportunities, efficient and flexible financing channels, and strong support from its shareholders, the Group will be the leader of TCM industry, achieving ongoing growth of revenues and profits and creating value for all shareholders.

22 March 2014 