CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
I would like to express my gratitude to our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continued attention and
substantial support to us. On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of China Traditional
Chinese Medicine Company Limited (the “Company”), I am pleased to present the audited Annual Report of the
Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2014.
IMPROVED PERFORMANCE THROUGH TOTAL INTEGRATION
The year 2014 is the first complete fiscal year for consolidating the financial statements of Tongjitang Chinese Medicines
Company and its subsidiaries (“Tongjitang”) subsequent to the acquisition of Tongjitang which was completed in
October 2013. The audited revenue of the Group was RMB2,690,173,000, representing an increase of 92.9% compared
to RMB1,394,613,000 in last year; the audited profit attributable to shareholders was RMB413,090,000, representing a
growth of 108.1% compared to RMB198,463,000 in last year. Audited earnings per share increased to RMB16.30 cents
from RMB 9.68 cents from last year, representing an increase of 68.4%.
The aforementioned improved performance was a manifestation of the successful integration after the acquisition of
Tongjitang. At present, the Company has set up a centralized sales and marketing management center, responsible for
the promotion and selling of all major products of the Group, covering both prescription and OTC markets of over 30
provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities throughout mainland China. On top of that, the Company has set
up its financial center, R&D center, manufacturing center, purchasing center, human resources center and information
center, unifying and improving the rules and regulations of each management center, and achieving synergy from all
functions of the business. The whole of the integration process was smoothly completed in mid 2014.
AGGRESSIVE ENTRY INTO CONCENTRATED TCM GRANULES MARKET
Between the end of 2014 and the beginning of 2015, the Company signed agreements for the acquisition of 81.48%
of the equity interest of Jiangyin Tianjiang Pharmaceutical Co., Limited (“Tianjiang Pharmaceutical”). In terms of
market share by revenue, Tianjiang Pharmaceutical is the biggest concentrated Traditional Chinese Medicine (“TCM”)
granules manufacturer in China. Concentrated TCM granules is one of the most important trends for the future of TCM.
According to the statistics from an independent third party research institute, the market size of concentrated TCM
granules grew at a compound annual growth rate of over 50% for the period from 2006 to 2013, which was much
greater than other categories of TCM products. The market size is expected to reach approximately RMB 18.8 billion in
2018.
Tianjiang Pharmaceutical is the forerunner among all TCM manufacturers specializing in the research and development
and production of concentrated TCM granules; with its role as leader in the industry, its revenue figure took up about
50% of the market share. The acquisition of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical enables the Company an immediate entry into
the concentrated TCM granules market and to hold a dominant position in the industry. At the same time, concentrated
TCM granules are an important supplement to the TCM products that are currently manufactured by the Company. It
will also be a strong boost towards the Company’s goal of establishing itself as the leader of TCM industry.
Currently, various steps of the acquisition of Tianjiang Pharmaceutical are being undertaken in a tense but orderly
manner; it is expected that the transaction will be completed by mid 2015. The Company is experienced in mergers and
acquisitions (“M&A”) and post-deal integration, and has flexible business practices and effective incentive mechanisms.
The Company is confident that the acquisition and integration processes will be successfully completed, with the purpose
of creating synergy and raising earnings per share soon.
ENDEAVORING TO BE THE LEADER OF TCM INDUSTRY
As the flagship company of China National Pharmaceutical Group Corporation (“CNPGC”) in the Chinese medicine
sector, the Company’s goal is to establish itself as the leader of TCM industry in China.
The Company will fully leverage on the strong brand of “Sinopharm” to develop and flourish such historical and well-
known brands as “Dezhong”, “Fengliaoxing” and “Tongjitang”, with a view to establishing and strengthening the
advantageous position held by the Company in the market and the industry. The Company possesses production
approvals for more than 500 TCM and chemical drugs, including over 60 exclusive products and specifications. The
Company has 26 exclusive products which are listed on the National Drugs List for Basic Medical Insurance, among
which, Xianling Gubao Capsule/Tablet （仙靈骨葆膠囊╱片）, Yu Ping Feng Granule （玉屏風顆粒）, Bi Yan Kang Tablet
（鼻炎康片）, Jingshu Granule （頸舒顆粒）, Moisturising & Anti-Itching Capsule （潤燥止癢膠囊）, Fengshi Gutong
Capsule （風濕骨痛膠囊） and Zaoren Anshen Capsule （棗仁安神膠囊） are exclusive products on the National Essential
Drug List (2012 edition) (“EDL”). The Company has achieved healthy business growth in the past few years and is
confident in maintaining such momentum.
The Company has established its base in the Chinese medicine sector and maintains a staunch stand in its strategy of
organic growth and M&As. On the foundation of a sustainable growth of its existing TCM business and the entry into
concentrated TCM granules market, the Company will continue to seek for resources in the relevant sector in order
to support the development in the above two businesses and to enhance the value chain of TCM manufacturing.
Meanwhile, the Company will explore entering into TCM service sector in accordance with the characteristics of TCM
theory and practice, with a view to expanding its business scope and leveraging on its superior resources in the sector.
Currently, with the complex economic conditions, there is an apparent slow-down in the growth of various industries,
including healthcare. The ongoing change in government policy and the intense competition during the process of
industry consolidation, together with the impact of new technology on the market, have increased uncertainties faced
by pharmaceutical companies. However, the Company has a firm SOE-background with CNPGC being its controlling
shareholder, while maintaining flexible and down-to-earth business strategies for a private enterprise. With established
corporate governance mechanism and sustainable business model, as well as benefiting from the efficient capital
market in Hong Kong, the Company will be able to maintain continuous growth in its revenue size and profitability. The
Company will become the leader in China’s TCM industry and create value for all shareholders.
Wu Xian
Chairman
16 March 2015