Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
BUSINESS RESULTS
I am pleased to report that the profit attributable to
shareholders of Wing Shan International Limited (the
“Company”) (together with its subsidiaries known
as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December
2002 achieved a significant growth of 284.5% to
HK$49.6 million (2001: HK$12.9 million). Earnings
per share also improved from 1.55 Hong Kong cents
to 5.98 Hong Kong cents. Shareholders’ equity grew
modestly by 2.1% to HK$1.49 billion (2001:
HK$1.46 billion) and the Group’s net assets per
share increased from HK$1.76 to HK$1.80. These
achievements primarily reflected the concerted effort
of all members of the Group to strive for the common
objective to enhance the value of the Company’s
shareholders.
DIVIDENDS
The board of directors (the “Board”) has resolved to recommend the payment of a final dividend of
1.8 Hong Kong cents (2001: 1.5 Hong Kong cents) per share for the year. There was no interim
dividend declared for the first half of the year and the total amount of dividend for the year was
approximately HK$14.9 million (2001: HK$12.4 million).
BUSINESS HIGHLIGHT
During the year, operating environment remained challenging mainly due to (1) high fuel oil prices
and (2) Guangdong Province’s electric power industry reform. The Group continued its focus to improve
the performance of 佛山市沙口lS有限公司 (Foshan Shakou Power Plant Co. Ltd.) (“Shakou JV”)
which owns and operates a combined cycle power plant with an installed capacity of approximately
300 megawatts (“Shakou Power Plant”) in Foshan City District, Guangdong Province, the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC”). In this respect, the Group has achieved remarkable results. Not only
has Shakou JV sustained profit growth, power generating facilities were maintained at its optimal
conditions. A major overhaul has been successfully performed and the power plant facilities were
upgraded in early 2003. Production plan has been carried out safely without severe mechanical
failures or significant unexpected breakdown. On the other hand, business environment continued to
remain difficult as a result of the general economic downturn. Despite the strategic endeavor to explore
new business opportunities and to reduce the Group’s susceptibility to the challenging operating
environment, the Company’s directors (“Directors”) have exercised extreme prudence towards new
business and investment opportunities.
PROSPECTS
Despite the short-term challenges posed by the changing operating environment, the Directors are
optimistic towards the long-term prospects of the electricity market in Foshan City and Guangdong
Province. The Directors will continue to closely monitor the market development and to implement
mitigating measures to minimize any significant adverse impact on the Group’s performance. It has
been the Directors’ strategy to sustain profit growth of Shakou JV and hence to strengthen the financial
solidarity of the Group on a long-term basis. As general economic and business environment improve
over time, the Directors are confident of the Group’s prospects in identifying profitable investments
and business opportunities. Based on its long-established business relationship with Foshan City, the
Directors believe the Group is in an advantageous position to benefit from the future economic growth
and development of Foshan City and the Pearl River Delta Area.
CHANGES OF DIRECTORS
With effect from 18 June 2002, Mr. WEI Zhong Ping, aged 72 and having served the Company for
almost 10 years, resigned as an independent non-executive director and Chairman of the Company’s
audit committee mainly for reason of health. On the same day, the Board has appointed Mr. NG Pui
Cheung, Joseph to replace Mr. WEI as an independent non-executive director and a member of the
audit committee while Mr. CHAN Ting Chuen, David was appointed as Chairman of the audit committee.
With effect from 26 February 2003, Mr. LAM Siu Hung and Mr. TANG Jian resigned as a nonexecutive
director and executive director of the Company respectively for personal reasons. At the
same day, Mr. LI Feng was appointed as an executive director of the Company. I would like to thank
all the resigning directors for their valuable contribution to the Company in the past and welcome Mr.
LI to the Board.
APPRECIATION
This year’s achievements would not be possible without the coordinated efforts and contributions of all
the staff and management teams of the Group. I would like to give my wholehearted thanks to them.
Special thanks have to be dedicated to our professional advisors, PRC joint-venture partners, fuel
suppliers and all the relevant PRC authorities who have given us the greatest support in the past year.
Finally, I have to once again give my special acknowledgement to all our shareholders who have
persistently given us guidance and support in the past and reinforced our determination to strive for
the best interests of all the Group’s stakeholders.
HE Haochang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 15 April 2003