CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On behalf of Winteam pharmaceutical Group Limited (the Company ), I am pleased to present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009.
With the impact of the global financial crisis, the overall business environment in China was extremely volatile, leading to a difficult year for all sectors in 2009. However, the pharmaceutical industry, which was driven by market demand, managed to maintain high growth. According to the data of the Southern Institute of Medical Economics (WSe} oxvz@b) under the State Food and Drug Administration, the total output value of medicines of China in 2009 reached approximately RMB1,023 billion, representing an increase of approximately 18%. It was mainly attributable to the inelastic demand for medicines and the booming effect brought about to the medicine market by the extension of the coverage of medical insurance.
In addition, the Chinese government introduced the New Medical Reform Plan (the New Medical Reform ) in 2009, which has brought about substantial changes to the domestic pharmaceutical industry along with extensive business development opportunities for all industry players.
PROMISING RESULTS BROUGHT ABOUT BY ACQUISITION AND INTEGRATION Despite the intense market competition, the Group s business recorded satisfactory growth and delivered promising performance during the year under review. It was mainly attributable to the success of the acquisition and integration strategy formulated by the board of directors (the Board ) and the strengthened competitive edges of the Group.
For the year under review, the Group s turnover increased considerably by 51.1% to approximately HK$670.18 million from HK$443.53 million for the corresponding period of last year. The profit from operations was approximately HK$95.79 million, representing an increase of 74.8% as compared to approximately HK$54.78 million for the corresponding period of last year. The profit attributable to equity shareholders increased significantly by 116.7% to approximately HK$44.05 million. Basic earnings per share were HK cents 2.82, representing an increase of 15.1% as compared to the last corresponding period.
The Group was reorganized in 2009. During the year, the Group completed its capital reorganization and a number of acquisitions as well as integrations involving functions like sales and marketing, purchasing and human resources. As a result of these, the Group s competitiveness has been enhanced in various aspects. The Group secured core resources for sales networks, product sources, competent staff members and research and development through reorganization, thus provided solid foundation for future development of the Group.
The Group always values our capability to develop innovative products and technologies. During the year under review, the Group delivered promising achievements in respect of research and development, which further enhanced the Group s ability in providing innovative products and developing technologies as an independent entity. To capitalise on the reputable corporate image and identity of Winteam as a branded quality medicine manufacturer focusing on contemporary and traditional Chinese medicines and to well define our positioning in the market, the Group renamed from Wing Shan International Limited (iq W gPlQS) to Winteam Pharmaceutical Group Limited (v)YW g PlQS) in September 2009. With the enhancement of operation capability, together reorganization and acquisitions, the Group will strive to realize its strategic goal of becoming one of the well-known and influential pharmaceutical enterprises in China.
NEW MEDICAL REFORM BENEFITS THE GROUP IN VARIOUS ASPECTS Owing to the ever improving living standard of people and the aging population in China, the demand for medical healthcare services will be enormous in the future. The total number of visits (in-patients and out-patients) will increase rapidly, supporting the rapid expansion of the market of medicines for hospitals on an on-going basis. According to a forecast made by the IMS Health, an international market research firm, China will become the second largest pharmaceutical market in the world only after the United States by 2020. The Chinese government is going to invest RMB850 billion from 2009 to 2011 for the New Medical Reform, aiming at providing people in cities and rural areas across the country with quality and affordable medical healthcare services. With the New Medical Reform, the Board believes that the pharmaceutical industry is experiencing substantial changes and the golden period for further development will emerge within the next few years. The development of the Group will be facilitated by the New Medical Reform and our competitive edge strengthened by acquisitions and integration with beneficial factors as 
? Over 60 products of the Group, including two exclusive products, namely Biyankang Tablet (;pGr) and Yupingfeng Granule (sOF|), have been included in the National List of Essential Drugs (Basic Version). In the National Basic Medical Insurance, Work Injury Insurance and Childbirth Insurance Medicine List ( W[W,g BvO0]POTuOTv) (2009 Version) (the National Medical Insurance List (2009 Version) ) announced in November 2009, in addition to over 120 existing products of the Group, three more exclusive products, namely Gandakang Granule (TF|), Gandakang Tablet (TGr) and Wuji Bai Feng Granule (p }vF|) (in the form of exclusive dosage), have been added. This will enable the Group to enlarge its sales scale and market share in the future.
? The Group has a strong product line comprised of over 200 products covering Chinese patent medicines, chemical and bio-drugs. Major products of the Group are essential medicines for common, frequent and chronic diseases, including medicines for cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, and injuries & pain relieving. The product mix of the Group complements with the States s policy which encourages the use of essential medicines.
? Products of the Group mainly target at the basic market, including the OTC end-market at retail points, hospitals in counties and cities and hospitals in local communities and rural areas. These markets will be able to deliver higher growth in the future under the New Medical Reform.
? According to the New Medical Reform of China, specific policies which are in support of and favorable to the development of the Chinese medicine industry have been introduced. Since the Group s products are mainly Chinese patent medicines, all these policies are beneficial to the Group. In particular, the Group has positioned its operating subsidiaries, Foshan Dezhong Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Dezhong ) as a modernized Chinese medicine enterprise while another subsidiary, Foshan Feng Liao Xing Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. ( Feng Liao Xing ) as a Chinese medicine enterprise manufacturing products with traditional prescriptions.
? The Group s five well-known corporations and product brand names, namely Dezhong ( _>w ), Feng Liao Xing ( N' ), Sheng Tong Ping ( Vs ), Gaode ( _ ) and Xi Ming Tang ( X ), are all valuable to the effective brand name promotion and marketing activities in various end-markets of pharmaceutical 
CORE BUSINESS STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK The core strategy of the Group is: through the internal growth along with external acquisitions, we strive to enlarge scale of sales and market share, and become one of the well-known and influential pharmaceutical enterprises in China. the Board reckons the New Medical Reform will bring about progressive changes, opportunities as well as challenges to the entire pharmaceutical industry. In response to this, the Group has formulated a three-year (2010 2012) development plan emphasizing consolidation, upgrading and development based on our core strategy. Furthermore, the Group will leverage on the business opportunities brought about by the New Medical Reform and adapt to challenges therefrom, and adjust its research and development, production management and sales and marketing strategies to step up the foundation for further growth.
In the future, we will implement the following business measures to realize the strategic goal of the Group: (i) to increase the investment in research and development activities and human resources, upgrade our standard and capability in production quality management and to further improve the product mix of the Group for meeting market demand for both high-end and low-end products; (ii) to establish a modernized medicine pre-processing and extracting center to expand our productivity to cope with the market demand derived from increasing sales volume; (iii) to modify the Group s sales and marketing strategies by improving our product mix through acquisitions and reorganization, as well as repositioning our products; and (iv) to formulate new sales and marketing strategies for the basic market, including the exploration of new markets, placing more emphases on basic communities and the expanding the coverage of sales network to the end-market at hospitals in communities and rural areas.
Looking ahead, the Group intends to combine the essence of the traditional Chinese medicines with modern pharmaceutical technologies, and to conduct product research and development supported by innovative technologies to meet market demand, realizing the corporate mission of contributing to human healthcare; improving life quality and creating happy life .

The Board clearly understands that dividend payment is one of the most important ways for a company to show appreciation to its shareholders, and it is the standard policy of the Company. However, the Group is in a crucial stage of business expansion and development, and therefore, requires sufficient cash to ensure rapid and sustained development.
Accordingly, the Board considers it prudent not to recommend a payment of final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2009. Nevertheless, the Company will review the dividend policy from time to time and the payment of dividend will be made in due course when it is appropriate.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our staff members for their effort and contribution in 2009 and my appreciation also goes to our clients and shareholders for their support. With the effort and support from all parties, the Group will adhere to our established goals of providing our shareholders with the highest 
20 April 2010 