Letter from the Board For the year ended 31st December, 2007, the Group had a consolidated turnover of HK$317,066,000, an increase of 14% from HK$279,133,000 of the preceding year. Its gross profit and profit attributable to shareholders declined by 23% to HK$46,563,000 and 15% to HK$24,535,000 respectively. Such decrease is mainly due to the fierce competition, depressed prices of chemical products and rising overheads that continue to confront us. Since the associated company CMW Holding Limited ( CMW ) (formerly known as Weilburger Manfield Limited) commenced its own production in Wuxi in China mainland, the turnover for CMW grew.
During the year under review, the demand for toy paints was still affected by the relative sluggishness of the toy market. The soaring of the prices of raw materials, particularly that of crude oil, also had a noticeable impact on the costing and pricing of the Group s products as well as general market sentiments. As economic growth in China accelerated and demand for labour became more and more acute, rising labour costs imposed significant additional burden on the Group in terms of overheads. In response to such challenges, we further tightened our stringent cost- controls in key areas of our operation including sourcing for less expensive raw materials and expanding our sources 
Despite the keen competition, we persisted in our dedication to providing quality product and service to our customers by improving our plant facilities and work standards in respect of production needs and regulatory requirements. As such, the Group is able to maintain the confidence of its customers because of its good track record and continual efforts to enhance quality control and provide quality service.
Faced with the problem of having to operate in an increasingly difficult business environment, the Company sought to mitigate the effect of adverse factors on its business and to secure an immediate financial return for the purpose of obtaining additional resources by disposing of its 49% interests in Rookwood Investments Limited, a then major wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. In an effort to further increase the general working capital of the Company, Pacific Orchid Investments Limited ( Pacific Orchid ), the major shareholder of the Company, entered into a top-up arrangement with the placing agent and the Company, pursuant to which Pacific Orchid placed 50,000,000 shares at a placing price of HK$2.5 per share and subscribed for the same number of new shares at the same price each share.
Upon completion of the arrangement, there were net proceeds of approximately HK$120,000,000 for use by the Group as general working capital.
In light of the increasingly difficult business operating environment as aforesaid, the Company has been endeavouring to maximize return for shareholders by capitalizing on good investment opportunities and seeking diversification of business. To fully exploit the growing demand for coal on a global scale and in the PRC, the Company, through its direct wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a conditional agreement with independent third parties to acquire, subject to the fulfillment of a number of conditions, two coal mines in Inner Mongolia, the PRC. We anticipated that the purchase of the coal mines will enable the Company to generate income and cash flow through its investment and trading activities in the natural resource sector.
Looking ahead, the continual rise in general operating costs accentuated by increasing volatility of oil prices will remain a major concern for the Group. In 2008, we will persist in our constant efforts to upgrade our products and services, develop new markets, deepen our contacts and consolidate closer ties with our customers.
Besides, the management is constantly seeking and reviewing new investment opportunities that could lead to long-term benefit to the Group and, hence, increase returns to its shareholders.
On behalf of the Group, the Board would like to convey its heart-felt gratitude to all our employees for their diligence and contributions to the Group. We would also like to acknowledge the continual patronage of our customers, along with the support of our suppliers and shareholders.
On behalf of the Board Lau Yau Cheung 
Hong Kong, 17th March, 2008 