Mr. Yang Zhihui I am pleased to present the business progress of Landing International Development Limited ( Landing International ) for the year 2014. During the year, we achieved breakthroughs in expanding our business coverage. The group of Landing International (the Group ) grasped the opportunities arising from Jeju market by acquiring a casino license and participating in the casino business there. Meanwhile, we made good progress in the Myth & History Park project, and held a groundbreaking ceremony for it in February 2015. All of these laid the solid foundations of the Group s business in Jeju and represented an important new chapter for the development of Jeju s tourism industry.
Upon successfully acquiring the casino business at Hyatt Regency Jeju Hotel in Jeju, South Korea in June 2014 and obtaining one of the eight casino licenses in Jeju, the Group immediately tapped into Jeju market by commencing its casino business there. Subsequently, Genting Hong Kong Limited (shares of which are listed on the main board of Stock Exchange under the stock code of 678) has been introduced as a joint venture partner into this project. The grand opening of the casino operated under the international tradename of Genting Jeju was held in January 2015. Equipped with world-class gaming facilities, the casino will offer a refreshing experience to its customers. With the introduction of the first world-class casino brand to Jeju, the casino will be able to greatly enhance the operational efficiency and performance of the Jeju casinos and lay solid foundations for the future development of our business in South Korea.
Furthermore, the groundbreaking ceremony of the Myth & History Park , a world-class integrated resort with an area of 2.50 million square meters jointly developed by Landing International and Genting Singapore PLC was held in 12 th February 2015. It is expected that such project will commence operation in phases gradually from 2017 and will be completed in 2019. Certain parts of the resort under such project, named as Resorts WorldTM Jeju ( RWJ ), will become one of South Korea s largest integrated resorts. RWJ will house Jeju s largest family theme park offering more than 20 rides and attractions in 7 different zones under the themes of myths and legends from all over the world; Jeju s largest adventure waterpark and one of South Korea s most exciting themed retail and food complexes. The resort will also include luxury villas, Jeju s first 6-star hotel and a destination spa. According to the development plan, the hotel will offer more than 2,000 rooms, and will be equipped with full meeting and conference facilities that are suitable for hosting regional and international meetings, incentive travel, conventions and celebratory events. In addition, RWJ will provide cultural facilities, leisure and entertainment amenities, as well as approximately 1,500 luxury serviced apartments and residential villas.
We are optimistic about the development of Jeju, South Korea, which is the country s only region that allows visa-free entry by individual visitors from 180 countries such as the People s Republic of China ( PRC ), Japan, Malaysia and Singapore. According to the information provided by Jeju Free International City Development Center, the number of visitors to Jeju in 2014 reached 12.273 million, representing an increase of 13.1% compared to that in 2013. In particular, the number of visitors from the PRC was over 2.85 million. We expect that more tourists will visit Jeju and the province s gaming and tourism industries will achieve remarkable growth after the Myth & History Park and other sightseeing attractions are completed and put into operation over the coming 
Presently, most people are visiting Jeju for sightseeing because the island is noted for spectacular scenery and traditional custom and cultures, that makes Jeju becomes one of the most popular destinations in South Korea. However, we are of the view that Jeju is in need of large-scale entertainment and resort facilities to meet the requirements of international visitors as the tourism industry is booming. I am confident that the Group, leveraging its professional knowledge and experience, will establish a world-class integrated resort of which Jeju s residents will be proud. This will also reinforce Jeju s reputation as a paradise resort. The Group will be able to bring fruitful returns to its shareholders through its investment in Jeju, a new market with enormous potential for growth.
All these achievements made by Landing International in just a year are not a matter of chance. I would like to take this opportunity to thank our investors for their support and trust, our teams for their dedication and contribution, and all the friends and acquaintances for their care and help.

Chairman and Executive Director 