Chairman’s Statement

“Landing” ’s aspiration is to
establish a strong foundation for its
business with an international vision
and provide guests from all regions
with distinguished travelling
experience featuring high quality
products and services.

Mr. Yang Zhihui 
Dear Fellow Shareholders,

2016 was a busy year for Landing International Development Limited and its subsidiaries (together, the "Group”).

In November 2016, we announced the acquisition of the remaining 50% effective equity interests in Landing Jeju Development Co.，Ltd (“Landing Jeju”）. Landing Jeju is currently developing an integrated leisure and entertainment destination resort in Jeju, South Korea, Jeju Shinhwa World (“Jeju Shinhwa”，formerly known as “Jeju Myths & History Park”）. The acquisition was completed in January 2017，and we are now the sole beneficial owner of Landing Jeju. Spanning across a 2.5 million square metres site, Jeju Shinhwa, when it opens in the fourth quarter of 2017, will be Jeju’s first premium integrated destination resort and will offer its visitors many world-class hospitality, leisure, entertainment and gaming facilities including a family theme park offering more than 20 thrill and adventure rides and attractions in 7 different zones, an adventure water park, more than 2,000 premium hotel rooms, luxury resort apartments and villas, cultural facilities, leisure and entertainment amenities, as well as Jeju’s largest themed retail and food and beverage complex.

Since its ground breaking in February 2015, construction of Jeju Shinhwa had progressed smoothly. As at the end of 2016, the structural works for Phase 1 of Jeju Shinhwa integrated resort were substantially completed. The focus in 2017 will be on the interior fittings of Jeju Shinhwa as well as preparing the resort for commencement of operations in the fourth quarter of 2017.

In order to develop Jeju Shinhwa into one of the integrated entertainment hot spots in Asia, our experienced team has been working day and night, dedicating every effort into details of the project, to bring a distinctive experience to our diverse visitors. The strong tourism appeal of Jeju Shinhwa has enabled Landing Jeju to successfully attract several well known business partners in South Korea. TUBAn Company Limited (“TUBAn”），one of the premier 3D animation companies in South Korea, will collaborate with Landing Jeju to theme 3 zones in Jeju Shinhwa’s adventure theme park. TUBAn is an award-winning specialist developer and producer of the widely popular 3D animations Larva, Wingcle Bear, Rotary Park and Oasis in South Korea.
Jeju Shinhwa has also hired many experienced professionals from various global hospitality, attractions, entertainments and gaming companies to join our growing management team. Each of these professionals has years of experience in their respective fields and will contribute their expertise to Jeju Shinhwa.
Jeju Shinhwa also plans to partner with a leading Korean entertainment company, YG Entertainment, to provide world-class entertainment shows and events in Jeju Shinhwa’s cultural entertainment zone, showcasing a series of popular Korean pop culture and featuring Korean celebrities of international fame.

On the hospitality front, Jeju Shinhwa is in advanced discussions with identified international premium hospitality brands to operate its premium hotels and villas. There are plans to partner an experienced and prominent retail operator to operate its retail mall in Jeju Shinhwa.

In April 2016, Jeju Shinhwa launched the sale of its residential apartments and villas and attracted strong interests and demand in South Korea and overseas. Temporary occupancy permit for the residential apartments and villas was obtained on 20 January 2017 and we will hand over the keys to the buyers by the end of March 2017.

In April 2016, marking a major step towards its goal of becoming a world-class leisure and entertainment brand, we expanded our business beyond Asia when we acquired a premium gaming club, Les Ambassadeurs Club (“Les A Club”），in London's upscale Mayfair. With a long history of two centuries, Les A Club has established itself as a major landmark in the architectural heritage and social life of the Mayfair and London scene, and as one of the most exclusive and sought after casino memberships. Les A Club has an international customer base mainly consisting of ultra-high net worth individual customers. Looking ahead, we plan to reach out to the premium customers in North Asia, leveraging on the Group’s growing market presence and strengths in this region, to further expand Les A Club’s customers base.
Following the acquisition of the casino located at Hyatt Regency Jeju Hotel in South Korea in June 2014 and renaming it “Landing Casino” last year, it has established itself as one of the preferred gaming destinations in Jeju, offering its distinguished guests a unique and exclusive gaming experience. The casino, installed and implemented with operation and control systems consistent with international standards and practice, will provide a good platform for us to build up our own brand name and professional team in the gaming industry. For the second consecutive year, Landing Casino was ranked first out of 17 casinos in South Korea in the 2016 Anti-Money Laundering Assessment conducted by the Korea Financial Intelligence Unit.

Starting in 2013, we have been working closely as a team and grasped every opportunity to expand our business. While we are developing the Jeju Shinhwa project, we are also sparing no efforts in looking for business opportunities around the world to develop our global businesses and to develop “Landing” into a world-class leisure and entertainment brand. Our aspiration is to establish a strong foundation for its businesses with an international vision and provide guests from all regions with distinguished travelling experience featuring high quality products and services. I am thrilled to look forward to the opening of Jeju Shinhwa in the last quarter of 2017. I am confident that Jeju Shinhwa, when opened, will be an iconic integrated destination resort that Jeju and its residents will be proud of and will contribute significantly to Jeju’s growing tourism appeal and tourists’ arrivals.

I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all our customers, business partners and government agencies for their continuous support. I would also like to thank our employees for their contribution and dedication to the Group and our shareholders for your unwavering confidence as we continue to forge ahead in the coming year.
Yang Zhihui
Chairman and Executive Director