CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr. Yang Zhihui The Group believes nowadays tourists are no longer satisfy with simple and traditional gaming service.
Instead, they are progressively turning towards a colourful experience in world- class integrated entertainment resorts.
I am pleased to present the business progress of Landing International Development Limited ( Landing International or the Group ) for the year 2015. During the year, in addition to the smooth development progress of the Group s flagship project Myths and History Park located in Jeju, Korea, the Group s casino business also achieved steady development.
Marking its business breakthrough beyond Asia, the Group proposed to acquire London s Les Ambassadeurs Club with 200 years of history, setting its goals on gaining global presence in the gaming and entertainment 
The Group has jointly developed a world-class integrated resort, Myths and History Park , with Genting Singapore PLC. Spanning across a land area of approximately 2.5 million square metres, the project has achieved satisfactory progress in construction since its groundbreaking in February 2015, with the completion of capping in partial residential projects and presale of said accommodations commencing in the second quarter of 2016. The project is slated to be opened progressively from 2017, and the entire development is expected to be completed by 2019. Upon its completion, Myths and History Park will become one of the largest integrated resorts in South Korea, creating approximately 6,500 direct and 25,000 indirect job opportunities. The Group is also pleased to announce that Myths and History Park was designated as Foreign Investment Zone under the Foreign Investment Promotion Law by the local government of Jeju, Korea during the year. Effective from 2016, the project will enjoy multiple tax relief benefits which signify the recognition of the Group s foreign investment by the local government of Jeju, Korea. The Group appreciates the recognition from the government of Jeju Special Self- Governing Province and will continue to invest its best efforts in developing this world-class integrated resort project with the ultimate goal of transforming Jeju into one of the top vacation destinations in Asia.
During the year, Landing International acquired 50% of the issued share capital of a joint venture which held the casino, located at Hyatt Regency Jeju Hotel in Korea, from Genting Hong Kong Limited. Upon becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group after the acquisition, the casino had thereinafter been renamed as Landing Casino . On top of its new refurbishment and renovation, the casino has been installed and implemented with operation and control systems consistent with international standards and practice, and provides customers from around the globe with world-class services leveraging top-notched professionals who have extensive experience with Asia and international based gaming operations. In addition, the casino achieved top ranking among 17 casinos in Korea with Excellent grade in 2015 in the Anti-Money Laundering Assessment conducted by the Financial Services Commission in Korea.
Such achievement is the fruit of the cooperative efforts between the Jeju government, the casino industry and the Group. The Group will continue to adhere to international standards in operation and management as a way to attract more foreign tourists and contribute to a sustainable development of the tourism industry in Jeju.
With the business operations running smoothly in Jeju, the Group considers the current timing to be opportune for expanding and diversifying operations beyond the Asia market. In December 2015, the Group announced its winning of the bid for Les Ambassadeurs Club located in London s upscale Mayfair district, symbolizing the Group s further expansion of its global presence. Les Ambassadeurs Club is operated pursuant to operating licenses and a casino premises license issued under the Gambling Act 2005 by the City of Westminster. With 200 years of history, the club has established itself as a major social landmark for prominent clientele from London and around the world since its inception during the 19th century.
The club claims an international customer base composed mainly of ultra- high net worth individuals. The Group believes that given the maturity of the casino business in and sound legal system of the United Kingdom, coupled with Les Ambassadeurs Club s prime location, a loyal customer base in Europe and the Middle East as well as experienced management, the acquisition of the club represents a unique and good investment opportunity that would allow the Group to lay a solid foundation in its business development in overseas markets.
In order to focus on its core gaming business, the Group disposed its wholly-owned subsidiary Double Earn Holdings Limited, which was principally engaged in the development of residential properties at Yueyang, the Hunan Province, the PRC, for a total consideration of HK$1 billion. The disposal allowed the Group to recoup not only in full the entire cash investment but also enjoy a net cash inflow, allowing the Group to redeploy its resources to its existing and other potential investments in line with the Group s long-term business strategy. Moreover, the disposal minimized the Group s exposure to the market risks resulted from any downturn in the property market due to fluctuation of the financial markets and the frequent changes in the property control policies in China.
During the year, the Group was able to achieve a breakthrough in marketing development, business restructuring and internal operations management. I would like to express my heartfelt appreciation to all our partners and investors for their ongoing support, and to our employees for their dedication and contribution. I truly hope that we will continue to work together towards the ultimate goal of bringing the business and prosperity of the Group to the next level.
2015 marked a period of uncertainty in the global economic environment due to factors such as the volatility of international oil prices and the stock market of the PRC and Hong Kong, sparking sentiments of cautiousness in the global investment environment. Nonetheless, China, as one of the world s leading economies with a massive population of 1.4 billion people, is still able to maintain considerable economic growth and growing spending power led by urbanization each year. As Chinese tourists increasingly discover more and more foreign tourist destinations, they are no longer satisfied with simple and traditional gaming services. Instead, they are progressively turning towards pursuing an experience that combines shopping, dining, gaming and business that can only be provided by a world-class integrated entertainment resort. Landing International believes that there are still many destinations in the world with high potential for developing the aforementioned resorts, and will continuously explore suitable investment opportunities in the international market. Enrichment of the business portfolio, achievement of optimal synergy, and thoughtful construction of each and every ongoing and planned project all come together to establish Landing as a world-class brand in the gaming and entertainment industry. We will strive not only to offer novel travel experiences for our customers, but also generate the best returns for our 
Chairman and Executive Director 