CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the
“Group”), I hereby present the Group’s annual results for the year
ended 31 March 2017 (“FY2017” or the “Year under review”).
With the gradually improving retail sentiment and a relatively low
base in the second half of the Year under review, the revenue
for the second half of the financial year improved significantly
comparing to its first half. The Group’s revenue for FY2017
therefore recorded a slight drop only.
Furthermore, the Group’s gross profit increased despite the
decrease in revenue, attributable to the improved gross margin
of both gold and gem-set jewellery products. Together with the
much narrowed loss in the investments and operating activities in
relation to Hong Kong Resources Holdings Company Limited and
its subsidiaries during the Year under review, profit attributable to
equity holders for FY2017 therefore increased when compared to
last year.
The Group’s total revenue for the Year under review amounted to
HK$12,807,277,000 (2016: HK$14,031,302,000), representing
a decrease of 8.7% over last year. Profit attributable to equity
holders increased by 6.1% to HK$1,016,838,000 (2016:
HK$958,692,000), with earnings per share of HK$1.73 (2016:
HK$1.63). The board of directors of the Company proposed
a final dividend of HK$0.40 per share (2016: HK$0.34) and a
special dividend of HK$0.15 per share (2016: HK$0.21), totaling
HK$0.55 per share. Together with the interim and special
dividends of HK$0.55 per share in total (2016: HK$0.55) paid
in December 2016, the total dividend for FY2017 amounted to
HK$1.10 per share (2016: HK$1.10 per share). The dividend
payout ratio reached 63.5% on a full year basis (2016: 67.5%).
Despite the slowing economic growth in Mainland China, its GDP
growth was amongst those at the top of the world. Given the
considerable growth potential of the middle-class population, the
Group still actively pursued further development in the Mainland
China market. During the Year under review, the Group opened a
net total of 64 Lukfook shops in Mainland China and there were 4
shops opened in Korea, Malaysia and the United States as well.
As at 31 March 2017, the Group had a total of 1,496 “Lukfook”
shops globally (of which 1,296 were licensed shops and 200
were self-operated shops). Together with our 9 “3D-GOLD” selfoperated
shops in Mainland China, there were 1,505 shops in
total globally, spanning over Hong Kong, Macau, Mainland China,
Singapore, Korea, Malaysia, the United States, Canada and
Australia.
OUTLOOK
During the Year under review, the same store sales of gemset
jewellery products in the Group’s retail business recorded a
notable narrowing decline. Besides, there was great improvement
in sales for the second half of the financial year, and the fourth
quarter same store sales resumed growth. The market sentiment
is improving, and this sentiment extends to the new financial year.
In view of this, we remain cautiously optimistic about the business
prospect for the new financial year. The Group will endeavour
to uphold the Group’s business development via focusing on
product offering enrichment, China network expansion and
market-oriented branding strategy in the coming year, and
through offering more fashionable yet affordable products to cater
for the trend of trading down consumption and to target at the
mass market covering middle-class customers as well as kids.
We therefore expect business for the coming year to restore a
growth track.
As the policies in Mainland China still emphasise on actively
pushing forward urbanisation and increasing the per capita
income, the Group will focus on expanding into the sub secondtier
cities and the Group’s net shop additions in Mainland China
will not be less than 50 in the new financial year. Moreover, since
young consumers have strong spending potential on online sales
platforms, the Group will continue to develop the e-commerce
business and to further strengthen cooperation with e-commerce
platforms in Mainland China. During the Year under review, the
number of the Group’s online sales platforms in Mainland China
was 12, including Tmall.com, VIP.com and JD.com. The Group
will continue to promote sales of good-value-for-money jewelleries
on online platforms to attract more young consumers, thereby
raising the Group’s brand awareness. The Group targets to grow
e-commerce revenue by 50% in the coming year.
By understanding customers’ spending habits, the Group will
adopt comprehensive initiatives to penetrate into the markets for
middle-class, wedding and kids. We will also continue to attract
customers and boost local consumption by enhancing product
displays, cross-promotional campaigns and VIP promotional
activities so as to improve sales and profit. The Group will
also showcase, promote and market its products on mobile
applications and social media platforms such as Facebook and
WeChat.
In addition to broadening the sources of income in different
ways, the Group will strive to enhance productivity and reduce
expenditure in different operational aspects, including the ongoing
negotiations with landlords about reducing rents, improvement
of service quality control, enhancement of support to licensees,
promotion of a continuous improvement culture and full
automation of operational processes, so as to enhance efficiency
and reduce costs in the hope of delivering better results to our
shareholders.
In the long run, there will still be solid customer demand
for jewellery products driven by the unique geographic
and tax advantages of Hong Kong and Macau, cumulative
brand awareness over the years, extensive retail network,
management’s effective sales strategies plus various costeffectiveness
enhancement measures, and increasing per capita
income in Mainland China. The outlook for jewellery industry
remains promising, which will be conducive to the sustainable
business development of the Group.
This year is the 20th anniversary since the public listing of the
Group on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited. This was an important milestone to the Group. Looking
backward, the Group has made significant achievements. The
Group’s business has been progressing steadily, with the number
of shops increasing continuously. In the past 20 years, the
compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of the revenue was 11%
while the CAGR of the profit for the year was 14%. As at 28 June
2017, the Group’s market capitalization reached HK$14.9 billion
which was 33 times of that at the time of the initial public offering
(“IPO”) and the net asset reached HK$8.9 billion, which was 41
times of that at the time of the IPO. Besides, the average dividend
payout ratio was 47%. Except for FY2003 which was affected by
SARS, the Group has achieved double-digit return on equity every
year since its IPO, which was a remarkable performance.
I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to all our staff
members, shareholders, customers, business partners and other
stakeholders for their unfaltering support and contributions to
the Group’s continuing success. Going forward, the Group will
still adopt pragmatic and sound growth measures, strengthen
its competitive advantages and further enhance its leading
position in the market so as to generate sustainable returns to
our shareholders and establish a new benchmark for corporate
excellence.
By order of the Board
WONG Wai Sheung
Chairman and Chief Executive
Hong Kong, 29 June 2017