WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited ( Luk Fook or the Group ), I am pleased to present you the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st March 2010.
We made significant headway in our business for the last year. It demonstrated that we could deliver solid sales and earnings in challenging economic cycles, along with exceptional cash flows and very strong returns on equity and 
Year 2009 is a year of progress and opportunities. The revival signs of property market and stock market boosted the confidence of consumers and brought significant improvement to the retail industry. PRC tourists contribute more than half of our sales. Following the government s relaxation of residence permit policies for temporary residents of the Guangdong Province in December 2009, it is expected that our retail stores are able to capture the expanding jewellery retail business generated by the substantial increase in the number of PRC tourists traveling to Hong Kong under individual travel scheme.
Stepping into 2010, we will continue to dedicate unceasing effort in promoting our brand name so as to sustain our leadership in the jewellery retail market in the region. The Group s quality service and creative product designs bring high popularity to our brand. With all the competitive strengths, we are confident that we are in a good position to capture the massive opportunities on the increasing demands for luxury products.
We keep expanding our store network, especially that in the PRC. The Group currently has a total of over 580 retail outlets in Hong Kong, the PRC, Macau, Canada and the United States and will continue to look for new business opportunities in the international market, echoing its core brand value of Brand of Hong Kong, Sparkling the World.
The Group opened a two-storey retail outlet in Park Lane Shopper s Boulevard, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong in December 2009. Eyeing its satisfactory business performance, we opened our flagship store, another two-storey sized approximately 6,000 square feet retail outlet at Haiphong Mansion in April 2010, bringing the total number of retail outlets in Hong Kong to 32 at present. With the excellent location of the new flagship store, we expect an increase in the sales mix derived from tourists.
Last year, we were honoured to be the pilot company participating in the early R&D, execution and promotion of J-ID (Jewelry-ID). A unique Global J-ID technology encrypts the information of the jewelry to 2-dimensional bar code and then craves it on the product. Customers can search through the jewelry content and its related information from the J-ID website according to the 10-digit code printed on the receipt. This innovative technology not only assists Luk Fook to further enhance its brand image, but also motivates Hong Kong Jewelry with high-quality brand to expand the China market.
I am also glad that the Group was awarded the 2009 Hong Kong Awards for Industries: Productivity and Quality , recognizing the Group s productivity and the outstanding performances on quality. The Group possesses excellent production technology and has strict standard on our products. We will continue to explore and provide new products and services in the future, and to enhance our product quality assurance system as well.

Looking ahead, the Group shall continue to concentrate its effort on developing the PRC market. With the strong growth of GDP, the purchasing power of PRC customers is increasingly high, and their demand for luxury goods increases substantially as well. According to the figures from World Gold Council, PRC is the only country recorded an increase in gold demand last year. The Group sees great potential in the development of the PRC market and is determined to further increase its market-share in the PRC.
The Group would continue to develop business in mainland by enlarging the sales network, so as to seize the opportunity brought by the appreciation of Renminbi and the relative strong economic growth of the PRC. Moreover, the Group would actively look for the opportunities to open self-operated shops in second and third tier cities to increase the market share. The Group will also strive to establish its presence in overseas markets when opportunities arise.
Last but not least, the hard work of our staff cannot go unnoticed. Our success relies on the outstanding efforts of our staff in providing the best service to our valuable customers. Their effort undoubtedly contributed to the great success of our business performance worldwide. In the years to come, we will continue to strive for business growth with exceptional energy and seize opportunities to further expand our sales network on the international platform. We will also engage our customers and repay their loyalty to the Group by designing better products with greater creativity and excellence.
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 20th July 2010 