CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I hereby present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 March 2016.
During the year under review, the continued slowdown in the economic growth in Mainland China, the tightening of Individual Visit Scheme Policy, the devaluation of currencies of popular tourist destinations and Renminbi, all imposed negative impacts on the desire of visitors to travel to Hong Kong and Macau.
Furthermore, the disappointing performance of the property and stock market in Mainland China also affected the domestic retail market. The Group s revenue for the financial year 201516 therefore declined. Moreover, the adjustment to diamond price in accordance with market price leading to the decrease in gross margin of gem-set jewellery products, the continued increase in overall rental expenses and the profit in relation to the investments and operating activities in Hong Kong Resources Holdings Company Limited and its subsidiaries turned into a loss during the year under review. Profit attributable to equity holders for the financial year 201516 therefore reduced when compared to last 
For the year ended 31 March 2016, the Group s total revenue amounted to HK$14,031,302,000 (2015: HK$15,922,708,000), representing a decrease of 11.9% over last year. Profit attributable to equity holders decreased by 40.6% to HK$958,692,000 (2015: HK$1,614,805,000), with earnings per share of HK$1.63 (2015: HK$2.74). The board of directors of the Company proposed a final dividend of HK$0.34 per share (2015: HK$0.55) and a special dividend of HK$0.21 per share (2015: Nil), totaling HK$0.55 per share for the year ended 31 March 2016. Together with the interim and special dividends of HK$0.55 per share in total paid in December 2015, the total dividend for the financial year 201516 amounted to HK$1.10 per share (2015: HK$1.10 per share). The dividend payout ratio reached 67.5% on a full year basis (2015: 
Despite the slowing economic growth in Mainland China, its GDP growth was amongst those at the top of the world. As a result, the Group still actively pursued further development in the Mainland China market. During the year under review, the Group opened a net total of 46 Lukfook shops in Mainland China (of which 20 were licensed shops and 26 were self-operated shops) and 9 3D-GOLD self-operated shops. As at 31 March 2016, the Group had a total of 1,437 shops globally, spanning over Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, the United States, Canada and Australia.

Currently, the global economic situation remains uncertain.
Therefore, the Group remains prudent about the business growth in the coming year. In the year ahead, the Group will adopt strategies on three focuses including product, China and branding via product offering enrichment, Mainland China market coverage enlargement and market oriented strategies, respectively, to enhance our business development.
We will enrich product collections by introducing fashionable jewellery that are good value for money to target the mass market and offer more kids-oriented products to capture the rising market opportunity led by the two-child policy.
Given the weak retail sentiment in Hong Kong, the Group will continue to optimise the retail network there by adding points of sale at residential areas in response to the better performance of the shops in such areas while reducing the shops at prime locations with unsatisfactory performance. On the other hand, with the considerable growth of the middle-class population and the implementation of the two-child policy in Mainland China, Mainland China remains to be a market with tremendous growth potential and business opportunities in the long run. Therefore, the Group will continue to expand the distribution network there by achieving a net growth of at least 50 shops in the coming year and increase its revenue mix so as to reduce the reliance on the Hong Kong and Macau market.
The Group will also continue to accommodate the national strategy of Internet+ , actively develop the e-commerce business in Mainland China with a target of increasing e-commerce revenue by 50% in the coming year.
Furthermore, we will adopt a holistic approach in terms of market penetration. Specific products will be introduced to cater for the consumption pattern of and demands from wedding customers, the middle-class, office workers and potential market brought by the two-child policy. The Group will also endeavour to attract customers, and actively stimulate local consumptions through product display enhancement, cross-selling promotions and VIP activities so as to improve sales and profit and nurture customer loyalty as well as capture young customers through online 
Moreover, the Group will enhance productivity via different means, such as reduce staff costs through natural turnover, strive for lower rent in the negotiations with landlords, strengthen service quality control and improve support to licensees. Apart from that, the Group will also endeavour to promote a culture of continuous improvement and automation of internal processes so as to improve efficiency and reduce costs. Mitigation of the impact of economic downturn on the performance of the Group is expected with various income-generating and cost-saving measures.
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all our staff members, shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their unfaltering support and contributions to the Group s success. Going forward, the Group will continue to adopt pragmatic and sound growth measures, strengthen its competitive advantages and further enhance its leading position in the market.
We look forward to generating sustainable returns to our shareholders and establishing a new benchmark for corporate 
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive Hong Kong, 23 June 2016 