CHIEF EXECUTIVE S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive It is my pleasure to present to you the 2008 annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the financial year ended 31st March 
For the year ended 31st March 2008, the Group s total turnover was approximately HK$3,367,182,000, which represented a 18.3% growth as compared to HK$2,845,147,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders rose 58.5% to approximately HK$313,989,000 from HK$198,059,000 of last year. Operating profit margin improved from 8.0% to 11.1%. Basic earnings per share were HK63.8 cents (2007: HK 40.3 cents).

The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK15.5 cents per share (2007: HK 11.0 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2008. In addition to the interim dividend of HK 10.0 cents per share already paid, the dividend for the full year amounted to HK25.5 cents per share (2007: HK 18.0 cents per share). The proposed dividend will be paid on 12th September 2008 following the approval at the Annual General Meeting.

The overall performance in the financial year 200708 was encouraging.
Our total turnover maintained a satisfactory double-digit growth. Thanks to the robust local financial market and the fast growing PRC economy, Hong Kong and PRC consumers generally grew in wealth and enjoyed rising living standard. Despite the volatile Asian stock markets in early 2008, the economic conditions in Hong Kong remain steady and the PRC economy continues to show strong growth.
The Group s turnover of the retail and wholesale business accounted for 74% and 26% of the total turnover respectively. Notwithstanding the surging gold prices during the year, gold products remained popular among customers, especially PRC tourists who buy gold as investments. For the year ended 31st March 2008, gold products contributed approximately 47% of the Group s turnover excluding trade-in transaction and the remaining 53% was mainly taken up by gemstone jewellery.
Meanwhile, the appreciation of Renminbi has encouraged the PRC consumers to buy more luxury products like jewellery. Indeed, from the figures of the Hong Kong Tourism Board, the spending per capita of the PRC tourists in Hong Kong in 2007 increased by 10.4% to HK$5,193 from that of last year, which was the highest growth rate among overnight visitors.

The Hong Kong Market The Hong Kong market remained the key market of the Group. The Hong Kong operation accounted for approximately 87% of the total turnover. As at 31st March 2008, the Group operated 28 shops under the brand name of Luk Fook in Hong Kong. During the year under review, the Group opened four new shops in Mong Kok, Causeway Bay and Central. Meanwhile, the Group s shop renovation project entered the final stage. Only the 2 shops in Shatin and the Hong Kong International Airport are yet to be renovated. To enhance profitability, the remaining Ice g. shop was closed down during the 
We estimated that over 50% of Hong Kong retail sales were contributed by the PRC tourists. The continuous appreciation of Renminbi has stimulated the purchasing appetite of the PRC consumers to shop in Hong Kong. Thus, the huge spending of the PRC tourists has been the key support of our Hong Kong sales, besides local consumers. For the year ended 31st March 2008, turnover from our retail business in Hong Kong grew by 35% from last year.

The Group believes the licensing operation in the PRC is an effective way to expand in the PRC and enhance the Group s brand awareness. As at 31st March 2008, the Group had over 340 licensee shops in the PRC.
While continuing to expand our licensee shop network, the Group also sets up self-operated shops to increase brand equity and shorten the learning curve of licensee shops. During the year, the Group increased the presence of self- operated shops in the PRC. Seven new shops were established in six cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Hangzhou, Ningbo, Lanzhou and Jinan, bringing the number of self-operated shops in the PRC to a total of 11.

With the establishment of more casinos and new attractions, Macau has gradually transformed into a large-scale entertainment city where tourist arrivals continue to increase year on year. More than that, it has out-competed Las Vegas during year 2007 and is by now the world s largest casino market.
In December 2007, the Group opened the third self-operated shop in the Grand Canal Shoppes at the Venetian Resort. We considered the Venetian Resort an ideal location to cater to the demand of the upper class customers.
Our other two shops in Macau also benefited from the growing tourist arrivals and rising tourist consumptions.

The Group continued to explore potential overseas markets to realize its globalization strategy. While we extended our geographical reach to more PRC cities during the year, our global retail network has also been broadened to new overseas markets. Apart from the retail outlets in Canada and the US, the Group opened another new shop under the brand name of Luk Fook in New York in December 2007. The Group is exploring further possibility to open another new shop in Las Vegas of the US.

Amid the uncertain global economic environment and the risk of slowdown in the U.S. economy, the retail industry in the coming year might not be as booming as that of last year on the whole. Nevertheless, with the foundation of Hong Kong economy, supplemented by strong domestic consumption and growth in tourist arrivals, we remain optimistic at the domestic retail market.
We are keen on developing the overseas market, as mapped out in our brand s globalization strategy. During the year, we made trips to different overseas markets such as Las Vegas, Dubai and the Southeast Asian region to explore the possibility of tapping into other new cities. We will seriously consider opening new shops when suitable opportunities arise.
Looking ahead, the upcoming Beijing Olympics will attract a huge number of tourists from all over the world. We will proceed with our rapid business expansion in the PRC under the licensing mode while further accelerating the speed of opening self-operated shops. We will actively formulate timely and effective strategies to strengthen our brand whilst facilitating the Group s 
As our Hong Kong operation remains steady, we believe the PRC operation will become our key growth driver in the future. Riding on our strong brand effect in the PRC, we are confident that our PRC operation will continue to drive solid growth with the Group s endeavor to further widen Luk Fook s network. We will strive to establish our presence to many other PRC and overseas new markets whilst nurturing our brand and other areas for further 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our staff, shareholders and business partners for their relentless efforts and dedications to the Group.
Also, I would like to express my gratitude to our customers for their unswerving support to Luk Fook.
By order of the Board, Wong Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 23rd July 2008 