CHIEF EXECUTIVE S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive I am pleased to present the annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the year ended 31st March 
For the year ended 31st March 2005, turnover was HK$1,961,720,000 representing a 22.8% increase compared with HK$1,598,123,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to about HK$125,988,000 (2004: HK$76,965,000), representing an increase of 63.7%. Earnings per share was HK 26.1 cents (2004: HK 16.1 cents).
Final Dividend and Special Dividend The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK 6 cents per share (2004: HK 5 cents per share) and a special dividend of HK 2 cents per share (2004: Nil) for the year ended 31st March 2005. Together with the interim dividend of HK 4 cents per share already paid, a total of HK 12 cents per share were declared for the year ended 31st March 2005 (2004: HK 7 cents per share).

During the year under review, the Group has relocated its head office to a premier commercial complex at the business center of Kwun Tong, Hong Kong in order to prepare for further expansion.
Moreover, to comply with the Code Provisions of the Code on Corporate Governance Practices (the Code ) newly included in the Rules governing the listing of securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, which requires that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual, Mr. LO Mun Lam, Raymond was appointed as the Chairman of the Board with effect from 12th April 2005, and myself, the former Chairman & Chief Executive, has been re-designated as the Chief Executive.
Gold and Jewellery Operation The Group has aggressively expanded its business worldwide to realize its globalization strategies stipulated in 2003. At present, the Group has 28 retail outlets under the brand name of Luk Fook and 4 outlets under the brand name of Ice g. throughout Hong Kong, Macau, Canada and the PRC. During the year under review, the Group has stepped forward to establish 2 retail outlets in Canada and 2 retail outlets in the PRC under the brand name of Luk Fook, whereas the number of licensee shops of Luk Fook Jewellery brand ( licensee shops ) in the PRC has been rapidly grown to over 145 during the year under review. It reflected that the Group has successfully seized the overseas markets and widely recognized by the overseas clients.
China Gems Laboratory Limited s professional 
Ratio of ideal cut diamond The Group s subsidiary gems laboratory, China Gems Laboratory Limited , has successfully attained the ISO 17025 qualification.
Being the first jeweler in Hong Kong accredited with the honour, it is an acknowledgement of Luk Fook s professional authentication system and techniques. The quality control of the Group and customer assurance has thereby both been enhanced.
Articles of jewellery are becoming more and more fashion oriented.
To further elevate the Group s position in the market, more focus has been made on design techniques, craftsmanship skills and retail outlet locations. For example, the Group has established a foothold in Central, being Hong Kong s busiest commercial, financial and tourism district, and a chosen area for international brand name 
Similar with the past few years, the Group s intricate and beautiful jewellery designs have once again, received accolades and awards in various jewellery design competitions for the year under review.
Brand management is the Group s key in its globalization strategy.
The Group insists on providing high quality services and innovative products, and actively promotes its brand name to establish Luk Fook Jewellery as the jeweler brand name for domestic and overseas consumers. In January 2005, the Chinese Manufacturers Association of Hong Kong awarded the Group with the Hong Kong Top Brand Awards 2004 . Only a total of 10 brand names were recognized with the honor, and Luk Fook was the only accredited jeweler in 2004.

The continuous growth of the PRC economy boosted the demand for luxury products. It is expected to create enormous business opportunity for the jewellery industry. In anticipation of this trend, the Group has been actively developing the PRC market. To balance cost effectiveness and production efficiency, the Group has achieved a certain degree of vertical integration by producing a portion of its gold ornaments and gem-set jewellery in its production facilities in Hong Kong, and the PRC. The production capacity is further expanded with a newly built manufacturing plant situated on a site area of about 350,000 sq. ft. in Panyu, Guangdong, and with a total investment of approximately HK$75,000,000. The new plant has commenced operation in the fourth quarter of 2004, and is targeted to triple the previous production capacity.
New office building in Panyu, PRC Staff s dormitories in Panyu, PRC Award presentation of Hong Kong Top Brand 
Award presentation of Sincere Trademark of Hong Kong and My Most Favorite Top 10 Brands of 
In September 2004, the Group opened its retail outlet at Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport, and in January 2005, the Group opened its second outlet in Beijing. The Group adopted the strategy of providing technical support and consultancy services to jewellery retailers in the PRC which operates under the trade name of Luk Fook Jewellery , and in return these licensee shops commit to an advertising budget to promote the brand name of Luk Fook Jewellery . During the period under review, the Group provided technical support, product design, and staff training service to over 145 licensee shops in 70 cities in the PRC.
As further demonstration of the Group s market position in the PRC, for the year under review, the Group was awarded with the title of Sincere Trademark of Hong Kong and My Most Favorite Top 10 Brands of Hong Kong in the second annual event held by Guangzhou Daily in the PRC.
Website of Jewellworld.com Website of Jewellworld.com 
The Group s jewellery portal was developed to provide an electronic gateway for the global jewellery industry. It not only serves as a business-to-business trading platform among jewellery manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers around the world for streamlining their operation procedures, it also offers an easy and convenient way for consumers to purchase jewellery online. The Group believes that viewing samples and purchasing jewellery through the Internet would become a trend and has huge business 
The Group will continue its globalization strategy by upgrading Luk Fook s international brand name and identifying more potential retail outlets of overseas market, to further enhance the Group s exposure and broaden its client base.
Hong Kong Market Looking forward, the Group is optimistic of the Hong Kong economy. From a macro perspective, the Hong Kong economy will be undergoing a strong upturn and the GDP growth has reached 6% in the first quarter of 2005, which provides a favourable environment for the growth of the Hong Kong retail market.
With the implementation of Individual Visit Scheme and other favourable traveling policies issued by the Chinese Government, the consumption spending of the PRC visitors will further stimulate the Hong Kong economy.
Moreover, the opening of Hong Kong Disneyland in September 2005 is a most anticipated event in Hong Kong. It will undoubtedly attract a surge of tourists from the PRC and Southeast Asia, which will contribute to many business opportunities to the Group. In order to meet such market needs, the Group will continue to expand its business by seeking more prime locations to open new retail outlets, and to hire more trained and experienced staff.
The Group will continue to strengthen its brand and corporate image.
In June 2005, the Group joined the elite membership of Superbrands , further promoting the Group s brand and exposure through the international series publication of Superbrands books.
Together with the above-mentioned factors, and with the escalating reputation of the Luk Fook brand in Hong Kong, it will pave the way for an exciting development for the Group in the long run. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to participate in international competitions, industry fairs, as well as exhibitions to excel in all 
Meanwhile, the Group will further promote the Ice g. collection and endeavor to build a brand recognizable by young consumers, through a strategy of offering affordable but chic, stylish accessories and 
According to the Hong Kong Trade Development Council ( HKTDC ), the sales of jewellery recorded an annual growth rate of 15.7% in the PRC market. The jewellery market is expected to reach RMB150 billion in the year 2010. The Hong Kong Tourism Board estimated that jewellery represented 18% of tourist expenditure in 2003. Just considering the spending of mainland tourists, the proportion was 24%. A recent survey conducted by the HKTDC shows that Hong Kong brands are indeed the most favourite jewellery brands among urban shoppers in the PRC, when compared with local and foreign brands. With competitive advantages over foreign jewelers in terms of reputation, services, and product quality, the Group believes that its business will expand rapidly in the PRC.
The Group continues to provide technical support and consultancy services to licensee shops in the PRC, with an aim to continue its penetration into the PRC market. Presently, the number of the Group s licensee shops in the PRC is already over 145.
Also, by leveraging on its strong production support in Panyu and the PRC, the Group plans to explore wholesale business opportunities in the foreseeable future.

With simplified traveling procedures, the opening up of the gambling industry, as well as several development projects in progress, Macau has established itself as a tourist hot spot for mainland visitors.
Leveraging on Macau s boom and the outstanding performance of its first retail outlet there, the Group will open its second retail outlet in Macau in August 2005, thereby establishing itself for further development in the Macau market.

The Group has successfully penetrated into the overseas market.
Following its achievements in the Canadian market, the Group plans to open retail outlets in New York, Las Vegas, and Southeast Asia in the future, thereby attracting more overseas clients and to upgrade Luk Fook as a global brand.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my appreciation to all staff for their dedication and contribution during the year. I would also like to offer my sincerest gratitude to all our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support and advice. With your continuous cooperation and support, the Group will make every endeavor to strive for the best in the 
By Order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, July 22, 2005 