WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited ( Lukfook or the Group ), I am pleased to present you the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st March 2011.
Year 2010 was another flourishing year for the Group. Our strong performance has demonstrated our ability to deliver substantial and sustained value to our shareholders.
Over recent years, the Group continued to benefit from growing tourism.
PRC tourists travelled to Hong Kong under the Individual Visit Scheme accounted for more than half of our customers. The robust economic growth in the PRC during 2010 and the strengthening of RMB against Hong Kong dollar stimulated the spending of PRC customers. During the year under review, the Group s retail sales recorded a strong growth. With the expanded scope of Individual Visit Scheme for non-Guangdong residents in Shenzhen that was implemented in December 2010, the Group believes that the support from PRC tourists will continue to be the strong growth momentum for the Group s retail sales.
During the year, attributed by the weakening of US dollar, elevated oil prices and concerns over inflation issues, the price of gold was on an upward trend and hits record high for several times. Despite the surging gold price, gold products remained a popular choice among our customers. As our gold and diamond inventory was treated on a first-in-first-out basis, continuous increase in the price of gold and diamond broadened our gross profit during 
Meanwhile, the Group continued to accelerate our network expansion with an emphasis on the PRC market. Currently, the Group has a total of over 700 retail outlets spreading across the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, the United States and Canada. During the year under review, 143 new shops were opened in different markets, of which 135 were in the PRC. Two new self-operated shops were also established in the United States and Singapore 
Besides, the construction of our jewellery processing plant phase II which is situated on a site area of approximately 100,000 square feet in Panyu, Guangzhou, the PRC, has commenced in 2011 and the plant is expected to start operation in October 2012. Upon its full operation, the total production capacity of the Group s plants (including phase I and phase II) will be doubled. Having our own jewellery processing plant not only ensures a stable goods supply, but also allows more effective quality control.
The expansion will also further enhance overall cost effectiveness and production efficiency. Additionally, the expanded production scale provides extra capacity to deal with our enlarging retail network.
To cope with our business expansion and cost containment for the fast growing office rent, the Group s head office was relocated to Luk Fook Jewellery Centre in Jordan, Kowloon, Hong Kong on 9th March 2011. The 18-storey Luk Fook Jewellery Centre was acquired by the Group in June 2009 with a consideration of HK$254,350,000.

Looking ahead, the Group shall continue to focus on developing the vast PRC market, the world s second largest consumer market for luxury goods with the fastest growth rate in luxury consumption in 2010, according to the World Luxury Association. To strive for stronger presence in the PRC, we shall continue to foster market penetration by actively establishing both licensee shops and self-operated shops in this growing market. The Group holds an optimistic view towards the jewellery market in the PRC given the vibrant PRC economy and the huge purchasing power of its citizens.
In view of the increasing number of the PRC tourists visiting Hong Kong and Macau, we are confident of driving further solid growth in the Hong Kong and Macau operations and determined to enhance our presence in more tourist hot spots. Moreover, we will seize network expansion opportunities to reach out more overseas market as well. As for brand management, we will reinforce brand building efforts by sponsoring a wide range of marketing and promotion activities and endeavor to provide high quality jewellery to enhance Lukfook s brand recognition.
Last but not least, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of our staff members for their diligence, dedication and contribution. The hard work of our valuable staff is the major driving force behind our continued success. In the years to come, we will continue to strive for further business growth with exceptional energy and grasp every opportunity to achieve even 
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 28th June 2011 