Chairman s Statement WONG Wai Sheung, the Chairman CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the year ended 31st March 
For the year ended 31st March 2002, turnover was HK$1,478,806,000, representing a 8% decrease compared with HK$1,605,764,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to about HK$64,225,000 (2001: HK$71,305,000), representing a decrease of 10%. Earnings per share was HK13.8 cents (2001: HK15.5 cents). As at 31st March 2002, cash on hand reached HK$135,000,000 and liabilities to equity ratio was maintained at 18%.

The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK5 cents per share (2001: HK5 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2002.
Together with the interim dividend of HK2.5 cents per share already The 30th Miss Hong Kong Pageant Gold Diamond Crown paid, a total of HK7.5 cents per share were declared for the year ended 31st March 2002 (2001: HK7.5 cents per share).

The deteriorating economic conditions of Hong Kong and the fluctuating gold price after the September 11th terrorist attack in the United States had affected the sales performance of the Group.
Nonetheless, since the visa system that restricts the daily number of visitors from the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) was relaxed in January 2002, the number of visitors increased substantially and had brought about positive impacts to the Group s business.
Gold and Jewellery Operation Ice g. Collection To cater for the growing younger generation market, the Group has launched a new Ice g. Collection during the year. New retail shops for Ice g. Collection were opened in the main shopping areas in Hong Kong, the largest one was opened at the Olympian City of West Kowloon with an area of about 690 sq. feet.
Ice g. retail shops 
New Product Design During the year, Luk Fook was awarded 11 prizes including: " the Best Creative Award, the Best Craftsmanship Award, the Fine Design Award and the Finalist Award in The 3rd Grand Competition of Taiwan & Hong Kong Jadeite Jewellery Design ; " 2 Gold Awards, 2 Silver Awards and 1 Bronze Award in The 2nd Tahitian Pearl Trophy Design Competition ; " 1 Silver Award and 1 Award of Merit at the reputable design competition The 4th Buyers' Favourite Jewellery Design 
Details are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section.
Ice g. Collection Ice g. |R Luk Fook Jewellery Shop in The Peak Galleria In response to the needs of different market segment, the Group has introduced new product lines during the year to stimulate sales, 
" Spring and Summer series of Ice g.: South Sea Pearl Diamond pendant, Y-styled ring and pendant that are exclusively designed by Ice g., etc.
" Golden ornament of attractive horse figures for Chinese New 
" Love on Fire Collection: this is an innovative design of the Group as the diamond mounting could be rotated 360 degrees.
Moreover, the application of Super Ideal Cut technique that shows a pattern comprising eight arrows and eight hearts on the table and pavilion of the diamond respectively.
" HIRU Padparadscha collection: HIRU , which means the sun in Sri Lanka, is the latest collection of the Group that is made of the most precious stone Padparadscha .
Padparadscha is a Sri Lankan stone of orange red, which resembles the brilliant sun, and projects an attractive brightness.
To complement the 30th of the Miss Hong Kong Pageant, the Group has specially designed several attractive styles of HIRU jewellery for the 1st and 2nd runners-up of the Miss Hong Kong Pageant in celebration of its anniversary.

During the year, the Group " Sponsored local and international beauty contests. The Group has been the major sponsor of the Miss Hong Kong Pageant for 5 consecutive years and Miss Chinese Pageant of overseas 
" Sponsored a charity auction that was organised by the TVB Pearl channel Be My Valentine programme to contribute the donation to The Hong Kong Cancer Fund for Children.
" Organised a promotional activity 0mQy101tdQaS}eJ 
NNs 0 in September 2001 to reward the support of customers.
" Organised large-scale road shows to extend the coverage of 
" Participated in a joint promotion campaign named 0mQys[ akpI*Q 0with Sing Pao Newspaper Company Limited to offer readers discount on the Love on Fire Collection and on the craftsmanship fee.
Development in the PRC To capture the vast market potential following the PRC s accession to the World Trade Organisation, the Group: " Provides technical support and consultancy services The Group is currently providing technical support, consultancy and quality control services to over 70 PRC jewellery retailers operated under the trade name of Luk Fook Jewellery .
" Enhances the corporate profile and awareness The Group has launched a television commercial on various television channels in the PRC.
The Group set up an eye-catching neon-light billboard (45m x 9m) on the outer wall of WFU'Yqg in Shenzhen.

Currently, Luk Fook Securities has established 2 outlets. In the year under review, the Group has been working closely with OSK Asia Securities Limited. Periodical seminars and reports are distributed 
Portal Operation (www.jewellworld.com) The Group has established and registered a professional jewellery portal called www.jewellworld.com (or www.jw28.com) which is committed to provide a gateway for the global jewellery industry.
The portal serves the purpose of provide a business-to-business trading platform among jewellery manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers around the world, as well as an additional promotion channel for the Group.

Capturing of the boosting local tourism market The Group foresees that the Hong Kong SAR Government would implement measures to boost the tourism industry, especially to attract more mainland tourists to Hong Kong. The Group believes that the influx of mainland tourists and the continued opening of the PRC will have a positive impacts to the Group's business.
According to the Government statistics, mainland tourists spent almost 50% of their travel expenses in shopping, and most often on purchasing gold and jewellery products. Meanwhile, the Group is participating in the Mega Hong Kong Sale activity from mid- June to August 2002 organised by the Hong Kong Tourism Board to attract tourists and spending.
Further Development of the PRC Market Immediately following the open up of the jewellery market in the PRC, Luk Fook will open outlets at the major cities of the PRC and will establish licensee shops in the more distant cities. The Group believes that the Hong Kong jewelers have competitive advantages over other foreign jewelers who would also like to enter the PRC market, in terms of reputation, services and product quality, etc.
Expansion of Ice g. Outlets To further strengthen the new Ice g. brand, the Group will open around 5 more retail outlets by the end of 2002, making a total investment of approximately HK$15 million.
Explore into the Overseas Market Amid the global economic downturn, the Group has postponed its plan to explore into the overseas market.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my appreciation to all the staff for their dedication and contribution during the year. I would also like to offer my sincerest gratitude to all our customers, business associates and shareholders for their support and advice. With your continuous cooperation and support, the Group will make every endeavor to strive for the best in the coming 
By Order of the Board Wong Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 23rd July 2002 