I am pleased to present the annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the year ended 31st March 
For the year ended 31st March 2003, turnover was HK$1,461,763,000 representing a 1.2% decrease compared with HK$1,478,806,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to about HK$45,783,000 (2002: HK$64,225,000), representing a decrease of 28.7%. Earnings per share was HK9.7 cents (2002: HK13.8 cents).

The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK4 cents per share (2002: HK5 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2003. Together with the interim dividend of HK2 cents per share already paid, a total of HK6 cents per share were declared for the year ended 31st March 2003 (2002: HK7.5 cents per share).

Gold and Jewellery Operation 
At present, the Group has 22 retail outlets under the brand name of Luk Fook and 7 under the brand name of Ice g. in Hong Kong, Macau and Canada. During the year, the Group opened several outlets in Causeway Bay, the Peak Galleria, Diamond Hill and Sheung Shui. The Group has been actively expanding its overseas market and 3 outlets have been established in Macau and Toronto in the year under review.

During the year, the Group s designs gained applauses in various jewellery design competitions. Details are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section.
The 5th Buyers Favorite Jewelry Design Competition Creative Section: Bronze Award Matching 4th Hong Kong Jewellery Design Competition Best of Show Award Halo To suit the needs of different customers, the Group has launched various new products into the market during the year under review, including: " Gold ornaments with Year of the Ram as the theme. Traditional figures like N_Ul , b2[ and cute figures like {s 
" Gold jewellery encrusted with pearl and jade especially designed for Mother s Day; " Love on Fire collection with the innovative design of 8 Hearts & 8 Arrows , including the Heart of Freedom pendant for Christmas and 3 ring designs and 2 earrings designs for Valentine s Day. Each 8 Hearts & 8 Arrows diamond is produced using the Super Ideal Cut technique, enabling a pattern comprising 8 arrows and 8 hearts to be shown on the surface and the bottom part of the diamond.
The 5th Buyers' Favorite Jewelry Design Competition Earrings Category: Gold Prize - Defoliation " The exclusive HIRU collection, meaning the Sun in Sinhala.
Padparadscha , gemstones in pinkish orange color from the mines of Sri Lanka are used for the entire collection.
Padparadscha gives a sparkling blaze like the Sun, and was thus given the name, HIRU. This new product was also given out as one of the first and second runners-up prizes in the Miss Hong Kong Pageant 2002.

" To enhance the corporate profile, the Group has participated in numerous promotional activities during the year. Details are set out in the Management Discussion and Analysis section.

The Group provides technical support, product design and staff training services to over 80 jewellery retailers in the PRC and authorizes them to use its brand name, with an aim to raise the Group s profile in the PRC and better prepare for the opening of the PRC jewellery market.
In August 2002, the Group participated in the 1st Guangzhou (Panyu) International Jewellery Fair and was overwhelmingly received, underlining the huge potential of the PRC s jewellery market.
With reference to the research report issued by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council in November, jewellery brands in Hong Kong are better recognized than Mainland and international brands in the PRC. The Group also ranked among the first four Hong Kong jewellery brands in the major cities of the PRC.
To further expand the production scale, the Group acquired a piece of land with an area of 350,000 square feet in Panyu for the construction of a large-scale jewellery-refining factory. The construction of the new factory is expected to complete by next year, with a production capacity that are 3 times of the existing one.

Luk Fook Securities Limited ceased its cooperation with REXCAPITAL Securities Limited (formerly OSK Asia Securities Limited) on 28th February 2003 and has entered into a strategic alliance with UOB Kay Hian (Hong Kong) Limited on 1st March 2003, a renowned finance group in Hong Kong. The new alliance is dedicated to provide customers with securities brokerage services that are more stable, quality-assured 
UOB Kay Hian (Hong Kong) Limited is an exchange participant of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ).
Major services provided by the Company include institutional customer services, personal customer services, corporate customer services and information research services.

The Group s registered jewellery portal www.jewellworld.com or www.jw28.com was established to provide an electronic gateway for the global jewellery industry. It serves as a business-to-business trading platform among jewellery manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers around the world, as well as an additional promotion channel for the Group. The Group believes that viewing samples and purchasing jewellery through the Internet would become a trend and thus generate huge business potential.

Hong Kong Market The Hong Kong SAR Government recently implemented a number of measures to boost the tourism industry, with a special focus to attract Mainland visitors to Hong Kong. The Group intends to grasp the invaluable opportunity to enthusiastically develop its retail business.
In addition, an increasing number of Mainland visitors came to shop in Hong Kong as a result of the gradual opening of the PRC market and the simplified procedures for applying to visit Hong Kong. All of the aforementioned factors, without mentioning the escalating reputation of the Luk Fook brand in the PRC, contribute to the development of the Group in the long run.
The Group will further promote the Ice g. collection and endeavor to build a brand recognizable to young consumers by offering inexpensive yet high quality jewellery products.
The Group made an announcement on 20th May 2003 regarding the adverse impact of the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) since March 2003 on the Group s operation, as well as on the results of the financial year ending 31st March 2004. In order to minimize the impact, the Group exercised prudent management policy, aggressive operation strategy, and effective cost control measures, and expected that the decrease in turnover will narrow down due to the increase in tourists travelling to Hong Kong.

Signified by the abolishment of import tariffs on diamonds and the commencement of operation of the Shanghai Gold Exchange, the PRC jewellery market is readily opened after PRC s accession to the World Trade Organization. This has brought forth greater investment and development opportunities for jewellers in Hong Kong. As stated in the research report by the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, jewellery products possess enormous potential in the PRC retail market.
With competitive advantages over foreign jewellers in terms of reputation, services and product quality, the Group believes that its business will expand rapidly in the PRC.
The Group is currently providing technical support and consultancy services to licensed jewellers in the PRC, with an aim to penetrate into the PRC market, thus paving way for future business development.

With the simplified traveling procedures, Macau has become another famous tourist spot for Mainland visitors. In view of this, the Group will actively promote its business in Macau with its two retail outlets 
The Group opened its first overseas retail outlet in Toronto, successfully moving a step forward into the overseas market. In the future, the Group plans to open more retail outlets in Vancouver, New York, Las Vegas and the Southeast Asia, aiming to upgrade the Group to become an 
On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my appreciation to all the staff for their dedication and contribution during the year. I would also like to offer my sincerest gratitude to all our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support and advice. With their continuous cooperation and support, the Group will make every endeavor to strive for the best in the coming 
By Order of the Board Wong Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 23rd July 2003 