CHIEF EXECUTIVE S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive Wide recognition and customer support has made Luk Fook a leading jewellery retailer in Hong Kong and the PRC. Riding on the solid foundation we built, the Group will further expand our international foothold to become a renowned jewellery retailer worldwide.
I am pleased to present you the results for the year ended 31st March 2006. During the year, the Group has accomplished the business objectives of strengthening the brand, enhancing corporate governance and improving internal control.

Profit for the year For the year ended 31st March 2006, turnover was HK$2,126,297,000, representing an 8.4% increase compared with HK$1,961,720,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders decreased 23.9% to approximately HK$95,695,000 (2005 (restated): HK$125,795,000).
Earnings per share was HK19.7 cents (2005 (restated): HK26.1 cents).

The Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK7 cents per share (2005: HK6 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2006. This, together with the interim dividend of HK3 cents per share already paid, gives a total of HK10 cents per share for the year ended 31st March 2006 (2005: HK12 cents including HK2 cents of special dividend per share). The proposed dividend will be paid on 15th September 2006 following the shareholders approval at the Annual 
Magnificent and luxurious design of the new image shop Analysis on the turnover and profit Total turnover increased approximately 8.4% as compared with that of the previous year. In particular, turnover in the retail sector decreased approximately 1.5% mainly because of severe weather conditions that adversely affected the traffic of PRC tourists and the shopping appetite of consumers in the first half of the financial year ended 31st March 2006. During the second half of the year, retail sales improved owing to the increase in demand for jewellery products stimulated by the favorable marriage year. Besides, turnover in the wholesale sector increased approximately 36.5% owing to substantial increase in the quantity of gold jewellery items purchased by the Group from retail customers and then resold to gold merchants in bulk quantities, as a result of drastic surges in gold prices during the second half of the 
The profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31st March 2006 in respect of normal operations decreased approximately 4.6%, as compared with the profit for the previous year excluding the non-recurring gain on disposal of properties amounted to approximately HK$25 million for that year. Overall, the year ended 31st March 2006 proved to be a challenging year to the Group, with the rental levels of the Hong Kong shops reached its record high. During the year under review, the monthly shop rentals of several tenancy agreements renewed by the Group were greatly raised attributable to the Disney effect .
Hence, total rental expenses for the year increased approximately 35.8% and accounted for approximately 4.3% of total turnover. However, equipped with long-established relationships with the landlords and proven track records, the Group still managed to minimize the impact through successful negotiation for more favourable shop rental.
The new decoration in the Mong Kok Branch 
During the year under review, Hong Kong enjoyed a continuous upturn in its economy. The decline in unemployment rate and the rise in salary and bonus of the working class during the year not only indicated the continued improvement on consumer s purchasing power, but also led to a strong domestic demand.
Though the opening of Disney did not make significant impact, the Individual Visit Scheme , with more mainland cities opened up to allow more PRC tourists to travel to Hong Kong, continued to be the key driver of the growth in domestic retail sales. Among mainland tourists, many of them are especially fond of jewellery. Their visits to Hong Kong had made significant contributions to the turnover of the jewellery industry in Hong Kong.
Moreover, in line with the robust economic growth in the PRC, demand for luxury products such as gold and diamond jewellery continued to grow. The closer economic cooperation between Hong Kong and the PRC facilitated by Closer Economic Partnership Agreement (CEPA) brought benefits to the retailers. The Group believes that with its advanced technology, high-quality products and talented staff, the Group is confident of expanding its business more widely in the PRC 
Office Building and production plant in Panyu, PRC 
Hong Kong Market During the year under review, Hong Kong recorded a steady economic growth. According to the figures of Hong Kong Trade Development Council (HKTDC), the real GDP increased above expectation in the past two years. The real GDP rose by 8.6% in 2004, 7.3% in 2005 and 8.2% in the first quarter of 2006. This continuous rise in the real GDP has favoured the retail market in Hong Kong and consumer spending has 
Benefiting from the prosperous growth in Hong Kong s economy during the 200506 financial year, turnover of the Group s business in Hong Kong rose in the second half year.
As at 30th June 2006, the Group has 31 retail outlets under the name of Luk Fook in Hong Kong, Macau, PRC and Canada. There are 2 under the name of Ice g. located in Hong Kong. During the year under review, Luk Fook has won a number of awards with regards to the company as a whole, as well as design, product quality and customer services. In June 2006, Luk Fook stood out from 100 enterprises and attained The Best Brand Enterprise Award 2005-2006 . In November 2005, Luk Fook was also selected as Asia and the Pacific s Best Under A Billion by Forbes Magazine. We are proud to be the only jewellery company on the winner s list. As a reputable jewellery brand in Hong Kong, the recognitions and awards obtained by Luk Fook have helped to sustain the Group s further development and strengthened its competitiveness.
China Gems Laboratory Limited s professional 
The production line in the Panyu plant 
The Group has successfully expanded the PRC market through providing brand-licensing services. During the year under review, the number of the Group s licensee shops in the PRC has increased to over 180. The Group continues to provide technical support and consultancy services to licensed jewelers in the PRC, with an aim to further penetrate into the PRC market. In May 2006, the Group opened its retail outlet in Beijing, the capital city of the PRC, to further raise its awareness and interest among mainland Chinese and to grasp the enormous business opportunities brought by the Olympic Games in 2008.
According to a survey conducted by HKTDC, the sales of jewellery recorded an annual growth rate of 15.7% in the PRC market. The jewellery market is expected to reach RMB 150 billion in 2006. With the higher level of living standard in some cities of the PRC, the PRC consumers are more willing to spend money on luxuries such as jewellery. In addition, the steady rise in GDP in the PRC over the past years also favoured the retail industry. Thus, with the favourable factors, together with our fame, services and product quality, the Group believes that its business in the PRC will grow further.
Award presentation of Asia and the Pacific s Best Under a Billion by Forbes Magazine Award presentation of The Best Brand 
Since the opening of gaming industry in Macau, Macau has become a popular hot spot for tourists. Mainland visitors are no exception.
According to the Standard and Poor s Research, Macau may overtake Las Vegas s gaming market in a few years time. As the gaming business in Macau flourishes, the Group believes that tourists traveling to Macau will also increase. Together with the satisfactory performance of the first retail outlet in the past, the Group has set up another new shop on the main street of Macau in August 2005. The Group is confident of the business in Macau and will continue to facilitate and promote its 
Luk Fook never stops identifying any new growth driver. The next move for the Group will be exploring the global market. To realize the vision, subsequent to the penetration into the Canada market, Luk Fook will be setting up a retail outlet in San Jose of the United States in the later half of 2006 under the new brand name Luvina Jewelers . The new shop will become the Group s first step to seize the jewellery market share in the United States and the new brand will signify the Group s objective of expanding brands under its umbrella branding strategies. Going forward, the Group also plans to open retail outlets in New York, Las Vegas and Southeast Asia in the future, aiming to attract more customers from overseas and promote Luk Fook Jewellery brands to other parts of the world.

As there are more sight-seeing spots in Hong Kong such as the new attractions in Ocean Park, Ngong Ping 360 and the Hong Kong Wetland Park, they helped boost up domestic consumption as well the number of visitors. The Disneyland newly opened in September 2005 has also attracted tourists coming to Hong Kong from the PRC and Southeast Asia. Thus, more business opportunities are expected to bring to the retail industry and favour the demand for jewellery.
Meanwhile, from May 2006 onwards, the Individual Visit Scheme will be further applied to more parts of China such as those in Hunan, Hainan and Yunnan, etc. More PRC tourists will be able to visit Hong Kong.
Thus, the spending from the PRC visitors is believed to bring Hong Kong s economy to another high.
Following the new shop that will soon be established in the United States, it means our market segment has been newly lengthened to the United States which will be a prominent milestone for Luk Fook s expansion into the United States market.
With wide support and recognition from the industry as well as customers, the group will continue to strengthen its brand and corporate image so as to build up customers confidence towards the Group. In the coming years, the Group will participate in more international competitions, industry fairs, and exhibitions to increase the Group s 
Meanwhile, the Group will proceed to promote the Ice g. brand and launch a set of products targeting younger consumers and endeavor to make the brand into a popular brand by offering delicate jewellery products at reasonable prices and of high qualities.
Looking ahead, Hong Kong will continue to enjoy favourable business conditions brought by the PRC. The progressive implementation of World Trade Organization (WTO) rules in China and the smooth execution of CEPA have brought to Hong kong numerous business opportunities. As China gradually opens up its vast market to allow more individual travelers coming to Hong Kong, coupled with the rising income of its people as well as the demand for luxury, despite a moderate improvement of turnover in the past fiscal year, the Group holds an optimistic attitude towards our retail business in the coming year. Meanwhile, Luk Fook will remain committed to expanding its business and continue to grasp every chance to generate returns for our 
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express our gratitude and appreciation to all of my staff and business partners for their hard work and dedication. I also wish to thank our customers and shareholders for their continuous support all these years. The Group will endeavor to strive for the best in the future to develop Luk Fook into an international brand.
By Order of the Board, WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 24th July 2006 