WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited ( Lukfook or the Group ), I am pleased to present you the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st March 2012.
Year 2011 was proven to be a remarkable year for Lukfook. Despite the global economic uncertainty, the Group had adopted prudent operational strategies. Not only encouraging results had been achieved, lucrative returns were also generated to our shareholders.
The Group continued to capture the tremendous business opportunities contributed by Mainland visitors during the year. According to the figures released by Hong Kong Tourism Board, Mainland arrivals reached 28.1 million in 2011, representing an annual increase of 23.9%. The growth momentum continued in the first quarter of 2012, where Mainland arrivals rose by 21.1%, compared to the same period last year. With the robust growth of Chinese economy, the Group believes that its retail business will be substantially benefited by the steady growth of Mainland visitors.
Although the international gold price fluctuated during the year, demand of gold products remained eager with its role as an inflation hedge, particularly in China, which is continued to be afflicted with high inflation. According to the latest report published by World Gold Council, gold demand in China reached a record high in the first quarter of 2012, making it the world s largest consumer market for two consecutive quarters. China also dominated the jewellery market in the first quarter, placing it the world s largest jewellery market for three consecutive quarters. In conjunction with the appreciation of Renminbi, substantial increase in purchasing power and the increasing appetite for luxury products of Mainland visitors due to substantial growth in disposable income, all these aforementioned factors have attributed to the strong growth of the Group s business. The Group s revenue from the ordinary gold and platinum business (excluding sales of scrap gold, platinum and gold bullion) recorded a 63% year-on-year growth.
On the other hand, the challenge of inflation and rising rents in Hong Kong and Macau continued to affect the overall business environment during the year. However, the Group was still able to control rental expenditure at a reasonable level and extend its massive retail network in these regions. In December 2011, a new retail outlet located at Lee Garden Road, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong was opened. In May 2011, the Group also opened its sixth retail outlet at Galaxy Macau Resort, the latest hot tourist attraction with integrated gaming and entertainment facilities in 
As at the date of this statement, the Group has a total of 906 retail outlets spreading across the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore, the United States and Canada. During the year under review, a net number of 162 retail outlets were opened. Benefited from the booming economy in China, the Group will continue to focus its resources and accelerate the expanding pace of its retail network in the PRC so as to enhance its 
The Group s Luk Fook Jewellery Garden , which consists of a Jewellery Processing Plant in Panyu, Guangzhou, the PRC, has commenced its Phase II construction. It is expected to be completed and go into operation in the first quarter of 2013. The total plant production capacity will be double upon full operation.
The Group is always well-prepared for any potential market opportunity.
In January 2012, the Group entered into the agreement of Shares Placing and Subscription. The proceeds of approximately HK$1,340,000,000 has been used to upgrade and diversify our product portfolio, expand our retail network and further our dedication to deliver sustainable returns to our 
We hold a cautiously optimistic view towards the jewellery market in the coming year. Although the global economic environment will remain challenging in 2012, the Group still has strong confidence in the PRC market, one of the most promising markets in the globe with its stable and healthy economic growth. The World Gold Council also estimates that the PRC will emerge as the world s largest gold consumer market in 2012.
Coupled with the effects of Year of Dragon which is a good year for marriages and giving birth, negative real interest rates and high inflation, all these factors will provide a continued pillar of support to gold demand in the PRC.
Besides, the Group believes that Hong Kong and Macau will continue to be the most popular shopping destinations for Mainland visitors due to their competitive prices on offer, broader range of product selection and absence of product sales tax and value-added tax (VAT), which will substantially support retail sales of the Group. Although high rental will undoubtedly put pressure on our operation, we believe that the impact can be well-managed by the continuing sales growth trend. The Group will also take stringent cost control measures to improve cost efficiency.
The Group would continue to expand its retail network with a cautious but aggressive approach. We will closely monitor market conditions and respond promptly to capture the market share. The Group targets at increasing its total number of self-operated and licensed shops up to 1,000 by the end of the fiscal year of 2013, and is ready for any mergers and acquisitions that may emerge with its prudent balance sheet and strong 
Besides, the Group will further enhance its brand image via implementing a variety of effective marketing strategies including sponsorship, joint promotions and exhibitions on target markets. We will also continue to put efforts in maintaining the highest quality of the products, with stringent quality assurance procedures. In order to repay our current customers and attract new customers, we will engage them with our commitment to excellent services and acknowledge their loyalty to the 
Last but not least, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all of our staff members for their diligence, dedication and contribution. Also my thankfulness to customers, business partners and shareholders for supporting the Group as well as its vision and strategies for future development, and driving the Group to obtain fruitful results again. In the years ahead, the Group will continue to uplift its competitive edge and market-leading position and perform with great agility so as to bring sustainable returns to our shareholders.
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 27th June 2012 