WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited ( Luk Fook or the Group ), I am pleased to present to you the Group s annual results for the year ended 31st March 2009.
Year 2008 was an exciting and challenging year. The Beijing Olympics offered opportunities for the expansion of our retail business in the PRC.
However, in the fourth quarter, the world was hit and shocked by a financial crisis that posed a lot of uncertainties and adversities to the global economic environment. Thanks to our established brand name, our quality service and our exquisite product craftsmanship, we could maintain a satisfactory performance during the year under review. We could say that our business experienced an uninterrupted growth, especially in the PRC market as the PRC economy continued to stay strong amidst the global financial crisis.
Moving on to year 2009 we will continue to dedicate unceasing effort in promoting our business. We know that 2009 will be a challenging year for the retail industry. In such a challenging market environment, we believe that only the strongest brands win, and even gaining more in market share. Our long-term strategy is anchored on maximizing the earnings potential of our brand. Our growth objectives are clear: to develop our brand mainly in the PRC and Hong Kong and extend them into global platform.
Our retail stores are well positioned given the recent economic shifts. Our presence in China became more successful in 2008, and that has motivated us to expand further. With more than 470 stores globally, scattering in the PRC, Hong Kong, Macau, Canada and the United States, we are offering customers the products at exceptional value.
The Group acquired the whole block of commercial building in Jordan district, Hong Kong in June 2009 with consideration of HK$254,350,000. The Group intends to use part of the property as its head office, and it will also use the remaining portion of the property to provide office, show room and other related facilities for business partners. In addition, the Group opened a retail outlet in Nathan Road, Tsim Sha Tsui, Hong Kong in June 2009, bringing the total number of retail outlets in Hong Kong to 31 at present. The Group will also open another retail outlet in Star House, Tsim Sha Tsui, in September 2009, in the hope of expanding its sales network in local tourist district.
I am also glad to announce the Group s wholly owned subsidiary, China Gems Laboratory Limited , is being accredited the ISO17025 accreditation on diamond testing by the Hong Kong Accreditation Services in April 2009.
Laboratories passing assessment procedures can issue reports of diamond authentication bearing the Hong Kong Laboratory Accreditation Scheme (HOKLAS) logo. It is a proof of authority for the authentication reports of diamonds that the laboratory tests, and also strengthens the confidence of consumers, jewellery traders and manufacturers in Hong Kong diamond products. Together with the ISO17025 accreditation on jadeite testing obtained in 2005, the laboratory is the only jewellery authentication laboratory obtaining both accreditations in Hong Kong, signifying authentication professionals, authentication facilities and management systems of China Gems Laboratory reach first class international standards.

Looking ahead, the Group shall concentrate its effort on developing the PRC market. The new policy of one issuance, multiple entries for Shenzhen residents and the promotion of domestic consumption by the PRC government provided favourable factors to the Group s business. In addition, economic growth was sustained in the PRC economy despite the financial crisis. The Group sees great potential in the development of the PRC market and is determined to further increase its market share in the PRC.
With the Group s Hong Kong business becoming mature and remaining steady, we believe that the PRC market shall be the key growth driver in the future. The Group will continue to promote the Luk Fook brand through various promotion opportunities. Not only will the Group accelerate its speed in opening self-operated shops in the PRC, but will also look for suitable expansion opportunities in second and third tier cities in the PRC. The Group will also establish its presence in overseas markets when opportunities arise.
Last but not least, the hard work of our staff cannot go unnoticed. Our success relies on the outstanding efforts of our staff in providing the best service to our valuable customers. Their effort undoubtedly contributed to the great success of our business performance worldwide. In the years to come, we will continue to strive for business growth with exceptional energy and seize opportunities to further expand our sales network on the international platform. We will also engage our customers and repay their loyalty to the Group by designing products with greater creativity and excellence.
By order of the Board Wong Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 22 July 2009 