CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 March 2015.
During the year under review, the high base effect resulting from the gold rushes has been fading in the second half of the year. However, the challenging global economic conditions, coupled with the depreciation of currencies and relaxation of visa requirements in other tourist destinations, dampened the desire of Mainland visitors to shop in Hong Kong and Macau. Nevertheless, thanks to our outstanding sales strategies, the Group successfully increased the sales mix of gem-set jewellery products which have higher gross margin, leading to an improved overall gross margin.
Therefore, the profit of the retail business in the Mainland China market improved. Together with the satisfactory results of the wholesale business, they offset the effect of the declined retail revenue in the Hong Kong and Macau market. Accordingly, the Group recorded good performance for the financial year 201415, which exceeded our expectation. Revenue, profit attributable to equity holders and dividend per share for the year hit their second highest records despite some decreases when comparing to last year, generating attractive returns for our shareholders.
For the year ended 31 March 2015, the Group s total revenue amounted to HK$15,922,708,000 (2014: HK$19,214,930,000), representing a decrease of 17.1% over last year. Profit attributable to equity holders decreased by 13.4% to HK$1,614,805,000 from last year s HK$1,864,928,000, with an earnings per share of HK$2.74 (2014: HK$3.17). The board of directors of the Company proposed a final dividend of HK$0.55 per share (2014: HK$0.638) for the year ended 31 March 2015. In addition to the paid interim dividend of HK$0.55 per share (2014: HK$0.63 per share), dividend for the financial year 201415 amounted to HK$1.10 per share (2014: HK$1.268 per share). The dividend payout ratio is approximately 40.1% on a full year basis (2014: 
Despite the slowdown of the economy, the GDP growth of Mainland China was amongst those at the top of the world.
As a result, the Group still continued to pursue further development in the Mainland China market. During the year under review, the Group had 115 net newly opened shops globally, out of which 111 were in Mainland China. The first newly opened licensed shop in Korea extended the retail network to eight countries and regions worldwide, including Hong Kong, Macau, Mainland China, Singapore, Korea, the United States, Canada and Australia. As at 31 March 2015, the Group had a record high total of 1,383 shops globally (2014: 1,268 shops), of which 1,319 shops (2014: 1,208 shops) were located in Mainland China.
The Group is always dedicated to providing quality jewellery products to customers. During the year under review, China Gems Laboratory Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, achieved ISO 11426 international accreditation on fire assay for gold jewellery by the Hong Kong Accreditation Service (HKAS) and became the only gemmological laboratory in Hong Kong that meets the requirements of three HKAS ISOIEC 17025 testing accreditations. China Gems Laboratory Limited is also the first laboratory in Hong Kong to obtain GBT9288 national accreditation of China in gold testing.
Furthermore, the Group entered into a three-year sightholder rough diamond sales contract with De Beers Group of Companies ( De Beers ), the world s largest diamond producer by value. We become one of the 84 sightholders of De Beers around the globe. It further demonstrates the Group s leading position in the jewellery industry. The Group will be committed to providing diversified quality products to customers for strengthening customers loyalty and emotional attachment to the brand, and enhancing the brand status of Lukfook.

Currently, the global economic situation remains uncertain.
Economic slowdown in Mainland China, the adjustment to the policy of Individual Visit Scheme, and the overseas currency devaluation have caused the Mainland Chinese tourists to switch to neighbouring countries for consumption, which affected the business growth of the Group. Therefore, the Group remains prudent about our business development in short term. In the coming year, the Group will strive to ultilise cross-selling techniques and offer more products series which are diversified and able to satisfy the mass market needs at our shops so as to boost the sales of gem-set jewellery products which bear higher gross margin.
In the long run, as urbanization continues in Mainland China, Mainland China remains to be a market with tremendous growth potential and business opportunities. The Group will continue to seize the market opportunities to increase the number of shops and revenue mix of Mainland China so as to reduce the reliance on the Hong Kong and Macau market.
The Group will also accommodate the national strategy of Internet+ and actively develop the e-commerce business and draw potential customers to our offline physical stores through online e-commerce platforms. It would help to drive product sales and intensify the Group s market penetration.
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all our staff members, shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their strong support and contributions to the Group s success. Going forward, the Group will continue to adopt pragmatic and sound growth measures, strengthen its competitive advantages and further enhance its leading position in the market. We look forward to generating sustainable returns for our shareholders and establishing a new benchmark for corporate excellence.
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive Hong Kong, 25 June 2015 