CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 March 2013.
The Group recorded satisfactory results for the financial year of 201213. Despite the relatively high base effect from the previous financial year in tandem with diminishing consumer confidence in Mainland China, the Group continued to achieve promising results which exceeded our expectation, generating sustainable returns for our 
During the year under review, the Group achieved remarkable feats, including a record-high total revenue, the momentous milestone of establishing over 1,000 shops worldwide and being recognised as a Well-known Trademark in Mainland China.
For the year ended 31 March 2013, the Group recorded yet another record-high in total revenue amounting HK$13,411,691,000 (2012: HK$11,907,440,000), which represents a growth of 12.6% over last year. Profit attributable to equity holders decreased slightly by 5.1% to approximately HK$1,265,797,000 from last year s HK$1,333,941,000, with an earnings per share of HK$2.15 (2012: HK$2.43). Operating profit margin decreased from 13.4% to 11.4% during the financial year. The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK$0.48 per share (2012: HK$0.43) for the year ended 31 March 2013. In addition to the paid interim dividend of HK$0.38 per share (2012: HK$0.53 per share), dividend for the financial year 201213 amounted to HK$0.86 per share (2012: HK$0.96 per share). The dividend payout ratio is approximately 40.0% on a full year basis (2012: 39.5%).
Continuous development in the Mainland China market had been the target of the Group s business development during the year. During the year under review, the Group underwent rapid business expansion with over 210 newly opened shops globally, out of which 203 were mainly licensed shops located in Mainland China. As at 31 March 2013, the Group had a total of 1,072 shops globally. In celebration of this noteworthy achievement, the Group also launched a global large- scale marketing campaign called Thousand Fold Love , which proved to be a great success and further enhanced Lukfook s brand image in its major markets. Furthermore, the Well-known Trademark title granted by the State administrative authorities in Mainland China was another key milestone for the Group one that reaffirmed Lukfook s rising recognition and brand awareness in Mainland China. The title also carries significant value for the Group as a retailer, as it certifies that the Group has met the stringent standards and criteria set forth by the trademark law in Mainland China. Such recognition hails an exciting new chapter for the Group s long-term expansion in this promising market.

We hold a cautious view towards our business growth in the coming year. Signs of recovery have emerged in the United States, but at a very slow pace. On the other hand, though Mainland China has been focusing on economic reform, there have been traces of a slowdown in economic growth. Such factors will pose certain threats to the 
Nevertheless, in the long run, Mainland China remains an attractive market with its increasing disposable income and government policies which stimulate domestic consumption. As a result, we must seize this market opportunity by performing rapid and strategic expansion of our distribution network and brand enhancement in order to strengthen our presence in Mainland China. The Group aims to open approximately 200 new shops in Mainland China in the coming year, most of which will be operated under our licensing business model, in order to expand our network while simultaneously mitigating risk. The model provides us with the opportunity to access the as-yet untapped markets of the third- and lower-tier cities, specifically targeting the influential and provincial hub cities nearby. This approach will ensure effective use of our resources in times of uncertainty and enhance our competitiveness as a major player in Mainland China. The Group also plans to open more flagship stores in prominent regions, and two flagship stores were opened in Wuhan and Macau in May and June 2013, respectively. We are confident that these flagship stores will help to enhance the Lukfook brand and radiate the brand into untapped 
The Group plans to unveil a new TV commercial in the coming season along with innovative marketing campaigns and promotions. These efforts will make us the top choice for customers in terms of product offering, customer service and brand value. Intensive marketing campaigns will also help us communicate our unique brand image to the public and retain customer loyalty.
In the past two years, the Group expanded its four existing regional offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Wuhan and Nansha, and an administrative centre in Shenzhen. These four regional offices now include training centres that will enhance our overall business and management efficiency, develop localised resources to provide direct and individualised training for employees of both self-operated and licensed shops. This helps enhance their management skills, product knowledge and customer service quality.
The Group also focuses intently on increasing its production efficiency. Phase II of the Nansha Plant expansion works (Luk Fook Group Processing Plant) is undergoing renovation. Once completed, it will increase the Group s manufacturing capacity. Operations in the new facilities are expected to commence within the calendar year 
Last but not least, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all staff members for their diligence, dedication and contributions to the Group. I would also like to convey my thanks to our customers, business partners and shareholders for being with us every step of the way and sharing our vision for the future. Your support drives the Group to achieve more and more each year. Moving forward, the Group will continue to hone its competitive edge and market-leading position with innovative growth initiatives, generating sustainable returns for our shareholders and establishing a new benchmark for 
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive Hong Kong, 26 June 2013 