CHIEF EXECUTIVE S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung, Chief Executive It is my pleasure to present to you the 2007 annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the financial year ended 31st 
For the year ended 31st March 2007, the Group recorded a turnover of approximately HK$2,845,147,000, representing a 34% increase as compared to approximately HK$2,126,297,000 in 2006. Turnover in the retail and wholesale sectors comprised 65% and 35% respectively. The increase in the retail turnover was mainly due to the strong growth in the Hong Kong economy and rising income of consumers, sales of gold products stimulated by the traditional good-for-marriage year and the satisfactory growth in sales performance during the Golden Weeks in May and October 2006. Besides, turnover in the wholesale sector increased by approximately 43% due to the substantial increase in the quantity of gold jewellery items purchased by the Group from retail customers and reselling to gold merchants in bulk quantities, as a result of drastic surges in gold prices during the year. Profit attributable to shareholders climbed by 107% to approximately HK$198,059,000 (2006: HK$95,695,000). Basic earnings per share was HK40.3 cents (2006: HK19.7 cents).

The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK11 cents per share (2006: HK7 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2007. In addition to the interim dividend of HK7 cents per share already paid, the dividend for the full year amounted to a total of HK18 cents per share (2006: HK10 cents per share). The proposed dividend will be paid on 14th September 2007 following the approval at the Annual General Meeting.

The financial year 200607 was a fruitful year for the Group. The step-up in the overall performance was mainly attributable to the substantial increase in retail and wholesale volume. During the year, the buoyant stock markets of Hong Kong and the PRC have increased the income of consumers. The growth in household income and consumer spending boosted the demand for luxury products such as jewellery. Hence, the prosperous economy of Hong Kong and the fast growing PRC market offered robust growth momentum to the retail market of Hong Kong as well as the sales of Luk Fook.
Meanwhile, the rising tourist arrivals in Hong Kong also led to a rapid increase in consumer expenditure. According to the figures from the Hong Kong Tourism Board ( HKTB ), the overall tourist arrivals rose by 8.1% from 2005 to approximately 25 million in 2006. The number of PRC tourists, which accounted for more than half of total arrivals, reached 13.5 million in 2006, expanding at a rate of 8.4% from a year 
Figures from the HKTB also showed that the total expenditure associated to inbound tourism recorded an increase of 12.7% to HK$119.43 billion in 2006, exceeding the original forecast by more than HK$4.7 billion as compared to 2005. Through the further relaxation of the Individual Travel Scheme, more PRC consumers are allowed to travel to Hong Kong, aided by the appreciation of Renminbi against Hong Kong dollars, Hong Kong s retail sector and our business were 
Hong Kong Market As at 31st March 2007, the Group operates 24 retail outlets under the brand name of Luk Fook in Hong Kong. The Group has also established a stylish and trendy product line, Ice g. , to cater the younger customers tastes. Apart from the Ice g. counters in Luk Fook jewellery shops, the Group currently operates 1 Ice g. shop in Sheung Shui.
During the year under review, the Group has opened 2 new Luk Fook shops in Mongkok and Shatin in August and December 2006 
Since September 2005, the Group has started to renovate the Luk Fook shops in Hong Kong. Up till the end of 2006, we have already refurbished most of the shops. The new shop image has been well received by customers and the renovation project is expected to be completed by March 2008.
In an effort to sustain our integrity as a reputable Hong Kong jeweler, the Group participated in the No Fakes Pledge Scheme organized by the Intellectual Property Department with an aim to enhance purchasing confidence among consumers. With Luk Fook s expertise in Fei Cui (Jadeite), the Group was also identified as an approved member of Natural Fei Cui Quality Mark Scheme.

The Group operates its PRC retail business mainly through brand licensing services. Adopting licensing business in the PRC allows us to diversify operating risks and minimize the costs for setting up outlets in the vast mainland regions where different norms and rules might be applied on jewellery operators.
During the year under review, the Group continued to fortify its licensing penetration into the PRC market while spotting out favorable locations to establish self-operated shops. As at 31st March 2007, we have over 270 licensee shops in the PRC, spreading across as many as 29 provinces and 113 cities. Footprints of Luk Fook are found in big cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, Shenzhen, Guangzhou.
We have also enlarged our parameters to more interior areas including Inner Mongolia, Lanzhou, Urumchi, Xinjiang, etc.
During the year, the Group established 3 self-operated shops in Beijing in line with our strategy to expand in the PRC market.

With the thriving Macau economy, significant foreign investments flowed into Macau, boosting the gaming, tourism, property and retail markets. Many infrastructure projects such as hotels, resorts, real estates and large scale shopping arcades are under construction.
Fuelled by the growing number of visitors to Macau and the increasing consumption of visitors, the retail market in Macau has been flourished. The Group currently has 2 shops located at the main streets of Macau, which are hot spots for tourists and residents.

In line with our corporate goal of Brand of Hong Kong Sparkling the World , extending our geographical reach in the global markets remained our focus during the year. There are currently 3 retail outlets in Canada under the brand name of Luk Fook, of which 2 shops were switched to be operated under licensing mode in 2006.
Subsequent to the Group s successful move into the Canadian market, the Group further tapped into the North American market in June 2006 to launch a new brand Luvina Jewelers in the United States, signifying the Group s first step into a new overseas market.

The Group s remarkable financial performance has proven the financial year of 200607 a year of success. As we always believe that there are huge potentials for long-term growth in the PRC market, we will penetrate unremittingly into the PRC market while consolidating our existing markets and tapping into new markets.
With the vast business opportunities in the PRC, we will continue to select carefully suitable licensing partners for setting up retail outlets and ensure that they offer the best products, designs and services to customers. We will continue to impose stringent quality control on the products sold in our licensee shops and provide technical support and consultancy services to all of the licensed jewelers in the PRC.
On the other hand, the Group has also been watching closely the Macau market and is set to open another Luk Fook branch in Macau s Venetian Macao-Resort Hotel, which has the world s largest casino. The Group remains confident that the new shop will grasp the business opportunities arisen from the operation of the hotel in mid 2007 and achieve satisfactory growth to our sales performance in Macau.
In view of the substantial growth potentials in the overseas market, the Group is planning to tap into new markets, such as Taiwan, Malaysia, and Las Vegas, in an aim to create new growth drivers to our global retail operation and further realize Luk Fook s long-term goal to become a 
Capitalizing on our trusted brand image, we truly believe that our diversified product portfolio, superior quality and designs as well as our earnest customer services are the main factors that enabled us to stay competitive amid stiff competition in the jewellery market in Hong 
Looking ahead, to maintain a sound growth momentum, we will endeavor to strengthen the Luk Fook brand through active participation in product design competitions to maintain our competitiveness in the 
We will step up our efforts to widen our sales network and search for new markets. With a myriad of key factors in Luk Fook, we are convinced that our healthy growth prospect will give our customers great confidence to shop at Luk Fook and allow us to remain a popular choice among customers in the coming years.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank my staff, shareholders, customers and business partners for their relentless efforts and dedication to the Group. I also wish to extend my gratitude to our customers for their unswerving support in Luk Fook.
By order of the Board, WONG Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, 24th July 2007 