CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive 
On behalf of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ), I am pleased to present the Group s annual results for the year ended 31 March 2014.
In April and June last year, the international gold price sharply hit recent new lows, triggering gold rushes. It created a soaring demand for gold products. The Group flexibly utilised cross-selling techniques, driving the sales and revenue of various products. In addition, as the gold price remained relatively low, the sales of gold also grew satisfactorily and lasted for a few months after the gold rushes. Coupled with the increasing gross profit margin of gem-set jewellery products, despite the growth of sales slowed down in the second half of the year, the Group continued to perform well and record fruitful profits, generating attractive returns for our shareholders. Accordingly, the Group performed remarkably for the financial year 201314 where the financial indicators including revenue, profit attributable to equity holders and dividend per share hit their record highs.
For the year ended 31 March 2014, the Group set another record high and recorded total revenue amounting HK$19,214,930,000 (2013: HK$13,411,691,000), representing an increase of 43.3% over last year. Profit attributable to equity holders also reached its record high and increased significantly by 50.0% to approximately HK$1,864,928,000 from last year s HK$1,242,951,000, with an earnings per share of HK$3.17 (2013: HK$2.11). The board of directors of the Company proposed a final dividend of HK$0.638 per share (2013: HK$0.48) for the year ended 31 March 2014. In addition to the paid interim dividend of HK$0.63 per share (2013: HK$0.38 per share), dividend for the financial year 201314 amounted to HK$1.268 per share (2013: HK$0.86 per share), setting another record high. The dividend payout ratio is approximately 40.1% on a full year basis (2013: 40.8%).
During the year under review, the Group successfully expanded its retail territory and accelerated its pace of business expansion. The Group opened its world s largest flagship store in Macau and the first Mainland China flagship store in Wuhan, signifying a new milestone in the Group s network expansion. In addition, the Group also successfully entered the watch market in Mainland China. Besides, the Group had the grand opening of its first shop in Sydney, Australia in December 2013 to extend its retail network coverage to seven countries and regions worldwide, including Hong Kong, Macau, Mainland China, Singapore, the United States, Canada and Australia. During the year under review, the Group had 196 net newly opened shops globally, out of which 186 were in Mainland China. As at 31 March 2014, the Group had a total of 1,268 shops globally (2013: 1,072 shops), of which 1,208 shops (2013: 1,022 shops) were located in Mainland China.
On 6 June 2014, the Group completed the acquisition of 50% interest in the issued share capital of China Gold Silver Group Company Limited, an operating company engaging in jewellery retailing and franchising under the brandname of 3D-GOLD , and kicked off the dual brand strategy to mark a new page of the Group. Leveraging on the Group s professional expertise in jewellery retailing and brand management, we strongly believe that the cooperation between two renowned brands with similar business models will generate synergies and facilitate the long- term development of both parties. Moreover, it will further expand the economies of scale and thus achieving a win-win 
In addition, in September 2013, leveraging on the Group s excellent achievements in brand building, the Group won the Brand of the Year Retail of the JNA Awards 2013.
In February 2014, the Group also won the Hong Kong Top Brand Ten Year Achievement Award at the 2013 Hong Kong Top Brand Awards jointly organised by the Hong Kong Brand Development Council and the Chinese Manufacturers Association of Hong Kong. Such honours and awards not only further strengthen the Group s leading position in the international jewellery market, but also are testimony to Lukfook Jewellery as a brand well-received by customers 
Due to the policies in Mainland China, sluggish stock market and property market as well as the slowing economy, the purchasing power of the Mainland Chinese is weakened. In addition, as the consumer sentiment of tourists travelling to Hong Kong from Mainland China under the Individual Visit Scheme also decreases, the jewellery retail industry will face considerably high pressure in the short to mid-term.
Moreover, given the high base effect of the gold rushes last year, the Group remains prudent about the growth prospects of our results for the financial year 201415. Accordingly, the Group will endeavour to enhance the sales and gross profit margin of the gem-set jewellery products in the coming year, and strengthen the training of frontline staff in various aspects to increase operational efficiency with a view to offsetting the impact of slowing sales growth on our results performance.
In the long-term, as the per capita purchasing power of Mainland citizens increases, coupled with the implementation of favourable government policies to boost domestic consumption, Mainland China remains to be a market with tremendous growth potential and the outlook of the jewellery market is still promising. Accordingly, we will continue to seize the market opportunities and actively expand our distribution network to consolidate our market position in Mainland China.
I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to all our staff members, shareholders, customers, business partners and other stakeholders for their strong support and contributions to the Group s success. Moving forward, the Group will continue to implement practical and sound growth measures, strengthen its competitive advantages and further consolidate its leading position in the market with a view to generating sustainable returns for our shareholders and establishing a new benchmark for corporate excellence.
By order of the Board WONG Wai Sheung Chairman and Chief Executive Hong Kong, 25 June 2014 