Chairman s statement WONG Wai Sheung, the Chairman I am pleased to present the annual report of Luk Fook Holdings (International) Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) for the year ended 31st March 
For the year ended 31st March 2004, turnover was HK$1,598,123,000, representing a 9.3% increase compared with HK$1,461,763,000 in the previous year. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to about HK$76,965,000 (2003: HK$47,357,000), representing an increase of 62.5%. Earnings per share was HK16.1 cents (2003: HK10.0 cents).

The Directors proposed a final dividend of HK5 cents per share (2003: HK4 cents per share) for the year ended 31st March 2004.
Together with the interim dividend of HK2 cents per share already paid, a total of HK7 cents per share were declared for the year ended 31st March 2004 (2003: HK6 cents per share).
Chuk Kam Jewellery Design Competition 
K-gold Group:Winner Dragon & Phoenix Chuk Kam Jewellery Design Competition 2004 Buyers Choice Group: Winner Pearl of Dragon 
Gold and Jewellery Operation The Group started its globalization strategies since 2003 by aggressively identifying suitable retail outlets internationally. At present, the Group has 28 retail outlets under the brand name of Luk Fook and 6 outlets under the brand name of Ice g. in Hong Kong, the PRC, Macau and Canada. During the year under review, the Group opened 2 retail outlets in Jordon and Shatin, Hong Kong.
To further penetrate into the PRC market, the Group opened the first retail store in Shenzhen, the PRC. In addition, the Group has been continuously expanding its overseas market by establishing 2 outlets in Vancouver and Toronto, Canada in the year under review.
Articles of jewellery are getting more fashion oriented. In order to move up-market, innovative designs are very important. Similar to the past few years, the Group s designs gained significant recognition and was accredited with awards in various jewellery design competitions for the year under review.
Brand management is the Group s key in its globalization strategy.
The Group continues to participate in numerous promotional activities during the year to reinforce its brand awareness in the 
The continuous growth of the PRC economy boosted the demand for luxury products. It is expected to create enormous business opportunity for jewellery brands. In July 2003, the Group has obtained the sole-proprietorship license, which allows the Group to manufacture, wholesale and retail of gold jewellery. The large-scale jewellery manufacturing plant is situated on a site area of about 350,000 sq.ft. in Panyu, Guangdong and with a total investment of approximately HK$60,000,000 which is funded by internal resources. It is expected to commence operation in the fourth quarter of 2004, which will triple the existing production capacity. On the one hand, it will further reduce the production cost and enhance the profit margin of the Group. On the other hand, it prepares the Group to explore wholesale business opportunity in the foreseeable 
In order to further penetrate into the PRC market, the Group is actively searching for appropriate distributors. The establishment of the new manufacturing plant in the PRC will enable the Group to enhance its brand awareness and to develop its distribution and wholesales business in the PRC, which also will contribute an increment for the revenue of the Group s Hong Kong operation.
Tahitian Pearl Trophy 2003 Earrings Category:1st runner-up Flow The 5th Hong Kong Jewellery Design Competition 2004 Best of 
Earrings Category Blissful Jump The 5th Hong Kong Jewellery Design Competition 2004 Merit Awards: Ring Category Dance Tahitian Pearl Trophy 2003 Brooch Category : Winner Chopsticks The 5th Hong Kong Jewellery Design Competition 2004 Merit Awards: Pendant Category Dream The 5th Hong Kong Jewellery Design Competition 2004 Merit Awards: Watch Category Sunflower During the year, the Group provides technical support, product design and staff training services to over 80 jewelers in the PRC, with an aim to increase the brand awareness and market penetration, thus paving the way for future business development.

During the year under review, the Group ceased its securities operation, with a target to re-engineer its resources and to focus on the development of its core business of jewellery operation.

The Group s registered jewellery portal www.jewellworld.com or www.jw28.com , which serves as an electronic gateway for the global jewellery industry, is expected to become a business-to-business trading platform among jewellery manufacturers, wholesalers and retailers around the world, as well as an additional promotion channel for the Group. The Group believes that the increasing trend of viewing samples and purchasing jewellery electronically will enhance business potential.
DTC Diamond : Natural s Miracle International Design Competition Award Hong Kong Award Winning Piece : Necklace Lava 
The Group will continue its globalization strategy.
Hong Kong Market Looking forward, the Group is optimistic. Macro speaking, the Hong Kong economy is undergoing a strong upturn. In the first quarter of 2004, real GDP grew by 6.8% from a year earlier, continuing on the 3.3% growth in 2003. On account of the prevailing upturn, the official forecast of GDP growth is 6% for 2004.
Also, 2004 is the year for wedding as the Chinese tradition double spring is a blessing year for marriage. It will boost up the sale of gold and jewellery for the year.
The implementation of Individual Visit Scheme which was effective in July 2004 for the provinces including Fujian, Zhejiang, and Jiangsu will further benefit the local retail market. The Group has launched marketing campaigns targeting this segment.
In line with the increasing consumption of mainland tourists in Hong Kong, the Group was among the first batch of retailers, which accepted RMB Union Pay Card.
All of the above-mentioned factors, without mentioning the escalating reputation of the Luk Fook brand in Hong Kong, contribute to the development of the Group in the long run. In May 2004, the Group opened its 28th retail shop in Yuen Long, Hong Kong. Looking ahead, it will continue to seize prime locations to open more retail outlets.
Meanwhile, the Group will further promote the Ice g. collection and endeavor to build a brand recognizable by young consumers through offering trendy, fashionable and high quality jewellery products.
In April 2004, the Group acquired the whole block of 14-storey commercial building (plus a cockloft) situated at No. 749A Nathan Road, Kowloon, Hong Kong for a consideration of HK$36,000,000.
The total saleable area is 10,788 square feet. The Group will rename the property as Luk Fook Jewellery Centre and use the whole property as its head office building to accommodate all its existing 
According to the Hong Kong Trade Development Council, the sales of jewellery recorded an annual growth rate of 15.7% in the PRC market. The jewellery market is expected to reach RMB150 billion in the year 2010. At present, there are approximately 7,000 consumers per gold and jewellery shop internationally. In Hong Kong, approximately 6,500 consumers per gold and jewellery shop but approximately 25,000 consumers per shop in the PRC. The jewellery possession rate is only 55% in first-tier cities, 23% in small to medium cities. Therefore, the growth potential is huge.
The early penetration and brand name promotion in the PRC through its licensee shops have brought with the Group harvesting return.
With the competitive advantages over domestic and foreign jewelers in terms of reputation, services and product quality as well as commencement of operating of the new manufacturing plant in the 4th quarter of 2004, the Group believes that its business will further 
Since the simplified traveling procedures and the opening of gambling industry has boosted Macau s tourist industry, Macau will turn to be another famous tourist spot for mainland visitors. In view of this, the Group will continue to develop and promote its business in Macau with the 2 retail outlets there.

The Group has successfully penetrated into the overseas market.
Following the Canada market, the Group plans to open retail outlets in New York, Las Vegas and Southeast Asia in the future, aiming to upgrade Luk Fook to become an international brand.

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my great appreciation to all staff for their dedication and contribution during the year. I would also like to offer my sincerest gratitude to all our customers, suppliers, business associates and shareholders for their support and advice. With your continuous cooperation and support, the Group will make every endeavor to strive for the best in the 
By Order of the Board Wong Wai Sheung 
Hong Kong, July 23, 2004 