Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors (the Directors ) of Warderly International Holdings Limited (the Company ), I now present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 30 
Trading in the shares (the Shares ) of the Company on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) has been suspended since 14 May 2007 at the request of the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong (the SFC ).
Due to the sealing up of its manufacturing facilities in April 2007, the Company, via its subsidiaries, began to concentrate its effort in trading business (the Trading Business ) by securing sales orders from distributors and wholesalers and engaging subcontractors of original equipment manufacturer to manufacture the household electrical appliances and audio-visual products. In April 2010, the Group expanded its business scope by moving upsteam into the design of household appliances and distribution of its own designed appliances under the Olevia brand (the Olevia Business ). During the year, the turnover generated from the Trading business and the Olevia Business decreased by approximately HK$152 million to approximately HK$11 million and changed from gross profi t of approximately HK$16 million to gross loss of approximately HK$476,000 compared with last year. The decrease in the results of the Trading Business and the Olevia Business was mainly due to scale down of their businesses during the year. Ever since it has been made clear by the Stock Exchange that the Trading Business and the Olevia Business could not justify a listing resumption of its shares, the Company has been concentrating on possible acquisition of manufacturing business with sizable profi table track record.
In order to re-activate the Group s manufacturing operation (the Manufacturing Business ), the Group, in July 2010, set up Dongguan Up Stand Electrical Manufacturing Co., Ltd ( Dongguan Up Stand ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group established in the People s Republic of China ( PRC ), to engage in the design, manufacturing, marketing and distribution of household appliances such as convection panel heaters, quartz heaters, bathroom panel heaters and electric fans. Its products mainly supplied to overseas customers in Europe, Australia and America. Since August 2011, the Group has started to develop the PRC market. The Group generated turnover of over HK$20 million from the PRC market during the year. Resulted from the effort of the Group in expending the production facilities and marketing its products during the year, the turnover and gross profi t generated from Manufacturing Business increased signifi cantly from approximately HK$8 million to approximately HK$47 million and from approximately HK$2 million to approximately HK$6 million respectively as compared with last year.
On 22 June 2011, the Company acquired 100% interest in Rich Honest (Europe) Limited ( RHE ), which is incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability, at a cash consideration of HK$5 million. RHE s principal business is the manufacturing and sale of a different type of household appliance-digital enhanced cordless telephony ( DECT ) products, CAT-iq handset and 3G wireless local loop products (the RHE Business ). The RHE Business generated net operating loss (before impairment) and gross loss of approximately HK$2 million and HK$595,000 respectively during the four months operation. However, as the Stock Exchange has casted doubts on the achievability of RHE s forecast profi t in the assessment of the listing resumption of its Shares, the Company has no choice but to cease investing in the RHE business.
IMPORTANT EVENTS AND PROSPECTS On 30 September 2008, the Company submitted the proposal (the Resumption Proposal ) in relation to the resumption of trading in the Shares to the Stock Exchange and the SFC. The Resumption Proposal contains, amongst other matters, a restructuring proposal to revitalize the Company s financial position. As part of the Resumption Proposal, the Company proposed to raise HK$84.4 million, before expenses, by way of the Open Offer of the Offer Convertible Notes to the Qualifying Shareholders of the Company, which is fully underwritten by Mr. Kan pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Kan on 8 October 2008. The Company also proposed to settle the Company s indebtedness by way of the Schemes.
Each of the Hong Kong Scheme and the Cayman Scheme was duly approved by a majority in number (i.e. over 50% in number) of the Scheme Creditors together representing no less than 75% in value of the Scheme Creditors present and voting in person or by proxy at the Scheme Creditors meeting held on 16 March 2009. The Cayman Scheme was sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands on 27 March 2009 while the Hong Kong Scheme was sanctioned by the High Court of Hong Kong on 6 May 2009.
The Hong Kong Scheme and the Cayman Scheme will become effective upon an offi ce copy of the relevant court order sanctioning the respective scheme having been delivered to the Registrar of Companies in Hong Kong or the Cayman Islands (as the case may be) for registration.
On 26 November 2009, the Stock Exchange announced that the Company would be placed into the third stage of delisting procedures pursuant to Practice Note 17 ( PN 17 ) to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange as the Stock Exchange determined that the Company s Resumption Proposal was not a viable 
On 7 May 2010, the Company submitted a revised Resumption Proposal to the Stock Exchange. On 13 May 2011, the Stock Exchange issued a letter to the Company stating that the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange considered that the revised Resumption Proposal submitted by the Company has not satisfactorily demonstrated suffi ciency of operation or assets as required by the Listing Rules and decided that the listing of the Shares on the Stock Exchange be cancelled in accordance with PN 17 (the Listing Decision ).
On 17 May 2011, the Company submitted an application to the Listing (Review) Committee of the Stock Exchange to seek a review of the Listing Decision.
The Company submitted a submission to the Stock Exchange on 31 August 2011 and attended the review hearing with the Listing (Review) Committee to review the Listing Decision on 20 September 2011. However, the Listing (Review) Committee decided to uphold the Listing Decision that the revised Resumption Proposal had not satisfactorily demonstrated suffi ciency of operation or assets as required under Rule 13.24 and that the listing of the Company s shares on the Stock Exchange be cancelled in accordance with PN 17.
On 11 October 2011, the Company submitted an application to the Listing (Appeals) Committee of the Stock Exchange to seek a second review of the Listing Decision. As at the date of the annual report, the date of hearing by the Listing (Appeals) Committee is fi xed on 7 September 2012.
In order to convince the Stock Exchange to grant a listing resumption of the Shares, the Directors shall continue to search for suitable acquisition of operations with sizable profi table track records.
Upon resumption of trading in the Shares on the Stock Exchange, the Company would become almost debt free and additional working capital would be injected into the Group.
Kan Che Kin, Billy Albert 
Hong Kong, 31 July 2012 