Chairman s Statement On behalf of the board of directors (the Directors ) of Warderly International Holdings Limited (the Company ), I now present the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 30 
Trading in the shares (the Shares ) of the Company on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) has been suspended since 14 May 2007 at the request of the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong (the SFC ).
During the year, the operation of the Group only remained the business of manufacturing and sale of household electrical appliances (the Manufacturing Business ) such as convection panel heaters, quartz heaters, bathroom panel heaters and electric fans. Its products are mainly supplied to overseas customers in Europe, Australia and America through a People s Republic of China (the PRC ) import and export company. Due to the fl uctuating economics in overseas market, the number of customers decreased and the orders from each customer decreased largely compared with last year. Moreover, the increasing material and labor costs and appreciation in Renminbi caused the profi t margin of the Group not as high as before. Therefore, the turnover of the Manufacturing Business decreased and the result of the Manufacturing Business changed from a profi t of approximately HK$2 million for the year ended 30 April 2012 to a loss of approximately HK$2.8 million for the year ended 30 April 2013.
In order to fulfi ll the requirements of the Stock Exchange to maintain the listing of the Shares, the Company identifi ed a suitable acquisition target with sizable track records, Nanjing Fullshare Asset Management LimitedWSNPv "u{t gPlQS (the Target Company ), which is a limited liability company established in the PRC and is wholly owned by Nanjing Fullshare Industrial Holding Group Co. Limited* WSNPv"umicW gPlQS ( Nanjing Fullshare Holding ). On 21 August 2012, an acquisition agreement was entered into between Mighty Fame Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and Nanjing Fullshare Holding in relation to the acquisition of the entire equity interest of the Target Company at a consideration of HK$500 million (the Acquisition ). The Target Company is a property developer currently focusing primarily on developing and selling residential complex in Yancheng, Jiangsu Province and Chongqing Municipality in the PRC. In addition, the Company proposed to raise HK$84.4 million by allotment and issuance of 1,688,000,000 new Shares (the Offer Share(s) ) at the subscription price of HK$0.05 per Offer Share on the basis of 4 Offer Shares for every 1 Share (the Open Offer ) and issuance of the convertible bonds (the Convertible Bonds ) under the subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement ) dated 21 August 2012 entered into between the Company, Magnolia Wealth International Limited ( Magnolia Wealth ), a company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and Mr. Kan Che Kin, Billy Albert ( Mr. Kan ), the executive Director and the substantial shareholder (the Shareholder ) of the Company, with an aggregate principal amount of HK$500,000,000. The Company submitted a new resumption proposal in respect of, amongst other things, the Acquisition, the Open Offer and the Subscription Agreement (the New Resumption Proposal ) to the Stock Exchange during the appeal stage on 22 August 2012 and attended the appeal hearing held by the Listing Appeals Committee of the Stock Exchange on 7 September 2012. On 17 September 2012, the Company was pleased to announce that the Listing Appeals Committee of the Stock Exchange decided to exercise its discretion to receive and consider the New Resumption Proposal and refer the matter back to the Listing Committee of the Stock Exchange, and to allow the Listing Division of the Stock Exchange and the SFC to complete its usual vetting work for the proposed transactions under the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the Listing Rules ) and the Hong Kong Code on Takeovers and Mergers. The Listing Appeals Committee of the Stock Exchange considered that the proposed transactions contained in the New Resumption Proposal constitute a reverse takeover and hence subject to the Listing Rules applicable to such transactions. As such, CMB International Capital Limited has been appointed as the sponsor to the Company in relation to the reverse takeover involving a new listing application to fulfi ll the requirements under the Listing Rules.
During the process of restructuring of the Company, on 18 January 2013, the Company disposed of the entire interest in Warderly Group Limited ( WGL ), Olevia Home Appliances Limited ( Olevia ) and Rich Honest (Europe) Limited ( RHE ) (collectively, the Disposal Companies ) at a consideration of HK$1 each to Mr. Kan Che Kin, Billy Albert ( Mr. Kan ), an executive director and a substantial shareholder of the Company (the Disposal ). Each of the Disposal Companies, namely WGL, RHE and Olevia, has been dormant since April 2007, October 2011 and April 2012 respectively. As at the date of the Disposal, the Disposal Companies had aggregate consolidated net liabilities of approximately HK$86 million. As the Company provided corporate guarantee to certain banks to secure the banking facilities granted to the subsidiaries of WGL and its subsidiaries had net liabilities and they were in default on payment of such bank borrowings and overdrafts, the Company recognised a liability of approximately HK$24 million, equivalent to the outstanding bank borrowings and overdrafts and accrued interest therein, to refl ect its obligations under the guarantee arrangements. Therefore, a gain on disposal of approximately HK$62 million was recognised for the year ended 30 April 2013. Accordingly, following the completion of the Disposal, the Group will save administrative costs relating to the maintenance and reporting of such non-core subsidiaries. The Disposal forms part of the Company s pursuit of the restructuring of the Group and resumption of trading in the Shares and was completed on 18 January 2013.
After completion of the Acquisition, the Company has no intention to continue the existing Manufacturing Business and therefore, on 5 April 2013, a disposal agreement (the Disposal Agreement ) was entered into between the Company and Homely Manufacturing Limited ( Homely ), a limited company incorporated in Hong Kong, which is wholly and benefi cially owned by Mr. Yeung Kui Wong, who was the founder of the Company and had been the controlling shareholder and chairman of the Company, to dispose of the entire interest in Up Stand Holdings Limited ( Up Stand ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiary, Dongguan Up Stand Electrical Manufacturing Company Limited, which is principally engaged in the Manufacturing Business, to Homely at a consideration of HK$10 million subject to adjustment by the increasesdecreases in the consolidated net asset value of Up Stand during the period from 31 December 2012 to the date of completion of the disposal of Up Stand with limit of HK$1 million. After completion of the Acquisition and the disposal of Up Stand, the Group will be solely engaged in property development industry in the PRC. The Acquisition and the disposal of Up Stand have not been completed as at the date of this report.
As the Disposal Agreement was entered into on 5 April 2013, the Company s interest in Up Stand is treated as assets held for sale . After the completion of the Disposal Agreement, all the existing business of the Group would be discontinued and hence, were treated as discontinued operations for the year ended 30 April 2013.

The Company is now taking appropriate steps to comply with the requirements under the Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Code on Takeovers and Mergers in respect of the proposed transactions set out in the New Resumption Proposal, which include, amongst other things, the Acquisition (constituting a reverse takeover), the Open Offer (instead of zero coupon convertible notes) and the subscription of the Convertible Bonds. The relevant agreements in relation to the Acquisition and the subscription of Convertible Bonds were entered into by the Company with relevant parties on 21 August 2012 and announced on 21 March 2013.
The Company has appointed relevant professional parties, including a sponsor, CMB International Capital Limited, to prepare the required documents relating to those transactions pursuant to the Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Code on Takeovers and Mergers.
Upon completion of the Acquisition, the debt restructuring and the resumption of trading in the Shares on the Stock Exchange, the Group would have a suffi cient level of operation and would become almost debt free and additional working capital would be injected into the Group. The capital base and the fi nancial and liquidity position of the Group will substantially improve. The Group will participate in the new prospects in the property development industry in the PRC.
Kan Che Kin, Billy Albert 
Hong Kong, 30 July 2013 