Chairman s Statement 
In 2015, the Group fully kicked off its strategic upgrade. During the year, the Group s businesses transformed from residential real estate development to comprehensive real estate development, from traditional real estate to green building and technology service upgrade, from ordinary residential community to green new towns upgrade, and from green living environment to grand health service upgrade for individual lifecycle.
In 2015, the Group achieved sound operating results. The Group s contracted sales amounted to RMB2,490,000,000, representing an increase of 222% as compared with the same period of last year; and the revenue recognized was RMB2,410,000,000, representing an increase of 215% as compared with the same period of last year.
In 2015, the annual revenue reached RMB2,660,000,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 235%; the Group turned losses into gains in its profit, of which profit attributable to shareholders amounted to 
In 2016, the Group will adhere the goal of green + health , explore and layout grand health service business and take life, medical care, internet and finance as its development direction to optimize business layout and speed up 
By leveraging on the advantages of the Group in green real estate and green technology service to provide the green, low-carbon, healthy and comfortable environment products for the society, enhance the living and office environment, and participate in the investment in green towns and transformation of communities encouraged by the state to construct green communities and green towns.
The Group will provide people with high-quality and healthy products and services which are closely related to daily life, the Group is expected to build an urban healthy-living recreational center, and embed the concepts of healthy food and beverages, and anti-aging medical beauty-dressing, provide suburban health mild resort, global time- sharing health resort and other services, including food and beverages, sports, healthcare, medical and so on.
Which is expected to provide a new healthy-living experience for users.
By acquiring and merging Shenzhen Anke High-Tech Company Limited*m3W[ybSN gPlQS and the investments in the medical sector in future, the Group is expected to form the medical care industry chain layout in checking, diagnosis, treatment and care. In the future, the Group will take Chinese medicine as its core, conduct resource integration upstream and downstream, focusing on disease prevention and treatment. The integration of online internet health management with tens of thousand shops service offline in over hundred cities will become the major development direction of its health industry.
The Group is expected to set up the Healthy Internet O2O (Online to Offline) Platform, integrate quality healthy life, healthy medical beauty, healthy products, healthy financial resources to establish the online and offline service platform between healthy users and healthy institutions.
The Group is expected to ally with domestic and overseas renowned companies and financial institutions to develop and promote healthy financial products featuring the functions of investment + health , and provide financial support to the entrepreneurs and cooperative partners in the health industry.
In 2016, the Group hopes to leverage on its own education platform, credit platform, career platform and capital platform to let more people realize the importance of health, enable each of our cooperative partners to achieve success and enable the Group to become a respectable healthy brand enterprise.

Chairman and executive Director Hong Kong, 30 March 2016 