Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
2014 was a year of diligence, integration and innovation for Fullshare Holdings Limited.
In this year, China’s overall economy showed a stable albeit descending trend, however, a series of measures
in economic structural adjustments, growth stabilization and reform facilitation were implemented orderly by the
government.
China’s urbanization process is far from coming to an end. The reformatory benefits are emerging gradually while
innovation thinking is catalyzing greater and more sustainable development opportunities.
Leveraging on practice and experience in its green building technology services, new energy and health services
aspects, Fullshare Holdings implemented its strategy adjustment and resources integration in 2014. In this year,
the Company changed its name to “Fullshare Holdings Limited”, thereby positioned itself in focusing on green
technology and health services. We are committed to become a comprehensive enterprise aiming at scalable
application of green energy conservation technology and construction of health services operating system
and striving to provide various solutions, including green urban planning, green building design, EPC master
contracting in green building, green energy conservation technology proposals, green real estate development,
construction energy management and comprehensive health services.
In order to strengthen the Company’s operation capability and optimize its capital structure, Fullshare Holdings
carried out a number of acquisitions and broadened the capital base by conversions of convertible bonds into
shares and private placements of shares. In addition, a project to develop Jurong City, Jiangsu into a green
technology urban and region, was conducted, and at the same time, we explored the development of the EPC
and PPP innovative models. All of these laid a foundation for the strategic implementation and capital structure
improvement of Fullshare Holdings in green building, green technology, health services, urban operation services
and other sectors.
While at the stage of transmission, adjustment and reform, Fullshare Holdings will boldly face the challenges in
2015. In positioning as a comprehensive solution provider in green technology and health services, the Company
has determined its medium term operating targets of achieving annual compound growth rates of over 25% and
over 40% in revenue and profit in next five years respectively. In short term, the financial target is to achieve a
company’s asset size of over RMB10.0 billion with debts-to-net assets ratio less than 100% in one year.
According to the Company’s overall plan, currently, we will focus on building “one foundation, two new businesses
and three key supports”.
One foundation:
The Company will integrate its own and external quality resources, always insist on and continue to build the
foundation of light-asset operation platform, continuously develop intensively the value points in green technology
and health services industrial chains, promote the differentiation and professional operation of full industrial chain.
Two new businesses:
Two businesses of green technology and comprehensive health services will be newly developed. Taking green
building and energy conservation technology as the core, we aim to transform traditional buildings so as to build
up green buildings, communities and new towns. Also, taking comprehensive health services as the core, we aim
to continuously improve the added-values of construction project services so as to create the community health
operation system.
Three key supports:
(a)  Green building services: This mainly promotes the implementation of EPC master contracting service model
in green building business and continuously enhances the innovative application and investment scale
of green energy conservation technology. By well making use of our quality resources and facilities and
the application of the internet, we will create a cloud service platform for green building technology. This
will help achieve the resources integration of the whole process in green building and motivate in-depth
cooperation with upstream and downstream parties.
(b)  Health services: This actively promotes the implementation of business model for the union of the health,
regimen, medical, elderly care and development projects, creates online health management and operation
service platform and improves the health management and operation capability. This will provide support
and guarantee in establishing the differentiation advantages for the Company.
(c)  Green health real estate: We will continuously insist on taking green energy conservation technology and
health services as the cores, so as to enrich and be innovative in our product lines. This will facilitate a solid
increase in brand value of Fullshare Holdings.
In 2015, with the objective of “growing business and sharing profits together” and goal of “joyful working and
healthy living”, we will focus on how to provide convenient and less expensive services to our extensive customers,
cooperative partners, shareholders and social communities, maximize shareholders’ interests and provide a career
development platform for employees and cooperative partners.
This is our attitude as well as the goal of Fullshare Holdings. By perseverance, our goal will be realised.
Ji Changqun
Chairman and executive Director
Hong Kong, 31 March 2015
