Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”), I am hereby pleased to present the 2016 annual report of the
Company for the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Year 2016”) to our shareholders.
The Year 2016 was a crucial year of the Company to lay the foundation for our long-term development. The Group
has gradually formed five segments, namely new energy, tourism, healthcare, property and investment. These
segments have synergistic effects among one another to enhance the development of the Company.
Through a number of acquisitions during the Year 2016, total assets of the Group increased by 416% from
Renminbi (“RMB”) 9,366,366,000 as at 31 December 2015 to RMB48,294,673,000 as at 31 December 2016.
Net assets per share recorded an increase of 291% to RMB1.33 as compared to the Year 2015 (the “Year 2015”)
(31 December 2015: RMB0.34).
In the Year 2016, the revenue of the Group increased by approximately 39% to RMB4,311,423,000 (2015:
RMB3,095,611,000). Gross profit rose by 125% to RMB871,995,000 as compared to the Year 2015 (2015:
RMB387,338,000). Gross profit margin grew by 8 percentage points to 20% as compared to the Year 2015. Profit
for the Year 2016 attributable to owners of parent company recorded an increase of 155% to RMB3,105,196,000
as compared to the Year 2015 (2015: RMB1,217,827,000). Profit margin for the Year 2016 attributable to owners
of parent company increased by 33 percentage points to 72% as compared to the Year 2015. To reward our
shareholders for their long-term support, the Board recommends the payment of final dividends of RMB1.5 cents
per share for the Year 2016.
During the Year 2016, by way of share exchange offer pursuant to the Takeover Code, the Group successfully
acquired 73.91% of the total issued share capital of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co.,
Ltd. (“CHS”; stock code: 658) – a leading enterprise in the wind power equipment industry in the PRC and
formally entered into the new energy equipment manufacturing sector. The acquisition was formally completed
in December 2016. CHS is a globally leading supplier of mechanical transmission equipment, and its products
are mainly used for wind power generation equipment and various types of industrial mechanical transmission
equipment. The wind power generation industry has huge growth potential, under the influence of the energy
structure reform policy that is proactively implemented by the PRC government as well as the long-term
development goals of the PRC government relating to renewable energy and green energy. Based on a guideline
released by the National Energy Administration (NEA) on 3 March 2016, by 2020, non-hydroelectric renewable
energy should account for between 5% and 13% of the total electricity consumption for provinces, municipalities
and autonomous regions and power companies, with the exception of some non-fossil energy companies, should
produce at least 9% of the total electricity from non-hydroelectric renewable energy by 2020. By Leveraging on
CHS’s strong technical background and leadership position, we are confident to gain greater market share in the
global mechanical transmission equipment and new energy sector.
In addition to proactively developing the new energy segment, the formation of Five Seasons Cultural Tourism
Development Company Limited (“Five Seasons Cultural”) is regarded as a breakthrough of the Group to develop
the integrated leisure tourism business. According to the “China’s Middle Class in Next Decade” (《下一個十
年的中國中產階級》) report issued by McKinsey & Company, by 2022, 76% of the PRC urban households will
reach the middle class income standard, and annual disposable income of these Chinese households will reach
the range of RMB60,000 to RMB229,000 by that time. Along with the rapid increase in disposable income per
capita and the emerging middle class, the Chinese consumption concept is experiencing a significant change and
gradually shifting from past practical consumption to hedonic consumption. The change in such consumption
pattern has brought unprecedented business opportunities for the leisure tourism industry. During the Year
2016, the Group acquired several projects including Nanjing Wonder City（虹悅城）project, Laguna project and
Sheraton project for the development of urban leisure complexes, cultural towns, suburban vacation resorts, global
timeshare resorts and other projects around the world. In the future, we will continue to capitalize on our various
resources and identify excellent partners to jointly develop and operate the culture tourism resorts.
With the increase in disposable income, the Chinese are now pursuing a higher-quality and healthier lifestyle. The
provision of healthcare has emerged as a new business opportunity. The PRC government recently approved
the “Healthy China 2030” plan as an important policy and as a key segment of the “13th Five Year Plan”. While
the population in the PRC is gradually aging, the market size of the PRC healthcare industry has been increased
to nearly RMB4 trillion. This market has maintained a compound annual growth rate of over 20% in the past 5
years, and is expected to double in the next 5 years, reaching RMB8 trillion, which is nearly 10% of China’s Gross
domestic product (the “GDP”) at that time. During the Year 2016, the Group further expanded its footprint in the
healthcare and maternal and infant care business globally, and successfully acquired (i) Shenzhen Anke High-Tech
Company Limited (“Shenzhen Anke”) – a medical equipment enterprise, (ii) Guangzhou Haizhu District Life-infinity
Medical Clinic Limited (“Life-infinity”) – a high-end precision medical institution and (iii) Sparrow Early Learning
Pty Ltd. (“Sparrow Early”) – an Australian early childhood education institution, laying the foundation for further
development of the healthcare and maternal and infant care market. On the other hand, during the Year 2016,
we also successfully invested in Hin Sang Group (International) Holding Co. Ltd. (“Hin Sang”; stock code: 6893),
Medicskin Holdings Limited (“Medicskin”; stock code: 8307) – a Hong Kong medical skin care enterprise and
Nanjing Sinolife United Company Limited (“NSUCL”) (stock code: 3332) – a nutritional supplements and health
food product manufacturing enterprise. Through the aforesaid acquisition and investment activities, our healthcare
business segment has evolved to cover, among others, medical equipment development and production, medical
beauty services, infant healthcare, education and health food production and sales, etc. Through the use of
such business platform, we will be able to capture the market potential of the healthcare and maternal and infant
healthcare industry in an all-round way.
In 2017, the Group will focus on the diversification and globalization of its business in the medium and long run.
The Group will continue to focus on green and health related sectors, hinge on resource integration and business
innovation, consolidate global resources, develop talents and deepen the development of the five business
segments in new energy, tourism, healthcare, property and investment, so as to generate long-term returns for our
shareholders.
For the new energy equipment business segment, the Group will continue to leverage on the technical and
branding advantages of CHS in wind power equipment manufacturing, uphold the “going out” strategy and strive
to cooperate with more overseas large-scale wind power and industrial enterprises, with an aim to increase market
share. Under a powerful national strategy of “Made in China 2025” and considering the significant benefits arising
from clean energy development, the Group will actively consolidate, acquire and merge quality upstream and
downstream industry resources as and when opportunities arise, with a view to building a vertically integrated new
energy mechanical transmission equipment industry value chain.
For the tourism and property business segment, the Nanjing urban health life complex “Yuhua Salon（雨花客
廳）” has been independently built by the Group and has commenced presale. With a focus on investment and
operation in such segment, the property business is becoming more comprehensive with the support of green
building technology service. The hotel refurbishment project for the Sheraton project of the Group was completed
in 2016, and commenced operation in the same year. As our representative project in Australia, the Sheraton
project integrates the elements of a natural environment and health resort. Upon the refurbishment, the Group has
enriched our resort service facilities, variety of services and tourism products and will provide the services to our
customers with a brand new appearance.
For the healthcare segment, the Group will leverage on our abundant resources and network in the domestic
Chinese medicine industry in combination with the technology and branding advantages of our partners to explore
new services and new products in the maternal and infant and health food sectors. The child health center, jointly
established by the Group and Hin Sang, will commence operation in Shek Mun, Hong Kong in May 2017 and
become a health medical center specializing in providing traditional Chinese medicine philosophy integrated with
western medical concepts. In the future, we plan to open Chinese medicine hospitals and child health centers in
the PRC. Our overseas development is actively underway and the Group will continue to consolidate the resources
in medical equipment and high-end healthcare service and seek for quality target companies and partners to build
deeper cooperation relationships.
At the same time, the Group will further diversify our investment channels and capture opportunities to invest
in the global property market and property related investments through the established property fund project.
Furthermore, the Group will continue to consolidate the global resources and look for strategic partners abroad to
expand our overseas business portfolio to lay a foundation for developing the tourism and healthy living industry.
A synergetic development in the Group’s business operation and service industry is promoted through the
investment and cooperation in new energy, industrial upgrade, tourism, medical healthcare, urbanization process,
finance innovation and other sectors.
We are accumulating experience and strengths to gradually develop our business segments as we believe
that only enterprises with solid business strategies and healthy financial positions may achieve sustainable
development amid economic uncertainty. The Group has always upheld an open and transparent management
operation philosophy, healthy capital structure and financial policy and an open attitude to consider suggestions
from shareholders so as to enable all shareholders to participate in corporate governance, whereby making
the Company stronger as a whole. Meanwhile, we will continue to concentrate on the development of the five
segments, namely new energy, tourism, healthcare, property and investment, continue to seek opportunities for
mergers and acquisitions and to enhance our strengths to maximize the values for our shareholders.
We are always committed to the principle of “growing the business and sharing profits together”. Making every
partner and shareholder successful not only is the development philosophy that we consistently advocate and
adhere to implement, but also originates from our mission of jointly establishing a strategic and synergistic platform
to develop our business with our partners. In the future, the Group will continue to develop the industry value chain
and to establish closer strategic relationships with high quality partners to nurture more successful enterprises and
entrepreneurs so as to maximize the values for our shareholders.
Ji Changqun
Chairman of the Board
Hong Kong, 30 March 2017