C H A I R M A N S S T A T E M E N T R I D I N G T H E W A v E S W I T H C L E A R D I R E C T I O N 2015 was a tough year, with the second half particularly challenging. Nevertheless, we were able to achieve relatively good results. We work hard to serve our customers and our customers customers. We help our customers stay competitive through increased efficiency and reduced costs. We are providing more sophisticated, multi-country solutions to them in an expanding global network.
Greater China remains at our core. Despite the current slowdown, mass consumption continues to grow. Going forward, we are guided by China s 13th five-year plan. With the progressive implementation of One Belt One Road , we see China steadily integrating the economies of its neighbours in an ever-widening circle.
Kerry Logistics is becoming the major logistics provider for both the overland and maritime Silk Roads of the 21st Century. As Asia s leading 3PL specialist, we are rapidly building a range of capabilities in Southeast Asia, taking advantage of ASEAN s economic integration. We are also expanding our presence in South Asia (especially India), Middle East and Central Asia (including Russia).
In recent months, uncertainties in the Chinese economy reverberated worldwide, which shows the growing importance of China and wider Asia to the global economy. In the coming years, the biggest growth in global logistics is intra-Asian and between Asia and the rest of the world. Kerry Logistics is well-positioned for this growth. We are systematically widening our network in Europe, the Americas and Africa to improve the logistics support for growing Asian trade with the rest of the world.
Our key strength is internal our people and our culture. As our business expands, we take in experienced industry professionals with good reputations. We also recruit management trainees of different nationalities and backgrounds, speaking different languages. We imbue them with a corporate ethos based on meritocracy, emphasising integrity and service to customers. By internalising diversity within Kerry Logistics, we help our customers cross borders and 
While we expect the coming year to be a difficult one, we also see an opportunity to serve our customers better. In difficult times, management attention is naturally focused on cutting cost and improving productivity. Good logistics can make a decisive difference. The strengths of Kerry Logistics are more obvious during challenging times. We have every intention to ride the waves and streak ahead.

