C H A I R M A N S S T A T E M E N T D E E P E N I N G S T R E N G T H S F O R T H E N E W S I L K R O A D Despite challenges last year caused mainly by volatility in the global economic environment, Kerry Logistics managed to increase its core net profit by 10% to HK$976 million on turnover of HK$21,115 
China s economy is growing at a slower pace which is more sustainable for the longer term.
Restructuring continues with coastal China becoming more expensive. This had led to an outflow of manufacturing, on the one hand, to inland provinces and, on the other, to Southeast Asia and beyond. The integration of China s economy with its neighbours is a major trend which can be seen in increased intra-Asian trade and growing cross-border logistics. The combined economy of China and its neighbours is becoming the central growth pole in the world. Kerry Logistics is uniquely positioned as Asia Specialist, China Focus, Global Network to embrace this changing trend. We have the ambition to become a major logistics provider for the new Silk Road, both overland and maritime, alongside the One Belt One Road development initiative.
In Greater China, Kerry Logistics is broadening and deepening its capabilities. We have expanded our presence in Western China and are penetrating more third-tier cities. We are improving our links to China s neighbours in all directions. We are moving into new areas like pharmaceutical and healthcare.
Across the length and breadth of China, we are adding long hauls giving us a dense network of trunk lines. We are benefiting from the booming growth of e-commerce in China down to order fulfillment at the warehouse level and for last-mile delivery of quality products. In Shanghai, we are constructing our flagship logistics facility.
Southeast Asia is experiencing a second wave of growth. In Mainland Southeast Asia, we are integrating our national operations, filling in gaps in Cambodia, Malaysia and elsewhere. In archipelagic Southeast Asia, we now have a major partner for growth in Indonesia. We intend to expand our presence in the Philippines as well.
We are gradually widening our network of express delivery in the entire region.
Under Prime Minister Modi, new opportunities have opened up in India. Kerry Logistics, together with its partner INDEV, will invest more in India to serve our customers better.
In order to strengthen our global network, we are acquiring or investing in companies in different countries, recently in the Middle East, Canada, New Zealand and Senegal. We will continue doing this judiciously. This will help us serve our customers better especially international customers who need regional or global supply chain solutions. A broader international customer base also enables us to ride economic cycles and sustain long-term growth to reward shareholders.
Kerry Logistics ability to help customers manage complex supply chains depends critically on the ability of our people to work across national and cultural domains with integrity and flexibility.
Every year, we recruit a number of promising management trainees from different countries and cultures and imbue them with a common corporate ethos. It is the diversity within Kerry Logistics which enables us to help our customers grapple with the complexities of globalised supply chains.

