On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report that the Group performed remarkably well during the year with Profit Attributable to Shareholders growing by 15% to reach a record high of HK$4.6 billion despite the fact that the global economy remained overshadowed by uncertainties and market volatility. The Group s diversified portfolio of high quality infrastructure assets generated outstanding performance and growth under the Infrastructure division, particularly in the Roads and Water segments. The Facilities Management segment under Services division continued to produce high level of profitability and cash flow by capitalizing on Hong Kong s vibrant retail market and unique strength as an international business hub and tourist destination.
In line with the corporate strategy in streamlining its business structure, the Group announced the completion of the divestment of certain non-core service businesses through a management buyout in June 2011, which realized an exceptional gain of HK$343.9 million for the year. Despite the divestment, the Group still managed to enhance both profitability and margins thereby demonstrating the underlying strength of the Group s core businesses and long-term competitiveness. The strong growth in FY2011 also confirms that the Group has a well- established and integrated business model to maximize cash flow and ensure optimal development of growth 
To share the outstanding results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.33 per share was proposed, representing a payout ratio of 50.7%.
Continuous rewards from defensive 
The Group has continued to apply its experience and strength in identifying, operating and expanding infrastructure projects in areas that will benefit from economic growth in the near term. This is evident from the most promising growth in Attributable Operating Profit ( AOP ) under the Roads and Water segments of 118% and 28% respectively.
Although part of the increase in AOP under the Roads segment was caused by the extra profit distribution of approximately HK$387.5 million in Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section) and the increased revenue of Guangzhou Northern Ring Road after its partial closure for major repairs and maintenance in the preceding financial year, the overall traffic volume for most of the projects also increased in line with local economic 
The Water segment, with its high growth rate and prospective outlook, will remain a high priority within the Group s core investment. The Group will continue to add new water projects to its existing portfolio.
The downturn in AOP under the Energy segment was mainly caused by surging fuel costs since the end of 2009. As the demand for electricity remains strong, the Group will endeavour to further improve the operational efficiency of individual power plants to ensure a reasonable rate of return.
The Group s strategy to strengthen and streamline its core businesses has contributed to its record-breaking profit as the Group strives to develop potential opportunities in the best interest of our shareholders.
Solid performance from streamlined Services division on home turf The Group s Services division continued to generate strong recurring and profitable stream of income for the Group. Notwithstanding the absence of contribution from the disposed engineering and mechanical and several services businesses and Haitong International Securities Group Limited which became an associated company in December 2009, the AOP of the Services division still experienced 3% growth. The Facilities Management segment also performed superbly with the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre taking full advantage of its Atrium Link Extension and Free Duty benefitting from the high throughput at cross- border terminals. The overall results of the Services division was however partly affected by inflationary pressure experienced by Construction & Transport segment, including costs of building materials, labour 
Relentless effort in building a gateway for sustainable growth and profitability During the year, the Group held a majority interest in Newton Resources Ltd ( Newton Resources ), which owns and operates a major privately-owned iron ore mine in Hebei Province in Mainland China. On 4 July 2011, shares of Newton Resources were listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
As a development project, Newton Resources will in time become a significant iron ore producer thereby enhancing the overall performance of the Group.
Between July and September 2011, the Group acquired a total of approximately 58.66% effective interest in Hangzhou Ring Road, an expressway situated in Hangzhou City in Mainland China with a total length of 103.4 km. As an operating road with high traffic volume and concession rights ending in 2029, this acquisition is expected to make significant contribution to the Group by boosting the existing portfolio of roads assets and bringing significant revenue during the concession 
China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited ( CUIRC ) is making good progress in developing its network of rail container terminals. With eight out of 18 terminals in operation, its aggregate throughput surpassed 1.25 million TEUs during the year. Tianjin and Harbin terminals, which form part of the phase two development, are under construction preparation. In view of the potential growth in rail intermodal transportation in Mainland China and concession period lasting 50 years, the Group has strong confidence in the long- term success of CUIRC.
To strengthen our war-chest and to take advantage of investment opportunities particularly in Mainland China and high growth areas, the Group raised approximately RMB1 billion from a bond issue on 14 July 2011.
Right path for sustainability The fact that the Group highly values corporate social responsibility is well demonstrated through our long-term commitment in organizing environmental protection campaigns and supporting community service projects. We proudly held the NWS Hong Kong Geo Wonders Hike for the third consecutive year to promote geoconservation in Hong Kong. The campaign garnered Silver Award under the Environmental Protection category in the Ninth China Golden Awards for Excellence in Public Relations in recognition of the Group s unceasing efforts in arousing environmental awareness amongst the public.
A word of thanks Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank all our staff and management team for their wholehearted commitment and dedication and my fellow Board members for their unwavering support and leadership.
There is no doubt that our excellent teamwork and spirits will continue to lead us to exciting new heights 
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 28 September 2011 