CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2015 annual report (the Annual Report ) of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2015 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB9,845,695,000, representing an increase of approximately 20.8% from 2014. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,033,097,000, representing an increase of approximately 395.7% from 2014.
The gross profit margin for the year was 32.5%, representing an increase of 7.4 percentage points from last year.
The Company continued to lead domestic wind power equipment industry by focusing on customers need, keeping up with market demand, and optimizing product mix and cost control to sharpen its core competitive edge. The Company also proactively restructured its industrial gear transmission equipment business. As a result, remarkable results over the overall performance of the industry was achieved for 2015.
In 2015, the global economy was under intensive adjustment. China s economy has entered into a new normal stage with lower growth rate and started to seek for relief from its reliance on manufacturing industry. In this regard, the deliveries of equipment manufacturing industry products were also affected. In contrast, the wind power industry has gradually entered into a rational and mature development stage following the phase-out of most excessive capacities through intensified industry consolidation during the past few years. According to preliminary statistics of Chinese Wind Energy Association, new installed capacity of wind power in China increased by 31.5% year on year to 30.5GW in 2015. By the end of 2015, the total installed capacity exceeded 145GW, representing an increase of 26.6% as compared with last year. The total installed capacity of 145GW was substantially greater than the target of installed capacity of 100GW set under the Twelfth Five-year Plan for Wind Power .
Driven by the new installed wind power capacity of approximately 30.5GW in China, the global wind power industry recorded a new installed wind power capacity of 63.0GW, achieving a market growth of 22% for the year. According to the latest statistics of the Global Wind Energy Council ( WYTg), by the end of 2015, the total global installed capacity of wind power reached 432.4GW, representing an increase of 17% for the year. Moreover, leveraging on the excellent results of markets for new installed capacity, China has surpassed the European Union and ranked first in the world in terms of total installed capacity of wind power. Under China s definite direction to lower wind power tariff in the next two years, winder power will be more competitive in terms of tariff and reliability.
Therefore, winder power is leading the reform of transforming fossil energy to clean energy not only in China but also in the world.
Throughout 2015, the growth of global economy has experienced a downturn, while domestic demand for wind power equipment increased. Benefiting from business restructuring, the Group s revenue of wind power transmission equipment products increased by 34.5% year on year to RMB780 million, the highest on record. The Group has captured about 60% market share (excluding direct-drive technology) in Mainland China. During the Period under Review, the Group, in addition to supplying large and diverse wind power gear boxes to its customers, also succeeded in the research and development of 5MW and 6MW wind power gear boxes and reserved relevant technologies. In terms of technical level, the Group has kept abreast with international competitors. The Group also established good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including GE Energy, Nordex, Vestas, Senvion, Hitachi, Alstom Wind, Suzlon, Goldwind ( y b), Sinovel ( ), Guangdong Mingyang (qgf}), Shanghai Electric ( Nwm#l), Guodian United ( WoT) and Dongfang Electric (qge#l). It also continued to present its high quality service integrated with products, maintenance, technique supports and sales to overseas customers through its wholly-owned subsidiaries in the US, Germany, Singapore and Canada. Furthermore, the significant improvement in recognition from overseas customers enabled the Group s No. 1 position in the world in terms of deliveries remained. In the future, the Group will continue to focus on product quality, enhance its international competitiveness to expand overseas markets while keeping its leading market share in domestic market, and sharpen its leading edge, striving to bring its overseas sales to similar level with its domestic sales in five years.
Meanwhile, the Group implemented optimized and lean management policies and adapted development direction for its industrial gear transmission equipment business. During the Period under Review, affected by the slowdown of macro economy, the revenue of industrial gear transmission equipment products decreased by 7.6% year on year to RMB122 million, while the gross profit margin increased by 0.8 percentage points year on year. Starting from 2015, the Group adjusted its future development strategies and has stripped the mining machinery business and disposed of 83.61% equity interest in Nanjing Gaochuan Electrical & Mechanical Auto Control Equipment Co., Ltd.* (WSNP_jRc6R-P gPlQS), one of its subsidiaries, respectively, allowing the Group to allocate more resources to its core gear business and achieve optimal distribution of resources. In the future, in the industrial gear business segment, the Group will complete its quality control system by improving its production process and implementing the strategies of standardized and modularized production, and further promote the design and development of new products, with the aim to bring this business segment to a new stage and make the Group a strong competitor to manufacturers of imported equipment in three to five years.
During the Period under Review, on the basis of business restructuring, the Group has taken prudent and practical capital management and repaid part of its loans making interest on loans decreased by approximately 13.3% year on year, achieving a strategic synergy between business development and capital management and an optimized financial structure for the Group.
Looking ahead in future, according to forecast from various channels, the target set for 2020 under the Thirteenth Five-year Plan for Wind Power will be raised from 200GW set under the Twelfth Five-year Plan for Wind Power and is projected to reach 250-280GW. Renewables portfolio standards are expected to be issued in near future.
The implementation of a series of policies indicates that China s wind power industry will obtain sustainable development in 2020. As a result, a favorable external environment is created for the Group s future development, enabling dominant enterprises to demonstrate their advantages in brand influence, financial strength, and technical innovation. Furthermore, the Group will continue to increase and enhance its gear transmission business. In the future, we will also seek for development in overseas market to expand our international operation and continue to enhance business quality and economy of scale. The Group believes that, with our efficient business structure and sense of fiduciary duties to shareholders, the Company will be able to accurately capture market opportunities and become a leading enterprise in the gear transmission industry.
I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management, the Board, all staff, shareholders and investors who have contributed to and put faith in the Group as well as our business partners who have been supportive of the 
18 March 2016 