CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
I am pleased to present the 2016 annual report (the “Annual Report”) of China High Speed Transmission Equipment
Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”). For the year ended 31 December 2016 (the “Period under Review”), the
Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) recorded sales revenue of approximately
RMB8,966,049,000, representing a decrease of approximately 8.9% from 2015. Profit attributable to owners of
the Company was approximately RMB1,108,995,000, representing an increase of approximately 7.3% from 2015.
The Group continued to lead domestic wind power equipment industry by focusing on customers’ need, keeping
abreast of market demand, and optimizing product mix and cost control to sharpen our core competitive edges.
The Company also proactively anchored its business to the industrial gear transmission equipment industry. As a
result, remarkable results over the overall performance of the industry was achieved for 2016. During the Period
under Review, the Group was honorably awarded the title of one of the “Top Enterprise Models” in the first round
assessment of manufacturing business by MIIT.
In 2016, the global economy continued to grow slowly and sluggish recovery was seen in many sectors. Despite
these “new normal” phenomena, the PRC maintained its mid-to-high single digit growth while seeking to make
progress in structural reform of the supply front by optimization of its industrial structure. Equipment manufacturing
industry was benefited and saw a solid growth momentum. Regarding to wind power industry, according to
data from Chinese Wind Energy Association, in respect wind power for the country, the newly installed capacity
amounted to 23.4GW for the year and the cumulative installed capacity by the end of 2016 amounted to 168.7GW,
representing a decline of 24% year-on-year and a growth of 16% year-on-year, respectively. According to “Thirteenth
Five-Year Plan”, the initial planned wind power grid-connected capacity will be 210GW, of which the initial planned
offshore wind power capacity will then be 5GW.
As clean energy investment in the PRC faltered in 2016, worldwide spending in clean energy cooled down last year.
According to a report from Bloomberg New Energy Finance, the total investment in the global clean energy sector in
2016 was US$287.5 billion, down 18% from 2015 year on year. However, thanks to the development of large scale
wind turbine and improvement of construction technology, the global investment in offshore wind power reached a
record high in 2016, with a total investment of US$29.9 billion, an increase of 40% over 2015. Meanwhile, contrary
to the decline in total investment, clean energy new capacity in the world was not reduced. Globally, new wind
capacity was increased by 56.5GW in 2016, which is the second fastest expansion besides 2015. In response to
the widespread popularity of intermittent clean energy systems, the PRC and the whole world were working on wind
power grid construction, with a focus on handling overcapacity and promotion of power market reform to optimize
the allocation of renewable energy power, so as to help renewable energy to play its full potential.
Looking back to 2016, against the backdrop of global economy slowdown, as a leading wind gear transmission
equipment manufacturer in the world, the Group implemented business structure adjustments, and acquired a
revenue of approximately RMB7,362,287,000 from wind power transmission equipment products. During the
Period under Review, in addition to provision of large wind power gear boxes to its customers, the Group furthered
the effectiveness of 5MW and 6MW wind power gear box transmission equipment, aligning with its international
competitors in terms of technological level. Moreover, the Group launched NGC StanGear, the first serialized
product platform for main gear boxes and yaw and pitch drives in the world as well as introduced a wind gear
transmission box status monitoring system, leading the development of the industry. The Group also established
good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including GE Renewable
Energy, Nordex, Senvion, Unison, Suzlon, Inbox Wind, Guodian United (國電聯合), Guangdong Mingyang (廣東明
陽), Windey (運達風電), Shanghai Electric (上海電氣), Envision Energy (遠景能源), Dongfang Electric (東方電氣) and
Goldwind (金 風 科 技). We had delivered around 50,000 wind power main gear boxes and 300,000 yaw and pitch
drives to approximately 40 major plants located in over 30 countries and regions, capturing a global market share of
over 29%.
The Group’s high quality products and good services are widely recognized and trusted by domestic and overseas
customers. Through relentless efforts of our wholly-owned subsidiaries in the US, Germany, Singapore and Canada
and abiding by our sustainable development strategy, the Group strives for closer interactions and conversations
with customers abroad. Recently, a wholly-owned subsidiary has been newly established in India to capture
opportunities in emerging markets and further extend our diversified services to clients around the globe. In the
future, provision of high quality products will still be the thrust of our business. While maintaining the dominate
domestic market share, the Group will continue to pursue for global expansion by sharpening our edges to compete
in international markets and to extend our leading position.
Further, as a global leader in wind gear transmission equipment, the Group always endeavors to render valueadded
solutions to customers for fostering a healthier and sustainable development for the entire wind power
industry. During the Period under Review, the Group formally launched 3.X MW platform gear box products which
were developed specifically for the low wind speed market. Also, we successfully developed and established NGC
StanGear, a serialized product platform for wind energy gear boxes which can reduce the cost of research and
development of new products and shorten the development cycle, demonstrating our competitive advantage in lowcost
and rapid launching of products.
During the Period under Review, in response to uncertainties in global economy and excess production capacity in
the PRC’s equipment industry, the Group adjusted our development strategy in the business of traditional industrial
gear transmission equipment. By utilization of self-developed technology, most of our new products emphasized
features like energy saving and environmental friendliness. The products were standardized and modularized in
order to boost sales. Marketing efforts in sales of components and parts were strengthened to enhance customers’
existing production efficiency as well as to consolidate our position as a major supplier in traditional industrial
transmission products. In addition, a fast feedback mechanism was set up to handle deliveries to clients, optimizing
an integrated operation system which incorporates sales, research and development and production functions. On
the basis of business restructuring, the Group adopted a prudent and pragmatic approach in capital management,
achieving a strategic synergy between business development and capital management and an optimized financial
structure for the Group.
Looking ahead, as wind power policies under “Thirteenth Five-Year Plan” and new energy development policies will
be rolling out, the wind power industry has already pulled together its resources and got ready for future growth.
It is expected there will be more positive measures for downstream wind power equipment manufacture market.
This is a favorable external environment for the development of our Group. Innovative business like us can realize
its potentials in branding, sufficient funding, technological innovation, etc. The Group will keep on strengthening
our gear transmission business model in terms of both size and capability under our new development strategy to
enjoy economies of scale and render high quality products and services. By our prudent and pragmatic operational
strategy, efficient business structure and a great sense of responsibility to our shareholders, it is certain that the
Group is able to secure forthcoming market opportunities and continue to propel the development of the industry.
During the Period under Review, Fullshare Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 607 (“Fullshare”), a company incorporated
in the Cayman Islands with limited liability), through its wholly-owned subsidiary, made a voluntary conditional share
exchange offer to acquire all of the issued shares of the Group. As at 31 December 2016, Fullshare and parties
acting in concert with it indirectly held approximately 74.99% shareholding in the Company. The Group has excellent
standing in the industry and is regarded highly by investors, and we wish the cooperation will take our business
to the next level. Through the share exchange, the Group is enabled to share the international network and fund
raising platform of Fullshare. In respect of the future business development and merger and acquisition projects of
the Group, Fullshare can also fully support us by sharing its experiences and expertise in finance and organization
matters.
I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management and all staff of the Group, and the board (the “Board”)
of directors (the “Director(s)”), shareholders and investors of the Company who have contributed to and put faith in
the Group as well as our business partners who have been supportive of the Group.
Hu Yueming
Chairman
30 March 2017