Chairman s Statement I am pleased to present the 2008 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2008 (the period under review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded a turnover of approximately RMB3,439,220,000, representing an increase of approximately 80.6% over 2007; Net profit was approximately RMB692,415,000, representing an increase of 125.8% over last year; The gross profit margin for the year was 28.8%. The Group s stable growth over the previous year was attributable to the hard work and dedication of our staff and the confidence in and support to us from all circles. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to shareholders, investors, management members, members of the board of directors and all our staff.
During the period under review, products sales of each principal business segment of the Group grew steadily: sales of wind gear transmission equipment grew by 151.0% to RMB1,800,766,000 and its capacity was expanded to approximately 3,500 MW during the period under review. Such a growth were due to the significant world demand for renewable energy, and the proactive policies and measures adopted by the PRC government to encourage the use of renewable energy and green power generation which led to the increasing domestic demand for wind gear transmission equipment. The marine gear transmission equipment segment continued to grow. Owing to the further cooperation with ZF China Investment Co., Ltd. ( ZF China ), a company affiliated to Germany ZF Company, to further strengthen its efforts in the sales on international markets, sales revenue of marine gear transmission equipment increased by 193.4% to RMB397,954,000. The economic stimulus package initiated by the government supporting the infrastructure projects benefited our gear transmission equipment for light rails and high-speed rails segment. Traditional transmission products segment also recorded stable growth, with its sales revenue increased by 17.9% to RMB1,240,500,000.
During the period under review, the Group made breakthroughs in technological research and development. With regard to wind gear transmission equipment, the Group has commenced bulk production of the 1.5MW gear box jointly developed by the Group and GE. The 2.5 MW gear box jointly developed with GE entered into an experiment stage, and is planned to commence commercial production in 2010 upon success in experiment. The testing of the 3.0 MW gear box jointly developed with Goldwind is expected to be completed by end of 2009. With regard to gear transmission equipment for light rails and high-speed rails, the products of the Company passed the testing by ALSTOM Group in April 2008, and have been installed in the high-speed trains in places such as Beijing, Shanghai and Nanjing for field testing.
During the period under review, the Group penetrated further into overseas markets. Exports sales increased by 140.0% to RMB754,280,000 over last year. Currently, the export sales of the Group mainly derived from wind gear transmission equipment and marine gear transmission equipment. In respect of international customers, in addition to the existing international customers such as GE Energy, RE Power and Nordex, the Company also entered into contracts with Vestas this year, and commenced supply of relevant products to them from 2009. During the period under review, overseas sales accounted for 21.9% of the total sales, evidencing the quality of our products has attained the international level and won recognition from various customers. Measures taken by the Chinese government to drive domestic demand also led to a significant increase in the demand for wind gears, or even a short supply of wind gears, in China. In addition, the Company entered into a sales order with Sinovel, a large domestic wind turbine manufacturer, to commence supply from 2009.
In view of the sustained and fast business growth of the Group and its full confidence towards the future, the Company issued convertible bonds in May 2008 and entered into an equity swap contract with a term of three years with the lead manager to hedge the risks brought by the share price increasing to a level above the initial price. The issue was beneficial to the business growth of the Group under the then prevailing market condition. However, the financial tsunami together with the fact that some companies suffered losses from their investments involving derivatives aroused market concerns over the activities of enterprises in this regard. To remove investors worries and for the best interests of the Group and the shareholders, the Group decided to further purchase bonds through over-the-counter transactions at a time when the market valuation of bonds was attractive. Currently, the Company has purchased approximately 42.5% of the bonds. During the period under review, by virtue of its strong strengths and sound financial condition, the Group successfully turned crisis into opportunities and recorded a revenue of approximately RMB107,941,000 from the repurchase of convertible bonds, which helped to redeem the market 
In addition to the confidence vote cast by investors, the Company also received support form State leaders with a number of State leaders paying visits to the plants of the Group, details of which are: " On 10 January 2009, Premier Wen Jiabao paid a visit to the plants of the Company during his inspection tour to Jiangsu 
" On 2 February 2009, Vice Premier Wang Qishan paid a visit to the plants of the Company with a group of officers.
" On 31 October 2008, Vice Premier Zhang Dejiang paid a visit to the plants of the Company during his inspection tour to 
" On 13 February 2009, State Council member Liu Yandong paid a visit to the plants of the Company.
" Mr. Zhang Guobao, head of the Chinese National Energy Administration, paid visits to the Company on 20 September 
The rapid development of the Group in recent years is highly appreciated and recognized by superordinate leaders, who have also expressed their support and appreciation for the sustained growth achieved by the Group amidst the financial crisis.
Looking forward, the exploitation of renewable energy will be a global focus. As the new U.S. president Barack Obama plans to invest US$ 150 billion in ten years to boost the development of renewable energy, the Chinese government will also make continuous efforts to develop wind power facilities. Furthermore, the National Development and Reform Commission announced at the national development and reform work conference that it will make vigorous efforts to support the equipment manufacturing industry, and the Group was granted earlier by the government an interest subsidy of RMB 25 million. Besides, the Chinese government will proactively facilitate the construction of high-speed passenger transport network between cities pursuant to the Eleventh Five-year Plan, which is beneficial to the development of the light rail and high-speed rail gear equipment business of the Group.
In 2009, the Group will continue to increase its domestic and overseas sales. Meanwhile, the Group will adjust the supply quota for overseas and domestic customers when necessary to cope with the rising domestic demand for wind gear equipment. The Group will endeavour to optimise product mix, increase the growth points of its business revenue, enhance its industrial competitiveness internationally and continue to make proactive efforts on research and development and market expansion by leveraging on its advantages in a fluctuating market, so as to become a leading international transmission equipment supplier and bring maximum returns for its shareholders.

17 April 2009 