Chairman s Statement 
Develop renewable energy and create endless power I am pleased to present the first annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd, (the Company ) after its listing on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ). For the year ended 31 December 2007, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded turnover of approximately RMB1,904,816,000, representing a substantial increase of 60.8% over 2006. Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent was approximately RMB 306,693,000, representing a significant increase of 258.1% over last year. The gross profit margin for the year was 29%.
During the period, the Group achieved remarkable performance with its net profit far exceeding the profit forecast of not less than RMB180,000,000 made by the Company in the prospectus ( Prospectus ) published on 20 June 2007.
The Company was listed on the Stock Exchange on 4 July 2007 ( Listing Date ) with an unprecedented success due to overwhelming market responses. Its public offering was 692 times oversubscribed and raised a net proceeds of approximately HK$2.4 billion, marking its successful entry into the international capital market.
Besides, the Group successfully introduced a major strategic investor, GE Capital Equity Investments Limited, as its shareholder in February 2007. As a leading supplier of mechanical transmission equipment for wind turbines in the PRC that focuses on development in the international market, the Company s listing and introduction of international strategic investors help raise the level of corporate governance that is in line with international standards and facilitate the Company s overseas expansion.
As the leading producer in the transmission equipment business in China, the Company achieved outstanding performance in 2007. During the year, driven by the strong demand for gear transmission equipment in wind power and marine industries, our traditional gear transmission equipment and the wind and marine gear transmission equipment recently developed by the Group recorded substantial growth and gave a major impetus to the improving results. The sales of the Group s wind gear transmission equipment for the period under review increased by 125.8% to approximately RMB 717,370,000, with a production capacity of 1,300MW. The increase was mainly attributable to proactive policies and measures adopted by the PRC government to encourage the use of renewable and clean energy including wind power for power generation. For instance, the Renewable Energy Law promulgated in 2006 by the PRC government stipulate a number of policy support measures that focus on the development and use of renewable energy including wind power for power generation. With the commencement of operations of the joint venture ZF Nanjing Marine Propulsion Co., Ltd ( ZF Nanjing ) which is established by the Group and ZF (China) Investment Co., Ltd. ( ZF China ) and mainly engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of the mechanical transmission equipment for vessels by the third quarter of 2007, turnover of marine gear transmission equipment increased by approximately 42 times to approximately RMB 135,646,000.
Capitalizing on its position as a leading mechanical transmission equipment supplier in the PRC, the Group successfully bolstered its overseas business during the year. Our export business increased by 127.5% to approximately RMB 314,229,000 as compared with last year. Currently, our export sales mainly comprise the entire sales of marine gear transmission equipment and accounting for approximately 20.7% of total export sales of the sales of wind gear transmission equipment. The substantial increase in overseas orders is inspiring as it proves that our product quality is of international standard and recognised by our major clients.
Looking forward, the Group is committed to increasing cooperation with international partners, further developing new overseas markets and advancing its research and development and production technology. In the long run, we aim to increase the overseas sales to 50% of the total sales. Meanwhile, the Group is dedicated to optimising product mix, increasing the growth points of our business revenue and enhancing our industrial competitiveness internationally. In order to achieve economies of scale, the Group will focus on upstream business development to optimise upstream supply chains.
We believe the Group s major business will continue to benefit from favourable market conditions such as the increasing awareness of environmental protection in China and rising demand for renewable energy in future boosted by national economic growth. Meanwhile, the Company will closely monitor the development of light rail and high-speed rail market in China as the government will proactively facilitate the construction of high-speed passenger transport network between cities under the Eleventh Five-year Plan. The Group will capitalise on its leading position in China and grasp opportunities to develop into a major international transmission equipment supplier and maximise returns for our shareholders.
The Group s exceptional growth over the previous year was attributable to the hard work and dedication of our staff. Their devotion is the driving force for our continuous improvement. I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to shareholders and investors for their support. I would also like to extend my gratitude for the contributions of the management, members of the board of directors ( Board ) and all our staff.

21 April 2008 