CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2009 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2009 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB5,647,045,000, representing an increase of approximately 64.2% over 2008. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately 966,377,000, representing an increase of 39.6% over last year, or an increase of 129.3% over last year if excluding the changes in fair values of convertible bonds and gain on equity swap and the related transaction cost. The gross profit margin for the year was 33.0%. Despite the volatile and challenging global market environment, the Group managed to achieve remarkable results in 2009 due to the hard work and dedication of our staff and the support from all circles. I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to shareholders, investors, management members, members of the board of directors and all our staff.
Although the operating environment remained uncertain last year, the Group was able to maintain stable growth by leveraging on our diversified business development, prudent business strategies, research and development efforts as well as flexible marketing strategies. The global economy began to turnaround at the beginning of 2009. The Group grasped the market opportunity to consolidate its leading position as the largest supplier of wind power gear boxes in the PRC.
During the Period under Review, products sales of each principal business segment of the Group were remarkable: Sales of wind gear transmission equipment, the Group s major product, grew by 111.3% to RMB3,805,074,000 during the Period under Review. The production capacity of wind power gear equipment also expanded to over the target of 6,000 MW. The PRC government has adopted a series of proactive policies and measures to encourage the use of renewable and clean energy for power generation. Recently, the National Development and Reform Commission proposed to increase the planned capacity of wind power generator from 100,000 MW to 150,000 MW by 2020. According to the resolutions of the Standing Committee of the State Council of China tabled at the Copenhagen Climate Summit, China has decided to reduce emission to GDP ratio by 40% to 45% by 2020 from that of 2005. The use of green power is also encouraged and supported by many countries. Demand for wind power gear equipment kept increasing.
Driven by the government s national railway construction program, the railway equipment market will grow at a fast pace.
The light rail and high-speed train transmission equipment segment will be the major growth point of the Company. Owing to its efforts in research and development of light rail and high-speed train gear equipment, the Group successfully launched a number of innovative products which obtained a number of patents and certifications. During the Period under Review, the light rail and high-speed train transmission equipment segment began to contribute profit.
With regard to the marine gear transmission equipment segment, in response to the market changes resulting from the global economic crisis, the Group further developed the PRC market so as to offset the decline in demand from Europe due to economic downturn. During the Period under Review, sales revenue of this segment decreased by 47.3% to RMB209,579,000. Traditional transmission products segment maintained its growth with its sales revenue increased by 30.4% to RMB1,618,113,000.
During the Period under Review, the Group made breakthroughs in technology research and development. As at the end of 2009, the Group has made applications for 133 patents and 97 patents were granted. Production and sale of 1.5MW and 2.5MW wind transmission equipment increased significantly. Significant progress was made in the research and development of large type 3MW wind transmission equipment, which will further propel the Group s growth. In longer terms, the Group will focus on the development of high-speed and light rail train transmission equipment to capitalise on the huge opportunity in railway industry. The Group will also put efforts in the research and development of electrical transmission equipment and the application of electromechanical integration so as to enhance the value of the Company.
During the Period under Review, the Group penetrated further into the domestic market when the economy of the PRC recovered. Domestic sales increased by 79.1% to RMB4,808,948,000 over last year. Export sales maintained a steady growth and increased by 11.1% to RMB838,097,000 over last year. The Group will flexibly reallocate its sales and marketing resources in accordance with the demands from domestic and overseas markets so as to maximise the revenue of the Company. Currently, the export sales of the Group mainly derived from wind gear transmission equipment and marine gear transmission equipment. Our international customers include GE Energy, Vestas, RE Power, Nordex and Fuji Heavy, which is a proof that the quality of our products has attained an international level and won recognition from various customers.
During the Period under Review, overseas sales revenue accounted for approximately 14.8% of the total sales. Measures taken by the PRC government to drive domestic demand also led to a significant increase in the domestic demand for wind gears. In 2009, the Company began to provide products to Sinovel, a major domestic wind turbine manufacturer, and Vestas, a major foreign wind turbine manufacturer.
The exploitation of renewable energy will continue to be the global focus as awareness of environmental protection and concerns for the natural environment keep increasing. Accordingly, the central government has launched a series of policies to support the development of alternative energy industries, such as the guarantee of connecting wind power generation to national power grids and proposed development of intelligent power grids. It is expected that the PRC government will introduce more supportive measures according to its commitments made at the Copenhagen Climate Summit. It is believed that the wind power gear transmission equipment industry in the PRC will have very strong growth.
Furthermore, the PRC government has decided to construct a high-speed passenger railway network to connect all major cities pursuant to the Eleventh Five-year Plan. The railway related equipment market is expected to grow at a rapid pace until 2013 and onwards when more railway facilities are put into operation, which is beneficial to the development of the light rail and high-speed rail gear equipment business of the Group.
Under this favourable environment, the Group plans to expand its production capacity in wind power transmission equipment to approximately 9,000MW by 2010 by capitalising on the opportunities arising from economic recovery. The Group will endeavour to optimise its product mix, increase the growth points of its business revenue, enhance its industrial competitiveness internationally and continue to make proactive efforts on research and development and market expansion by leveraging on its advantages as the industry pioneer, so as to become a leading international transmission equipment supplier and bring maximum returns for its shareholders.

16 April 2010 