Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,
I have pleasure in reporting that the Group delivered
another year of solid financial results with remarkable
revenue and earnings growth. Our proactive and
pragmatic investment philosophy and approach saw
a 15% increase in profit attributable to shareholders
in FY2017, reaching a record high of HK$5.629 billion.
This is a reflection of the success of the Group’s
business strategy in staying diversified and
disciplined, which enables the Group to achieve
sustainable growth in the face of economic volatilities
and geopolitical uncertainties.
Sustainable Growth Intact
Following the slowdown in 2016, the global economy
has steadily regained traction as both advanced
and developing economies have enjoyed increased
market activities. Notwithstanding the long awaited
slight increase in interest rate by the United States
Federal Reserve Bank, the monetary policies of
Central Banks around the world have remained
largely calm. The overall global economy appears
to have entered 2017 on a firmer footing despite
lingering concerns for the United States’ growing
protectionism stance and heightened geopolitical
confrontations across the world.
China is on track to attaining, and so far has
succeeded, the 2017 growth target of 6.5% by
a basket of economic and financial measures,
including tighter control on leverage for financial
activities and property markets and rebalancing
the supply side of economic activities. There
continues to be an emphasis on the shift of
economy from being investment/export oriented to
consumption-driven. The Central Government
remains committed to measures to contain
financial vulnerabilities without sacrificing growth.
This transition calls for on-going structural
reforms and foreign investments to participate in
value-added developments in various key sectors,
including transportation, healthcare, logistics and
environmental services. As a long-term investor
and operator in infrastructure projects in Mainland
China, the Group looks forward to leveraging its
expertise and multi-faceted investment capabilities
to capitalize on business opportunities arising from
China’s continuing economic growth.
Under various national initiatives in promoting
sustainable development in China, the Group’s
China-based infrastructure projects continue to
benefit from a higher level of economic activities
in the country. Riding on the directives to improve
transportation connectivity and expand the highway
system, the Roads segment benefits from rising
urbanization and commercial activities. The recent
opening of the Tianjin and Urumqi terminals will
add further strength to the network of terminals
now operated by China United International Rail
Containers Co., Limited (“CUIRC”), a nationwide
rail container terminal project under the Logistics
segment. The national policy to integrate BeijingTianjin-Hebei
region, including designated free trade
zones, will help strengthen Tianjin’s position as the
international logistics hub serving the region. Urumqi,
as a convenient gateway city into Europe, will
serve as a key passage of international trade under
the much discussed Belt and Road Initiative. The
renewed priority in the development of Yangtze River
Economic Belt will also provide both SUEZ NWS
and Chongqing Derun Environment Co., Ltd. (“Derun
Environment”) with ample growth opportunities under
the Environment segment. Both platforms possess
the technical experience and local presence needed
to undertake water resources and environmental
remediation projects arising from the further
development of this vast region.
As anticipated, the Aviation segment continues to
be the fastest growing business within the Group’s
business portfolio. Underpinned by the rising global
demand for leased aircraft, the combined fleet
size of Goshawk Aviation Limited (“Goshawk”) and
Bauhinia Aviation Capital Limited increased from The Group has made solid
progress in forging a sustainable
growth path with high-quality
investments to embrace new
challenges and scale new heights.
68 to 90 during FY2017. The Group also welcomes
the recent passage of a new tax regime at the
Hong Kong Legislative Council, which provides the
necessary conditions for the development of aircraft
leasing business in Hong Kong. Hitherto it has not
been possible to attract aircraft leasing companies
to domicile in Hong Kong due to uncompetitive cost
base compared to a number of other jurisdictions.
In March 2017, the Group reached a new milestone
having marked its entry into the healthcare industry
with the opening of Gleneagles Hong Kong Hospital
(“GHK”) under the Services division. With its
state-of-the-art medical equipment and facilities
and a dedicated team of highly trained medical
professionals, GHK is equipped to provide high
quality and comprehensive medical services. The
Group is confident that GHK will establish itself as a
world-class private hospital contributing stable and
recurring earnings in the not too distant future.
It was a very challenging year for the Services
division, as expected. The Facilities Management
segment contracted further mainly due to the initial
operating loss of GHK during its start-up phase
and the downturn of Free Duty’s retail business.
On the other hand, the Construction & Transport
segment continued to deliver sturdy growth on the
back of a strong order book of construction jobs.
Furthermore, the full consolidation of NWS Transport
Services Limited (“NWS Transport”, together with its
subsidiaries, “NWS Transport Group”) in the second
half of FY2017 contributed to the top and bottom
line growth. Looking ahead, the strong underlying
business fundamentals of the Construction &
Transport segment will be able to provide cushioning
effect against the headwinds that are impacting the
short-term performance of the Facilities Management
segment.
Performance Review
Attributable Operating Profit (“AOP”) grew by 2%
to HK$4.840 billion while profit attributable to
shareholders increased by 15% to HK$5.629 billion
in FY2017. AOP growth of 9% delivered by the
Infrastructure division was driven by the Roads and
Aviation segments. As already explained, the AOP
decline of 9% for the Services division reflected the
Group’s share of initial operating loss of GHK and the
challenging environment for Free Duty’s business.
Apart from AOP growth, the 15% increase in profit
attributable to shareholders also reflected the net
positive contribution from exceptional items. As
detailed in the interim results announcement, the
Group booked a gain of approximately HK$454 million
upon the restructuring of SUEZ NWS while the full
acquisition of NWS Transport resulted in a gain of
approximately HK$113 million. In March 2017, the
Group completed the disposal of Tricor Holdings
Limited (“Tricor”) and recognized a disposal gain
of approximately HK$933 million. These positive
contributions were partly offset by losses associated
with Newton Resources Ltd (“Newton Resources”)
which amounted to approximately HK$291 million
during FY2017.
In view of the strong financial position, the Board is
pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.39 per
share and a special final dividend of HK$0.72 per
share, representing a special payout ratio of 100%.
Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.34 per
share, total dividend for FY2017 will be HK$1.45 per
share, a 123% increase compared with HK$0.65 per
share in FY2016.
Corporate Sustainability
The Group believes that corporate success also
means creating social values for the communities
that we serve. We engage the communities through
dedication of corporate resources and volunteer
supports. In FY2017, our corporate volunteering
team, the NWS Volunteer Alliance, celebrated its
15 years of community work involving more than
165,000 hours of social services. Our 10-year old
NWS Holdings Charities Foundation has also played
an important role in our endeavours to accelerate
positive impacts, with donations worth more
than HK$26 million to date. In line with our social
commitment, we have launched the “NWS Career
Navigator For Youth” programme, a new chapter in
our journey of cultivating young minds as they pave
the ways for career development.
Conclusion
The Group has made solid progress in forging a
sustainable growth path with high-quality investments
in FY2017, having restructured SUEZ NWS, taken
full control of NWS Transport and commenced GHK
operations. We have strengthened our environmental
asset portfolio with a much wider platform, taken
a stronghold in the local transportation sector and
successfully launched our healthcare services. The
Group will continue to dedicate our efforts to seeking
business opportunities to maximize shareholders’
value.
In closing, I would like to express my gratitude to
our shareholders and business partners for their
unwavering supports and congratulate my fellow
directors and staff members for the remarkable
achievements throughout the year.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 September 2017