Discover " Manage " Prosper 
As one of the largest privately-owned conglomerates in China, the Group has maintained rapid growth of its operating results in 2007. Its net profi t attributable to equity holders of the parent amounted to RMB3,354.3 million, representing an increase of 206.1% as compared to 2006.

Given the remarkable results and sufficient financial resources of the Group, and taking further development of the Group into account, the Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.17 per ordinary share, with the total proposed dividend accounting for 30.5% of the net profits attributable to equity holders of the parent for 2007. Subject to approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on or around 16 July 2008 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 17 June 2008.

In 2007, the Group recorded the best results since its establishment. Most of its core business segments, namely pharmaceuticals, property development, steel, mining, retail business, financial services and strategic investments, achieved significant growth. In particular, the performance of some companies was outstanding. Profit contribution from its pharmaceuticals segment, property development segment, steel segment, mining segment, as well as retail, financial services and others segment was RMB164.5 million, RMB383.8 million, RMB1,845.1 million, RMB592.9 million and RMB368.0 million respectively.
During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to explore and capture opportunities of high growth potential in China. It has been encouraging its portfolio companies in different segments to participate in industry consolidation to strengthen their market positions. The Group increased its investment in mining and gradually built up a mining segment. The Group also increased investments in financial services by insurance and futures, and a number of strategic investment projects. The abovementioned investments have laid a strong foundation for the Group s future growth.
The Group has continued to build a multi-channel fi nancing platform to connect high quality capital with optimal investment and signifi cantly improve diversity and reliability of our capital sources and enhance the rationality of our financing cost and structure. Fosun International successfully raised gross proceeds of HKD13,268.1 million by listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 16 July 2007. In addition, the Group made breakthrough progress in long term debt financing, overseas financing, the structure of bank borrowings and new debt-financing products. The multi-channel financing system optimised our debt structure.
On one hand, the Group was better equipped to minimise and mitigate risks and improve the return of our shareholders. On the other hand, the Group enhanced its ability to seize investment 
In 2008, with a slowing US economy weighed down by the subprime mortgage crisis, as well as simultaneous strengthening of the global infl ationary trend, the RMB will quicken its pace of appreciation while the PRC government will continue to adopt a stringent monetary policy. The Group will face greater operational challenges as well as more opportunities.
However, in the mid to long term, the Group is confident in China s continuous, rapid growth, and is equally confident in the growth of its chosen core businesses. The Group will continue to select and invest in industries that will benefi t from China s growth, one that is rooted in its tremendous consumption, investment and demands related to trends in China s urbanisation 
As such, the Group will continue to explore high growth investment opportunities in China.
It will be actively involved in the integration of China s iron and steel industry. It will also increase its investment in resources related industries, particularly iron ore mine and coking coal projects which are closely related to the iron and steel industry. The Group will continue to increase its investments in the financial services area, continue to develop the Tebon Securities business and look for investment opportunities in industries including insurance, fund management companies, city commercial banks, trusts and futures. The Group will continue to invest in various strategic investment projects to earn additional high returns for the Group.
The Group will continue to optimise management capabilities and enhance corporate value and competitive advantages. Property development, pharmaceuticals and investment in the retail sector will each leverage their respective public listing companies as a platform to realise high 
The Group will continue to establish multi- channel financing platforms to secure access to high quality capital of domestic and overseas markets. With its three core values and competitive advantages, the Group will strive for higher growth while maintaining its low risk profi le, regardless of any changes in the external 
The Group very much values its relationship with investors and aims to maximise the value of the Company and the benefi t of its shareholders. We continue to improve the investors understanding and recognition of the Group s business by establishing effective and timely communication between investors and the Group s management through a number of channels such as media, internet and roadshows. The Group adhered to corporate governance practices to promptly reply to the questions raised by investors and continuously enhanced the transparency of the Group s operations and management.

The Group s continuous development benefited from, on one hand, the robust economic growth of China and on the other hand, the efforts of all our staff, particularly our team of entrepreneurs comprising businessmen, professional investors and finance experts from various sectors at different levels. They have been and will be of utmost importance for the Group s development.
We would like to acknowledge the support from all parties involved. The Group endeavours to achieve our corporate culture, which is self improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society . The Group will continue to follow our strategy Discover " Manage " Prosper to capitalise every chance to maximise the shareholders benefi t. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and partners. I would also like to give my appreciation to our devoted directors and staff of the Group who have performed outstandingly.

25 March 2008 