2008 was a unique year with extraordinary changes. The Group s operations faced substantial challenges. In 2008, the Group s consolidated revenue was RMB40,250.3 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.9%, and profit attributable to equity holders of the parent was RMB1,328.4 million, representing a decrease of 60.4% as compared with 2007, in which the operating profit decreased by 27.9%.

Given the results and financial resources of the Group, and taking into account the need for future development, the Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.08 per ordinary share, with the total proposed dividend accounting for 34.1% of the profits attributable to equity holders of the parent for 2008. Subject to approval by the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting, the proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on or around 16 July 2009 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 19 June 2009.

In 2008, advantages of the Group s diversified business portfolio were fully revealed in facing the global financial crisis. During the Reporting Period, profits contributed by the pharmaceuticals and mining segments of the Group recorded year-on-year increases to various extents. The profit contribution of the mining segment increased by 116.7% as compared with 2007 while revenue and net profit of the pharmaceuticals segment recorded a historical high. In particular, Sinopharm Holding, the main associate of Fosun Pharma, continued to lead its dominant position in pharmaceutical distribution in China. However, there was a substantial decrease in profits contributed by the steel and property development segments.
Actively coping with the tough economic environment, the Group persisted in management optimisation and continued to enhance the core competitiveness of its portfolio companies. The Group strengthened its core management team and continued to improve risk control.
Seeking opportunities in the crisis, the Group continued to identify and capture opportunities for value investment in a time when the cost of assets was drastically declining.
During the Reporting Period, the Group integrated its internal retail business and promoted portfolio companies to participate in industry integration. The Group paid close attention to investment opportunities from industries which benefit from the development of China s domestic consumption market, with light assets and less cyclical in nature. The Group increased investments in outstanding Chinese enterprises listed overseas which were significantly undervalued. Meanwhile, certain shareholdings were strategically disposed of to accelerate cashflow, thus to optimise asset structure, adopting an entry and exit strategy.
Abundant financial resources provided strong support for the Group to weather the crisis while capturing investment opportunities. Devoted to the construction of a multi- channel financing system, the Group now enjoyed advantages brought by its unique structure with financing platforms of both Hong Kong and Mainland China. This structure, on one hand, enabled the Group to collect sufficient cash ahead of the crisis, while on the other hand, allowed the Group to make full use of the current relatively easing financing environment in the PRC to increase debt financing in Reminbi thus to increase the proportion of medium and long term debt, optimize debt structure and reduce financing costs. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had cash and bank balances of RMB11,691.0 million and unutilised credit facilities equivalent to RMB19,055.2 million.

At the beginning of 2009, the economy of several developed countries and regions including the United States, Europe and Japan showed signs of recession.
Despite positive support from the government and huge domestic demand, it is still difficult for China to achieve positive performance in a globalised economy. As the worst may be yet to come, international and domestic economic environments will remain tough throughout 2009. The Group believes that the fundamentals of China s economy and the core impetus fueling China s development remain intact. The prolonged industrialisation and urbanisation processes and the great consumption and investment demands will provide strong and sustained driving forces for the growth of enterprises in China. Moreover, through the 30 years of implementation of reform and open policies, the Chinese Government has accumulated extensive experience in the operation and management of the market economy so as to better respond to the crisis. As such, the Group has full confidence in the medium to long term development of China s economy.
In 2009, the Group will continue to attend to funding, secure further high quality capital through various channels and in the meantime, reduce the costs and risks of financing having taken the leverage of the flexible financing environment in the PRC for optimising the debt structure of the Group. The Group will provide support and assistance to all business segments in their involvement in industrial integration and consolidation to continuously enhance the Group s competitiveness and position in those industries.
The Group will also further invest in industries such as natural resources, consumption industry with brands, appropriately increase the proportion of light assets and weak cyclical industry assets in its asset portfolio, optimise and adjust asset structure, adjust its investment portfolio to lower costs and further invest in overseas assets.
The Group will continue to work towards attracting entrepreneurs and highly skilled individuals. Meanwhile, the Group will enhance consolidation of its various high quality research resources, further reinforce management control and risk prevention, and raise the standard and quality of service of its functional departments. Riding on its role as a corporate citizen and its attempt to be one of the best employers in China, the Group will continue to strive towards building its corporate brand.
Looking forward, 2009 is likely to be a year full of uncertainties for macro-economic development. Adhering to its corporate core values, the Group will respond to market changes and provide its portfolio companies with guidance and support in their strategic decisions, personnel deployment and comparison management. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to raise its competitive edge, enhance its ability to respond to risk and capture new opportunities.
The Group s operations all benefit from the momentum of Chinese economic development. The Group has confidence that it can emerge from the crisis, develop rapidly and create value for its shareholders through its three core competitive strengths and the efforts of its employees.

Confronting the global financial crisis of the century, the Group managed a relatively stable development with encouraging performance from certain segments. This, on one hand, was attributable to the Group s continuous efforts in building our core capabilities in investment, financing and management improvement, while on the other hand, was also due to the efforts by all of our staff, particularly our teams of entrepreneurs comprising professionals in operation, investment and financing, from various sectors at different levels. Our achievement also relied upon consistent support to the Group from all parties involved. I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders and partners. I would also like to give my appreciation to our devoted directors and staff who have performed outstandingly. The Group will strive to achieve our corporate culture, which is self improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society . The Group will continue to follow our strategy Discover " Manage " Prosper to capitalize on every chance to maximize shareholders value.

11 March 2009 