Chairman s Statement 
FY2007 saw the Group succeed in leveraging its steady recent investment in infrastructure in driving its business forward.

On behalf of your Board, I am delighted to report that FY2007 marked yet another 12 months of healthy growth for NWS Holdings. The Group reported a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$2.005 billion, a solid increase of 21% as compared to FY2006. Especially encouraging was our Service & Rental division, in which the AOP surged substantially by 39%. Capitalizing on major projects awarded from Macau s booming entertainment sector, our Contracting segment saw its AOP increase by a remarkable 57%. The AOP of our Roads segment was another source of encouragement, rising a strong 21% as a result of the sustained strong economic performance of the Pearl River Delta region.
The Board is particularly pleased with the steady progress the Group has made as a result of its clear and forward- looking growth strategy. In the last three years, we have invested substantially in infrastructure projects in order to capitalize on Mainland China s strong economic growth. With the Central Government s Eleventh Five- year Plan opening up water and sewage markets and emphasizing the expansion of road networks, the Infrastructure division will remain our core capital expenditure focus during the coming year.
New infrastructure investments beginning to 
I am also pleased to report that many of our new infrastructure investments are already beginning to make positive contributions to the Group. Notable successes include Guangdong Baolihua New Energy Stock Co., Ltd. in which we hold a 9.45% share. The company currently operates two power plants with a total capacity of 270MW in Guangdong Province.
The 600MW second phase of this facility is now under construction and will commence operation in 2008.
Our investments in the Changshu Water Project in Jiangsu Province and a waste-water treatment project in Chongqing are also beginning to deliver results.
As regarding our current 40.8% equity interest in the Guangzhou Dongxin Expressway, it is expected to become partially operational by mid-2008 and fully operational by the end of 2009.
FY2007 also saw the Group bolster its Financial Services by further acquiring approximately 40% shareholding of Taifook Securities Group Limited ( Taifook Securities ) to approximately 61.3% and has become its largest shareholder. In addition to offering solid growth potential, Taifook Securities will play a vital role in strengthening our presence in Mainland China s vibrant capital market. The Central Government s policy on Qualified Domestic Institutional Investors (QDII) and the Through Train pilot schemes allowing Mainland Chinese investors to invest directly in Hong Kong stock market will no doubt benefit Taifook Securities and in turn NWS Holdings.
Subsequent to the further acquisition of shareholding in Taifook Securities, the management has decided to reclassify the businesses of Service & Rental division into four different segments, namely Facilities Rental , Contracting , Financial Services and Other Services to better facilitate the analysis of their performance.
In September 2006, the Group formed a 50-year joint venture company, China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited, between a company under China s Ministry of Railways and other partners.
With a 22% stake, NWS Holdings is the second largest shareholder. While terminals in Shanghai and Kunming already completed and to be injected into the joint venture company by the Ministry of Railways, construction work will soon start at Chongqing, Zhengzhou and Qingdao. Ultimately, a total of 18 terminals will be constructed in 18 major cities in Mainland China respectively by 2010. Currently, Mainland China s annual rail containerized cargo volume is just 3% of the total rail freight far behind the 20-30% levels in the United States and Europe. With the target of the current three million-TEU annual shipping volume within this segment rising to 10 million TEUs in the next three years, the long-term outlook for this business remains extremely promising.
Facing the future with confidence The coming year will see the Group continue its proven policy of investing in core businesses in which we can demonstrate both a sound track record and solid results. We will pursue growth opportunities in our core businesses. To this end, we are prepared to increase our gearing ratio to around 35-45% in the coming three years.
To ensure the Group s continued success, management has clearly identified the initiatives that will drive our business between now and 2010. We are determined to seek a long-term growth of our core businesses and enhance shareholders value. Progressive but prudent management, sound corporate governance and effective internal control policies will all continue to be of vital importance in our effort to achieve long-term success. Branding and the maintenance of our already high levels of service quality are other areas to which our subsidiary companies and associated companies must continue to give full attention.
Good corporate governance remains our watchword As a service-focused enterprise, we never forget that integrity and transparency in our dealings with others are the cornerstones on which our business is built. For this reason, our Corporate Governance Steering Committee continues to do everything possible to ensure our operations are always carried out to an exceptionally high ethical standard. All business units will also be expected to continue to formulate their own risk management policies and procedures, and to perform periodic reviews of all businesses in their existing portfolios. I am delighted to report that our commitment to good corporate governance was recently recognized with the accolade of the Hong Kong Institute of Directors coveted Directors of the Year Awards Listed Companies (SEHK-Non Hang Seng Index Constituents) Boards .
The Group has always been an eager and enthusiastic contributor to the societies that sustain it. Our key activities in this area during FY2007 included the establishment of NWS Holdings Charities Foundation Limited in November 2006. The Group has already pledged HK$5 million to expand the scope of our voluntary activities, sponsorships and donations.
Thank you all for your support In closing, I would like to express my thankfulness to my fellow Board members, the management and our 42,000-strong workforce for their continued dedication, determination and support. Your tireless efforts during FY2007 were pivotal in not only helping us to improve our bottom line but also in achieving several prestigious accolades. They included a Best Brand Enterprise Award and Outstanding Corporate Strategy from the Hong Kong Productivity Council and the Best HR Team and the Best Change Management Practices Awards in the Hong Kong HR Awards 2007. As we move forward towards 2010, we will continue to strengthen our open management style and foster staff unity. At the end of the day, we must never lose sight of the fact that it is people who are the mainstay of our business both internally and externally.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 10 October 2007 