Chairman s Statement 
In February 2013, the Group reached a memorable milestone as it marked the 10 th anniversary since the shares of the Company commenced trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange following a reorganization of the New World Group. It gives me much pleasure to report that the Group has delivered a set of commendable results while embracing new challenges and opportunities during FY2013. The track records set by the Group over the years, even during demanding economic circumstances, bear testimony to our clear vision, strategy and direction which will guide us through the next decade.
Capturing Opportunities in a 
The new Chinese administration which took office in March 2013 has reiterated that urbanization would be a major driving force for sustainable and balanced economic development. Urban growth in Mainland China will undoubtedly spur investment in infrastructure projects to upgrade and improve the existing transportation networks and overall living standards. As a seasoned infrastructure player, the Group is well prepared and equipped to take advantage of its diversified platform and expertise in identifying quality capital investment projects and providing integrated solutions in line with modern energy conservation and environmental protection principles to ensure long-term 
As previously reported, the full-year result of 95% shareholding of Hangzhou Ring Road ( HZRR ) in FY2013 served as an important growth driver although its contribution was partly offset by the introduction of two toll policies in Mainland China; firstly, toll standardization in Guangdong Province since June 2012 and secondly, Holiday Toll-free Policy for small passenger vehicles during four major statutory holiday periods (21 days in FY2013). To cope with the adverse impact, the Group has adopted a proactive and yet cautious approach in maintaining communication with the relevant government authorities to address the social and commercial impact stemming from such policies. In addition, the current expansion works at Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section) which led to a 38% drop in traffic volume also affected the results of the Roads segment. Consequently, the mild growth of 2% under the Roads segment amid these unfavourable factors was a hard earned achievement which also exemplified the underlying strength of the Group s existing roads portfolio, especially after the acquisition of HZRR in the previous 
The Energy segment rebounded by 26% as the downward trend in coal prices since early 2012 continued to boost operating margins even though the pace of economic recovery has constantly weighed on electricity consumption in Mainland China. On the other hand, electricity sales in Macau grew by 5% as domestic demand continues to rise in line with its local development.
Having signed an agreement involving both our port assets in Xiamen, the Group looks forward to the establishment of a new port joint venture by the end of 2013. This joint venture will own 25 berths in Xiamen and is expected to ensure stable profitability. Pursuant to the strategic partnership agreement with a Sichuan-based water company, the Water segment has successfully established its local presence through the acquisition of two wastewater projects at Shuangliu County and Chongzhou City in Chengdu. Both of these areas are undergoing rapid development as manufacturing and industrial hubs so the new treatment plants will serve a wide range of customers across the residential, industrial and commercial sectors. These latest developments in the city of Xiamen and Sichuan Province once again demonstrate the Group s ability and competitive edge to capture growth opportunities in a challenging business environment.
Healthcare as Future Growth Driver The Group is most delighted with the announcement by the HKSAR Government in March 2013 that a new joint venture of the Group had won the public tender to develop and operate a private hospital in Wong Chuk Hang. With Parkway Pantai Limited, a renowned private healthcare provider in Asia, and the Li Ka Shing Faculty of Medicine of The University of Hong Kong as our strategic and collaborative partners, the Group has every confidence that this unique opportunity will open up a new business dimension and complement our successful services related operations in Hong Kong.
The expiry of the concession contract at the Hong Kong International Airport in November 2012 and the renewed concession terms presented a negative impact on the performance of the duty free business under the Facilities Management segment. However, the Group is confident that the setback would be mitigated by the continuous growth in patronage and spending power of individual travellers at the land border terminals. Moreover, the organic growth from Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre would remain firm due to the increasing demand for world class exhibition venues and facilities in the Asia Pacific region.

Attributable Operating Profit reached HK$4.267 billion despite the fact that the operating and economic environment remained challenging during FY2013. Profit attributable to shareholders registered a drop of 24% to HK$4.008 billion but this was mainly due to the one-off dilution gain of approximately HK$1.8 billion from the listing of Newton Resources Ltd in the previous reporting period.
The Group remains in healthy financial standing with strong liquidity. The recurring operating cash flow from across the business segments had not only enabled the Group to lower its net gearing ratio from 34% to 24% during FY2013, but also to maintain a strong war chest to exploit and develop potential merger and acquisition opportunities.
To share these solid results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.26 per share was proposed, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50.2%.

Corporate social responsibility principles remain firmly ingrained in the Group s corporate culture and day-to-day activities. Apart from arranging over 140 community events in association with non-profit organizations during FY2013, the Group also launched long-term programmes to provide elderly services in honour of our senior citizens. Accordingly, the Group takes pride in the many recognitions it received during the year, including the selection as a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index for the third consecutive year.
A Note of Thanks In closing, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to my fellow Board members who have contributed greatly to the Group with their invaluable experience and counsel. My heartfelt appreciation must also go to the management team and staff for their hard work, commitment and dedication over the past decade. As we all forge ahead in our journey of excellence, I have every confidence that the Group will continue to accomplish its objective in generating strategic growth and enriching shareholder value in the years ahead.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 25 September 2013 On the constant lookout for business opportunities, the Group has given clear focus on the areas of growth, and been able to maximize profitability by channelling resources accordingly.
