CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2011 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2011 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB7,120,712,000, representing a decrease of approximately 3.7% from 2010. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB556,974,000, representing a decrease of approximately 59.7% from last year, or a decrease of approximately 49.3% from last year if excluding the changes in fair values of convertible bonds and equity swap. The gross profit margin for the year was 25.5%, representing a decrease of 4.4 percentage points from last year.
A number of major political and economic events occurred in 2011. In March, Japanese economy was badly hit by the tsunami resulted from a serious earthquake near Japanese waters. The sovereignty rating of the US was downgraded by rating agencies during a political struggle between the two political parties on the increase of its debt ceiling in August.
Moreover, the European debt crisis worsened as a result of the concern about the refinancing of the sovereign debts of Greek. In the face of the challenging global economic conditions, the People s Bank of China raised the reserve requirement ratio 6 times during the year to ease the inflation pressure brought by fast growing economy.
In 2011, all major business segments of the Group maintained their growth momentum under unfavourable market conditions and factors. I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management, the directors, our staff, shareholders and investors for their efforts and trust as well as business partners for their continuous support.
With regard to wind power business, one of our major business segments, some customers postponed the delivery of wind power gear boxes. In 2011, the Group sold wind power gear transmission equipment of approximately 8,600MW, similar to last year. The finance costs of the Group increased in 2011 due to the tightened monetary policy of the government.
As a leading player in the wind power gear transmission equipment market in the PRC with competitive advantages in market share, the Group adjusted the prices of wind gear box products downward to enable our customers to overcome the hard time.
As a result of the fast growth over the past three years, China has become the largest wind power market with the highest aggregate installed capacity. Tracing back to the development history of the wind power industry in the PRC, the market fluctuation in 2011 was not unexpected. A number of problems emerged due to the fast growth of wind power market in the PRC. The problems included the poor connectivity between wind power facilities and power grids, substandard wind turbines, unusual price fluctuations caused by severe competition of the wind turbine industry and geographical limitation of wind power resources in the PRC. Wind-farms in the PRC are mainly located in Xinjiang and Inner-Mongolia in the northwest region while Shanghai, Zhejiang and Jiangsu in the eastern costal area have the highest power consumption.
The West-to-East Power Transmission projectqg8 became an important agenda and was intended to alleviate the geographic imbalance. The development of power grids was crucial to the development of the wind power industry.
During the consolidation of the wind power industry in 2011, the growth of the Group was slightly affected by changes in government policies. Industry consolidation will eliminate excessive productivity and improve the quality of wind power generating units and facilitate the development of wind power industry in a longer term. With the introduction of new technologies and the support of government policies on new energy, the prospect of the industry is promising. We believe that the wind power industry in China will become healthier and stronger for an exponential growth.
The Group will further expand its market share and customer base by the introduction of more high capacity wind power gear boxes. In 2011, the Group had delivered approximately 67 sets of 3MW high wind power gear boxes and expects to deliver 200 to 300 sets of 3MW gear boxes in 2012 in accordance with our plan. Although the market conditions were not favourable, the Group managed to expand its customer base through cooperation with overseas customers, including Suzlon of India and ALSTOM Wind of France. In 2011, we had delivered to GE Energy approximately 1,000 sets of 1.5 MW wind power gear boxes, representing an increase of about 100% as compared with last year. We anticipated that the orders from GE Energy will further increase significantly in 2012. With the continuous expansion of overseas market, the Group has established stable and close relationship with domestic and overseas customers as our quality products had won the confidence of well known customers. We will further improve the competiveness of our products in the international market and will proceed with the development of 5MW wind power transmission equipment to further expand our market 
With regard to the marine gear transmission equipment segment, the Group is one of the largest marine propeller system manufacturers in the PRC. In order to optimize its product mix, the Group acquired Nantong Diesel Engine Co., Ltd.
( Nantong Diesel ) in the Period under Review to provide one-stop service for our customers. In 2011, the Group established its first sales company in Singapore in hope of opening a sales channel to Southeast Asia and other parts of the world. The sales of marine gear transmission equipment products are highly correlated with the global economy. We believe that the marine gear transmission equipment segment will have a very bright future in view of the recovery of global economy.
The transmission equipment for high-speed locomotives and urban light rail segment of the Group has developed steadily.
Our products are used in subways of major cities including Shanghai, Beijing, Nanjing and Shenzhen and their operations are smooth. The Group will capitalise on the opportunities to enhance the research and development of light rail and high- speed train gear equipment. The Group will further expand its three major businesses namely the high-speed railway, subway and urban light rail business. Our products are highly recognized by overseas customers. We believe that the rail transportation transmission equipment will become a new source of growth of the Group.
The Group has been developing overseas market while maintaining our position in the domestic market. The Group had a major breakthrough in its traditional gear transmission equipment business in 2011. Metallurgy gear transmission equipment of the Group was approved by Sweden, a European country famous for its well developed machinery industry. Trial run of our equipment by Swedish customer was successful. The Group successfully sold its construction materials gear transmission equipment to customers in Turkey, representing a major step of the Group s development in the European market. In 2011, the PRC government adopted a series of austerity measures to prevent the economy from overheat. The Group took the opportunity to further consolidate and enhance its strength established in recent years and to grasp future 
In 2011, the market was challenging in general. In 2012, the market will remain uncertain. In view of such, the Group will adopt a prudent strategy while proactively improving existing products and developing new business to achieve a diversified business model. The Group will continue to consolidate its market position through enhancing the product quality and promoting the brand name and to reduce risk in unfavourable market environment. While consolidating its strength, the Group will explore new market opportunities.

30 March 2012 