CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Making a major stride towards becoming a world-class investment group underpinned by the twin drivers of insurance-oriented comprehensive financial capability and profound industrial foothold based 
Fosun International Limited 
As at the end of the Reporting Period, net assets attributable to owners of the parent of the Group reached RMB39,628.2 million, representing an increase of 12.6% from the end of 2012.
Of which, equity equivalent to RMB12,875.7 million was net assets in listed subsidiaries and associates attributable to the Group , and such equity interests amounted to RMB24,747.3 million measured by attributable market capitalization .
The Board has resolved to recommend payment of a final dividend of HKD0.15 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2013.
This report aims to review the businesses of the Group in 2013 and to share my projections for Fosun s development in 2014.
REVIEW OF BUSINESSES IN 2013 2013 was a year of changes, opportunities and challenges in the macroeconomic landscape. Led by a spiritual courage of reinitiating two decades of entrepreneurship , all business segments and key member enterprises persevered and progressed against a backdrop of generally unfavorable market conditions and managed to accomplish encouraging results amidst the volatile economic landscape, helping Fosun make a major stride towards becoming a world-class investment group underpinned by the twin drivers of insurance-oriented comprehensive financial capability and profound industrial foothold based investment capability .

In 2013, our industrial operations as a whole performed satisfactorily, profit attributable to owners of the parent reached RMB3,836.0 million. Fosun Pharma accelerated its consolidation pace within the pharmaceutical industry in China, while proactively expanding its presence in the international market. Despite the austerity measures still being imposed on China s property market, Forte delivered excellent results for the year by reorienting its business strategies timely in response to changes in the market, speeding up its asset turnover cycles and developing sales strategies customized to the needs of different cities. In light of the unfavorable environment surrounding the steel industry, Nanjing Nangang actively explored market potentials and accomplished achievements in improving its own operation capabilities and internal efficiency with significant reductions in costs, while making some inroads in setting up production plants in overseas markets. Hainan Mining managed to weather the downturn in the domestic steel industry and the volatile downtrend of iron ore prices by leveraging its own advantages, intensifying efforts in marketing and proactively adjusting its sales strategy. Hainan Mining achieved record high levels of production and sales of iron ore.

In 2013, Fosun made achievements in focusing on large-scale projects, actively implementing the investment model of Combining China s Growth Momentum with Global Resources , embracing the internet and covering entire stages of investments.
' Focusing on large-scale projects In December 2013, we acquired One Chase Manhattan Plaza which is located on Liberty Street, New York, for a consideration of USD725 million from JPMorgan Chase & Co..
In January 2014, we won a tender to acquire an 80% equity interest in Fosun Insurance Portugal for a consideration of 
' Combining China s Growth Momentum with Global 
Fosun Pharma invested in Saladax Biomedical, Inc., a US- based provider of state-of-the-art medical diagnostic products.
Fosun Pharma joined forces with Pramerica-Fosun China Opportunity Fund to acquire Alma Lasers Ltd. in Israel, a world-leading high-end manufacturer of medical and aesthetic devices. The Group and Pramerica-Fosun China Opportunity Fund invested in St. John, a high-end female apparel brand in the US, and Caruso, a high-end Italian brand of men s tailored 
We established our Japan Investment Department and India Investment Department in 2013 and our Southeast Asia Department in February 2014. Taking root in China, Fosun possesses the capabilities of integrating global resources and is advancing towards its goal of establishing comprehensive footholds in key areas around the world.
' Embracing the internet During the Reporting Period, Fosun achieved remarkable results in Embrace the Internet Strategy , including successful investments in internet enterprises such as Perfect World, etc., participating in the completion of the privatization of Focus Media; in the high growth industry associated with the internet, we successfully invested in China Smart Logistics Network - Cainiao; In Online To Offline and internet finance industries, Fosun successfully invested and participated in the growth of Ali-Small Loan, etc. In addition, Fosun established Kunzhong Capital (fN,g), a professional venture capital investment platform, thus further enhancing Fosun s capability of investing in both the internet and the mobile internet areas.
' Covering and investing in the whole industrial chain In 2013, we attracted several excellent teams to join the Fosun family, including the Kinzon Capital team, which is responsible for venture capital investments; the Sunvision Capital (fof ,g) team, an investment fund focusing on the landscape industry; the Stater (fl) team, which focuses on logistics, commerce and trade businesses and the Chuangfu Shenzhen M&A Fund (uR[m3WuOW) team. As such, Fosun has covered the whole industrial chain of investments from venture capital investments to buy-out investment.
In addition, in 2013, we established a Financial Innovation Institute, a Real Estate Institute and an Innovation Investment Institute, conducted in-depth studies in areas including internet finance and wealth management, Hive City (Community) products and cross-border investments, built an unique model of Fosun combining various industries and owned the investment capabilities of operating and combining experience, in order to identify the next major investment opportunity.
Furthermore, we set up an Internet Development Department and a Major Project Investment Development Department to focus on strategic opportunities brought about by the mobile internet and state-owned enterprise reforms, respectively.

Our financing and fund management function covers the whole investment business cycle, providing vital support to our major projects. Meanwhile, we also made remarkable progress in the asset 
' Innovations in major project-specific financing In 2013, we completed a loan for the One Chase Manhattan Plaza project in New York, a Euro bridging loan for the privatization of Club Med, a US dollar bridging loan for the acquisition of Alma Lasers Ltd.; a pound-sterling overseas insurance institutional loan for the Lloyds Chambers of London project, rendering tremendous support to the Group s investments in major projects.
' Increased direct financing in the open market In 2013, we raised additional funds from the open market aggregating approximately RMB8 billion. The Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Sparkle Assets Limited completed a USD400 million senior note issue in January; Fosun Group announced the issuance of RMB2 billion bonds via private placing in the inter-bank market in June and the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Logo Star Limited completed a HKD3,875 million guaranteed convertible bond issue in Hong Kong in November.
' Exploring innovations in indirect financing to reduce funding 
The Group worked actively with financial institutions such as banks on innovative financing, explored the fund raising channels such as enterprise annuities and insurance funds.
Meanwhile, the cost of capital has been reduced.
' Taking the scale of fund-raising for asset management and restructuring of limited partnerships ( LPs ) to the next level In 2013, we newly raised management funds of approximately RMB8 billion for our asset management business. Meanwhile, an initial restructuring of the LP constituents of our asset management has been made towards large-scale institutions and insurance companies as our major clients.

Fosun has been endeavoring determined efforts in establishing insurance as its core business. The Group has been regarding the development of insurance business as a good means to connect its investment capabilities with long-term high quality capital. Excluding the investment in Fosun Insurance Portugal, the insurance segment of Fosun currently includes three companies, namely Yong an P&C Insurance, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance and Peak Reinsurance, which constitute an insurance industry platform of Fosun driven by three growth drivers consisting of property and casualty insurance (P&C), life insurance and reinsurance. On the basis of taking the advantage of the investment capabilities of Fosun, the insurance segment has realized profit in an overall manner for the first year and has achieved results that beat projections. Peak Reinsurance, which was established at the end of 2012, achieved outstanding investment returns. Yong an P&C Insurance ranked 11th among China s P&C companies in terms of original premium income. Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance also constantly spent greater efforts in product innovation and has obtained licences for discretionary investment in financial products and bonds, equities, and approval for offshore US dollar investments from China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
In January 2014, Fosun acquired by tender an 80% equity interest in Fosun Insurance Portugal for a consideration of Euro1 billion, and entered into a formal agreement in February 2014.
DEVELOPMENT PROSPECTS FOR 2014 Development Opportunities for Fosun With a strong rebound of the US economy and the gradual recovery of the economy in Europe, the global economy is recovering from the downturn seen in the past three years, progressing towards a new stage of weak recovery and growth. Taking into account all these factors, various research institutions raised their growth forecasts for the global economy in 2014 slightly, but their outlooks are still on the 
With a good macroeconomic environment in China, fixed asset investments resumed growth and consumption will grow steadily.
Imports and exports will exhibit a steady trend. In 2014, with a better external environment, the inauguration of comprehensive reforms, the implementation of the new model of urbanization and the recovery growth in consumption, the economy in China will continue to perform well while maintaining stability . The macroeconomic policies will remain stable. The fiscal policies will focus on ensuring and improving people s livelihood, increasing the cost-effectiveness in the deployment of financial resources, improving tax reductions on a structural scale, and speeding up the financial and tax system reforms. The monetary policy will transform towards a more market- oriented model. The deposit-reserve ratio might be lowered. The risks that require vigilance and precautions include economic and and financial fluctuations that may be brought about by the US withdrawal of its quantitative easing policy, the adjustments in the real estate market, the severe indebtedness issue among local governments, the increasingly stringent regulatory policies, shadow banking and etc.
The middle class will play an increasingly important role in China s economic development. Personal finance is experiencing rapid growth. The internet helps to reduce information asymmetry and introduces revolutionary changes to the models of production in traditional industries. The aging population, the new model of urbanization and the state-owned enterprise reforms will bring about new investment opportunities in China. The long-term inflation worldwide and the rapid development of China s economy will bring about new investment opportunities to the world.
Accordingly, while accelerating development in key areas including financing, real estates, health, culture and tourism, logistics and commerce, Fosun also attaches importance to new opportunities arising from changes in the mode of China s economic development and pays close attention to investment opportunities arising from the global economic landscape, and in particular, focuses on the growth of personal experience-driven consumption and investment opportunities brought about by the slow growth of the branded luxury industry worldwide. More importantly, the society puts more emphasis on environmental protection and pays more attention on food safety issues. From 2014, Fosun will start investing in the broad environmental protection sector.
The Development Direction of Fosun For insurance business, based on the foundation of rapid growth in this segment in 2013, on one hand, supported by the investment capability of Fosun, Yong an P&C Insurance, Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance and Peak Reinsurance will endeavor in ongoing product innovation through resources sharing with all business segments of Fosun and introducing the concept of mobile internet in 2014 and will strengthen and expand their existing insurance business; on the other hand, leveraging on Fosun Insurance Portugal, Fosun will spend extra efforts to explore the investment opportunities in overseas insurance companies.
For industrial operations, Fosun Pharma, as the core platform for pharmaceuticals and healthcare development of the Group, will strive to become a leading local enterprise with international visions, with bio-pharmaceutical innovation capabilities and an advantageous position in the healthcare sector in China through persistent deepening of business restructuring efforts. Forte will adhere strictly to a rapid asset turnover model, enhancing its systemic development capabilities, and further enhancing its capacity as a full-licensed real estate developer, so as to maximize shareholder returns. In the area of product strategy, Hive City (Community) is a product under the new model of urbanization pioneered by Fosun, integrating its global resources to participate in the construction of core urban functions through a public-private partnership ( PPP ) model, featuring Urban-Industry integration with urban development underpinned by industrial operations . The Hive City (Community) products developed by Fosun tap Fosun s existing resources in its industrial investments, combining with national and global resources to construct core functions urgently required by urban upgrading and industrial upgrading, including the direct financing function, the healthcare & medical function, the culture & experience & travel function, and the trade & logistics function, etc., seeking to pioneer innovative planning concepts through establishing a 3-in-1 community for work, living and consumption, vibrant communities with 24-hour active passenger traffic. Through industries providing core service functions, ancillary services and supporting living and consumption services industries, these communities provide adequate and diverse job opportunities. These Hive City (Community) will also lower the barriers of entry to provide room for innovative entrepreneurial start- ups, seeking to constitute functional communities that are self- sufficient, environmentally friendly with active dispersal of peripheral services. While serving the cities, these functions will gradually form community-style cities through seamless homogeneous connections of Hive City (Community) of different functions. For city strategies, it will deepen its foothold in first and second-tier cities and strives to replenish its land bank. It will also strengthen its cost management and enhance its marketing efforts. Taking innovation and reforms as the driving force, Nanjing Nangang will fully implement the internationalization strategy, persistently deepen the internal reform and proactively grasp the potential opportunities arising from the rebound of the iron and steel industry while strengthening the reform of technology and importance of operation management upgrade to meet annual production and operation targets and bring itself on a fast track of transformation and upgrading. In addition to continuously optimizing production and operations at its headquarters, Hainan Mining will continue to enhance its operation, management and investment capabilities to groom itself into a leading domestic large- scale mining enterprise that enjoys a worldwide reputation, and will further improve its production and sales capabilities, strive for steady growth in iron ore annual output, sales volume, sales revenue and net profit. Hainan Mining will also further proceed with its listing plan, and will strive to complete its initial public offering of shares in 2014.
For investments, in light of the major economic trends outlined above, we will adhere to our value investing philosophy and stay concentrated on the major projects, actively implement our investment model of Combining China s Growth Momentum with Global Resources , identify and capture better and more precise investment opportunities in China and other markets with international perspectives and the mobile internet concept. In particular, after the completion of the tender for an 80% equity interest in Fosun Insurance Portugal, Fosun will strengthen its investments, especially its fixed income investments, in EU and OECD member states.
Meanwhile, Fosun will continue to take root in China, and accelerate investments with a focus on China s growth momentum, promote overseas investment with our investment model of Combining China s Growth Momentum with Global Resources . We will also introduce more outstanding partners into China and share the growth momentum arising from economic transformation and development 
For asset management, we will put more emphasis on facilitating the establishment of an integrated financing platform for LPs based on our existing foundation. Leveraging improvements in our investment capabilities, we will enhance product innovation. Meanwhile, we will have access to high quality capital such as insurance capital through various channels and will vigorously promote rapid growth in scale of our asset management operations.
Therefore, Fosun will make a major stride towards becoming a world- class investment group underpinned by the twin drivers of insurance- oriented comprehensive financial capability and profound industrial foothold based investment capability .
MISSION, VISION AND OBJECTIVES OF 
Our mission: to drive the healthy development of the natural and commercial environments, and actively support the two rejuvenation of the Chinese economy and culture.
Our vision: to become a world-class investment group underpinned by the twin drivers of insurance-oriented comprehensive financial capability and profound industrial foothold based investment capability . Our visionary objectives include two parts: firstly, we hope that with the help from Fosun, each enterprise in which Fosun invested will grow into a domestic or global top-notch enterprise in their respective industries. Secondly, the Group, through serving high-caliber global investors and entrepreneurial teams, will become a premium investment group. We shall establish investment platforms through various methods (such as by attracting talents and teams, through investments, mergers and acquisitions, etc.) on a global basis, across different industries, throughout the whole industry chain and all business models, so as to deliver more high-return investments and accelerate the pursuit of our strategic development objective of becoming a premium investment group.
Our performance in the past depended largely on the support and help from all sectors of the society and positive efforts made by all staff of Fosun. I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to members of the Board, all staff of the Group, the teams of entrepreneurs the Group invested in and cooperation partners for your confidence in and support for Fosun.
Looking ahead, we should remember by heart our missions, visions and responsibilities. We will continue to adhere to our development principle of Together We Make a Difference , insist on our core values of self-improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society , conform to our corporate culture of frank exchange of views, staying legally compliant and highly transparent, embracing openness and harmony, learning and innovation and gratitude, adhering to entrepreneurial mindsets, focusing on entrepreneurs and unrelenting pursuit of excellence and perfection.
In 2014, we continue to move on.

25 March 2014 