2009 was a year of challenges and opportunities. Against the backdrop of the global fi nancial crisis, China s economy outperformed others and maintained rapid growth. Led by a team of excellent entrepreneurs, the Group achieved satisfactory operating results by making continuous efforts in improving management and gaining access to high quality capital, with a goal of investing in China s growth momentum. During the Reporting Period, the Group s revenue was RMB34,855.8 million, representing a decrease of 13.4% as compared with 2008, while the profi t attributable to owners of the parent was RMB4,646.7 million, representing an increase of 249.8% as compared with 2008. Profi t attributable to owners of the parent set a new record since the establishment of the Group. Net assets attributable to owners of the parent of the Group increased from RMB0.29 per share in 2004 to RMB3.81 per share as at the end of the Reporting Period, representing a compound annual growth rate of 67.1%.

Profi t attributable to owners of the parent 
Pharmaceuticals: During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma, a subsidiary of the Company, achieved outstanding results. Profi t attributable to owners of the parent contributed by the pharmaceuticals segment recorded a growth of 353.6% as compared with 2008. This was primarily attributable to the listing of Sinopharm, in which Fosun Pharma holds equity interest, and the steady growth of the pharmaceutical manufacturing and research and development business, distribution business and retail business. In respect of pharmaceutical research and development, Fosun Pharma continued to increase investment in pharmaceutical research and development while encouraging product innovation. During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma applied for a total of 89 new patents, established two teams of American scientists of Henlius Bio-Tech Co., Ltd. and Fochon Co., Ltd. and became a shareholder of Handa Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a United States company engaged in pharmaceutical research and development. Moreover, with the introduction of the new healthcare insurance reform in China, 96 types of drugs of Fosun Pharma were selected for the list of national essential medicines in 2009.
Property Development: During the Reporting Period, profi t attributable to owners of the parent contributed by the property development segment increased by 468.2% as compared with 2008. Forte, a subsidiary of the Company, achieved attributable contract sales The Group would strive to develop itself to become a global investment platform with profound industrial presence, leveraging its investment capability and recognised brand and based upon its established advantages and China roots to further strengthen the three core competitive edges of the Group.
GFA of 892,179 sq. m., representing an increase of 150.3% as compared with 2008 and sales revenue of attributable contracts amounted to RMB8,516.5 million, representing an increase of 169.1% as compared with 2008. In 2008, as Forte was fully committed to making progress in project construction during the cyclical bottom of the market and strengthened its efforts in marketing, it has made excellent returns leveraging the rapid market recovery. During the Reporting Period, Forte secured a total of 7 projects with additional projects reserved GFA amounting to 1,434,170 sq. m., of which 1,212,411 sq. m. additional projects reserved GFA was attributable to Forte. The GFA under development attributable to Forte was 2,630,038 sq. m., representing an increase of 9.9% as compared with 2008 and GFA booked attributable to Forte was 577,237 sq. m., representing an increase of 59.9% as compared with 2008.
Steel: During the Reporting Period, profi t attributable to owners of the parent contributed by the steel segment was RMB1,068.1 million, with the gross and attributable outputs of crude steel of the steel segment of the Group being 14.88 million tonnes and 4.95 million tonnes, respectively. Despite the excessive production capacity and keen competition in the overall steel market and highly-volatile steel prices, Nanjing Steel United, a subsidiary of the Company, made signifi cant progress in such adversities, diversifi ed its product mix and developed new products to cater for market demand in new situations. It also made reasonable resource allocations to reduce cost and increased production utilisation rates to achieve better economic effi ciency.
Nanjing Steel United was honoured with a China Quality Award in 2009, marking the general recognition of the management quality of Nanjing Steel United from the community. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the proposed reorganisation of major assets of Nanjing Iron & Steel, a subsidiary of the Company, was approved at its shareholders meeting.
Mining: During the Reporting Period, the mining segment of the Group maintained a relatively high profi tability among its peers by effective cost control in spite of a signifi cant decrease in overall market price.
Profi t attributable to owners of the parent contributed by the mining segment was RMB235.6 million, with the gross and attributable outputs of iron ores, the principal products of the mining segment, at 6.82 million tonnes and 3.02 million tonnes, respectively. During the Reporting Period, Hainan Mining, a subsidiary of the Company, had increased its iron ore reserves by 43.69 million tonnes and its production and sales volume of iron ores both set a record high for the past 20 years retaining its great competitiveness in terms of production costs. In addition, Hainan Mining maintained its advantages in the rapidly fl uctuating market by optimising the 
Retail and Services: During the Reporting Period, the Group s retail and services business developed steadily.
Profi t attributable to owners of the parent contributed by Yuyuan, a principal associate of the Group, was RMB90.2 million, representing an increase of 73.9% as compared with 2008 as it benefi ted from domestic 
The Group adhered to its consistent investment style and principles during the Reporting Period. It actively explored potential investment projects around the world which benefi ted from China s economic growth and increased its investment proportion to capitalise on the rising domestic demand in China. It also encouraged its subsidiaries to participate in industrial integration. As the overseas capital markets declined signifi cantly and the substantial investment value appeared in the secondary market, the Group grasped the opportunity to increase investment in overseas listing enterprises whose businesses were related to domestic demand in China, mainly including Focus Media, Tongjitang Chinese Medicines Company and Chindex International, Inc. The total investment of USD155.6 million brought sound returns. The Group also increased its land bank in a proper and timely manner. As at 31 December 2009, the total projects reserved GFA was 10,883,991 sq. m. (including jointly-controlled entities and associates of Forte), which laid a solid foundation for the development of the Group in the property industry.
During the Reporting Period, the capital expenditure of the Group totalled RMB3,619.5 million, which was mainly used for technological upgrades and new construction projects at the subsidiaries level. Moreover, the Group divested part of its assets as appropriate, for cash infl ows of RMB1,902.6 million, maintaining the Group s fi nancial position at a healthy level.
During the Reporting Period, the Group had an addition of 15 strategic investment projects, totalling RMB1,577.4 million. Leveraging the recovery of A-Share markets and the restarting of IPOs, various Pre-IPO projects invested in by the Group were fi led for approval from relevant regulatory authorities at the end of February 2010, three of which obtained approval from the Issuance Review Committee of China Securities Regulatory Commission and one of which was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The structure of the capital market of the PRC has been further optimised since 2009 and the Group will continue to make an effort in delivering more strategic investments and accelerate the listing process of its invested projects in 2010.

During the Reporting Period, the Group strived to raise high quality capital through multiple channels and increased low-cost medium-to-long-term debt fi nancing. At the end of the Reporting Period, the issuance of enterprise bonds of Nanjing Steel United and corporate bonds of Forte and Yuyuan were successfully completed and raised a total of RMB4,900.0 million. As a result, the debt structure of the Group was optimised and the proportion of medium-to-long-term debts increased to 41.7% as at the end of the Reporting Period from 38.0% as at the beginning of the Reporting Period. Aside from reinforcing its debt fi nancing, the Group seized the opportunity to carry out equity fi nancing with the recovery of the capital market in China. During the Reporting Period, Sinopharm was successfully listed in Hong Kong. The re-fi nancing plans in the A shares of Fosun Pharma and Forte were approved at their respective shareholders meetings. Moreover, the Group began to explore operations in the asset management business. The Renminbi real estate fund established by Forte has raised RMB551.1 million. At the end of the Reporting Period, the cash and bank balances of the Group amounted to RMB15,947.6 million.

Looking forward in 2010, although the Chinese and global economic circumstances are expected to experience uncertainties, the Group believes that the general direction of China s economic development will remain unchanged. Urbanisation and industrialisation will continue. However, with the expediting economic transformation, domestic demand will play a more signifi cant role in boosting economic growth. Different core business segments of the Group will continue to benefi t from China s economic growth.
In addition, the Group will evaluate different investment opportunities cautiously in order to control investment risks. As a conglomerate mainly engaged in investment and post-investment management optimisation, the Group would strive to further develop itself to become a unique global investment platform with profound industrial presence, leveraging its investment capability and recognised brand and based upon its established advantages and China roots, therefore, to further strengthen the three core competitive edges of the Group and embrace new challenges.
One important focus for the Group s future development would be globalisation. We are honoured to invite Mr. John Snow, the former Treasury Secretary of the United States, to be the consultant of the Board from the beginning of 2010. Mr. John Snow will help us to optimise and enhance the global strategy by sharing his experience as senior executive in some of the world s top 500 enterprises and government authorities. In February 2010, the Group and Carlyle Group, one of the largest private equity investment companies in the world, announced a global comprehensive strategic partnership. Focusing on the opportunities brought by China s rapid economic growth, the partnership will invest in enterprises with high growth and companies that would benefi t from China s growth. Both parties co-founded the fi rst foreign-funded partnership equity investment enterprise in China. By collaborating strategically with leading international individuals and institutions, the Group will take those successful enterprises as benchmarks in the aspects of global investment, fi nancing, optimised operation management and human resources management etc, and connect with their global investment platforms and capitalise on their investment capabilities. Looking forward, the Group will seek investment opportunities in relation to the growth of the PRC with global vision, and endeavour to deliver remarkable returns for the shareholders.
Based on the values of self improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society , the Group has been dedicated to contribute to society and considerable contributions were made to various areas, including education, health care and environment. In 2009, the Group was invited to organise the private enterprise pavilion in the 2010 Shanghai World Expo and has effi ciently completed a series of tasks within a tight schedule, including preparation, exhibition invitation, design and construction. I would like to cordially invite those who have long been supportive of the Group to come to Shanghai in 2010 to visit the private enterprise pavilion and Shanghai World Expo.
Indeed, what the Group cares for the most is to discover, train and support its entrepreneurial team through optimised allocation of internal resources. The Group endeavours to create more high quality job opportunities in order to fundamentally help solve social problems, such as employment. The Group also wishes to contribute our efforts to the development of the business culture in China and the world.
Lastly, with our efforts and under the leadership of its excellent entrepreneurial team, the Group endeavors to become a premium enterprise with global competitiveness to thereby maximise the value for its shareholders.

The success of the Group was attributable to all of its shareholders, customers, business partners and all parties valuing the Group, and the hard work and loyalty of its entire staff. On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to all of them and look forward to their continuing support in the coming year.

24 March 2010 