CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
I am pleased to report that the Group s performance remained resilient in FY2015 albeit under challenging and volatile market conditions in both Mainland China and Hong Kong and continued to post fruitful results.
Forces Backing Infrastructure Growth The Chinese government has been targeting economic growth of around 7% in 2015. Multiple fiscal easing policies and industry reform plans have been released to support private investments in infrastructure projects and expand domestic consumption. As supported by the operating performance in FY2015, the majority of our Roads and Water projects delivered steady organic growth on the back of continued urbanization and economic development. The decline in electricity sales under our Energy segment, however, was mainly due to the impact of preferential policies for renewable energy and large scale generators.
To embark on the environmental sector in Mainland China in a major way, the Group, through a joint venture with Suez Environnement ( SUEZ ), entered into an agreement with Chongqing Water Assets Management Co., Ltd. to form an investment platform valued at RMB30.0 billion in June 2015.
The demand for modern sewage, sludge and waste treatment facilities will remain strong following the enactment of national policies and regulations such as the Action Plan for Water Pollution Prevention and Control and new Environmental Protection Law. While this investment is pending relevant government approvals, with the combined technical expertise and financial strengths of our two partners, we are confident that we will be able to capture this market in a timely manner.
Our railway logistics project, China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited ( CUIRC ), continues to make satisfactory progress and is well poised to capitalize on the Belt and Road Initiative with the expansion of Chongqing terminal nearing completion and the construction of Urumqi and Tianjin terminals currently underway.
Since the acquisition of Goshawk Aviation Limited ( Goshawk ) in February 2015, the aircraft leasing business expanded rapidly as the fleet size increased from 27 to 40 in FY2015 and started to make profit contribution. Coupled with the first full-year results of Beijing Capital International Airport Co., Ltd. ( BCIA ) and Xiamen Container Terminal Group Co., Ltd. ( XCTG ), Attributable Operating Profit ( AOP ) of the Ports & Logistics segment grew by 41%. The clear revenue and earnings visibility will allow BCIA to maximize its potential with higher operating leverage. Hence the relatively new aviation business will act as an important growth driver in future years.
Last but not least, in relation to infrastructure projects, the Group exercised its option and increased its effective interest in XCTG from 13.8% to 20% in September 2015. Given the promising growth potential displayed by XCTG since its establishment in December 2013 and in light of the development of free trade zones across the Xiamen region, the Group is confident that this investment decision will be a rewarding one.
Hong Kong Services Portfolio Notwithstanding a 6% drop in AOP for the Services division in FY2015, the outlook of the division remains promising based on the steady demand for premium exhibition and banqueting facilities and the vibrant construction market. Being the regional market leader, the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre ( HKCEC ) is fully committed to maintaining its growth momentum despite space constraints. Meanwhile, the order books of our construction companies are virtually full with a total gross value reaching a record high level of HK$71.0 billion at the end of FY2015.
The Group s focus and strategy in maximizing organic growth and channelling resources to capture and develop reinvestment opportunities delivered fruitful results amid challenging market conditions 
Correspondingly, however, the performance of our Free Duty shops continues to be marred by high rentals and the decrease in high-spending visitors from Mainland China. The Transport business also suffered a significant loss of bus patronage during the Occupy Central Movement period and from the subsequent rollout of the MTR West Island Line in the latter half of 2014. Nevertheless, the Group is confident that such impact on our bus operations can be lessened over time through rationalization of bus routes and with the fuel cost being curbed at a low ebb through hedging arrangements.
With a clear focus to allocate resources to the management and development of infrastructure and services related businesses, the Group scaled down certain strategic investments in FY2015. This included the sale of shares in Newton Resources Ltd ( Newton Resources ) which reduced the Group s equity interest from 48% to 35.5% in June 2015.

AOP grew by 2% to HK$4.457 billion while profit attributable to shareholders improved by 4% to reach HK$4.478 billion in FY2015. AOP growth of 8% posted by the Infrastructure division validated the Group s foresight and proficiency in entering the fast growing aviation industry and tackling the profit gap following the disposal of mature assets such as Companhia de Electricidade de Macau CEM, S.A. ( Macau Power ).
Riding on rising toll revenue and with Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section) resuming operations in both directions following the substantial completion of expansion works in late December 2014, the Roads segment delivered AOP growth of 
As earlier reported, the 6% decline in AOP for Services division was contributed by a number of factors. Firstly, the rise in rental expenses under the current concessions affected the profit margin of the Free Duty shops. Secondly, the dip in fare revenue resulted from a reduction in bus patronage. Lastly, there was a contraction in earnings under the Strategic Investment segment, which reflected a reduced investment portfolio.
While profit attributable to shareholders increased by 4%, the overall results were somewhat clouded by the combined impact of exceptional items. As explained in the interim results announcement, the disposal gain of approximately HK$1.5 billion from Macau Power was offset by the impairment losses on Newton Resources and Guangzhou Dongxin Expressway which amounted to HK$1.3 billion and HK$0.3 billion respectively. In the latter half of the financial year, the reclassification of Haitong International Securities Group Limited ( Haitong International ) from an associated company to an available-for-sale financial asset yielded a fair value gain upon its remeasurement of approximately HK$0.9 billion although this was substantially offset by further losses on impairment and the partial disposal of Newton Resources of approximately 
The Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.33 per share, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50%.
Corporate Sustainability Development The Group endeavours to bring social value to the people and communities that it serves through the mobilization of corporate resources and volunteer support. In 2014, we reached a milestone by releasing our first standalone sustainability report and dedicated website to enhance transparency and stakeholder communication. The Group is honoured to receive wider recognition for its dedicated and long standing efforts in corporate sustainability, including being selected as the constituent member of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index five years in a row since the Index s inception and receiving consecutive awards in family friendly policies, corporate volunteering as well as web accessibility.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to congratulate Mr Tsang Yam Pui who was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with effect from 1 July 2015 and welcome Mr Hui Hon Chung who joined the Company as the Deputy Chief Executive Officer on 1 September 2015. I believe these changes in the management team structure will serve to strengthen its capability to manage the Group s expanded portfolio and bring new impetus to the Group s performance.

In closing, I would like to extend my sincere gratitude to our business partners and shareholders for their support throughout the financial year. I must also thank our dedicated Board, management team and committed employees for their hard work and continuous efforts over the years. Their hard work has firmly cemented the Group s foundation to drive quality growth and create long-term shareholder value.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 23 September 2015 