CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2014 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2014 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB8,147,338,000, representing an increase of approximately 24.6% from 2013. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB267,376,000, representing an increase of approximately 314.1% from 2013. The gross profit margin for the year was 24.8%, representing a slight decrease of 0.1 percentage points from last year.
As China s economy continued to be under the pressure arising from the resultant effects of weak domestic demand and adjustment to external demand, the macroeconomic indicators such as the annual GDP growth rate were pulled down, and the economy also grew at a much lower rate. In this regard, the deliveries of equipment manufacturing industry products were also affected. However, benefiting from the continuous development of technology, the overall costs for the industry decreased significantly. Meanwhile, with the improvement of the wind power infrastructure such as the smart grid, the policies relating to offshore wind power were introduced successively, providing strong supports for the recovery of wind power industry in 2014. According to preliminary statistics of Chinese Wind Energy Association, new installed capacity of wind power in 2014 was 23,350,500 kW, representing an increase of 45.1% as compared with 2013. The total installed capacity reached to 115 million kW, representing an increase of 25.5% as compared with the previous year. For the year ended 31 December 2014, the delivery of wind power transmission gear box of China High Speed Transmission in the PRC was approximately 10.4GW, the highest on record. China High Speed Transmission continues to be the largest provider of wind power transmission equipment products in the PRC.
As indicated in the latest 2014 Global Wind Statistics published by Bloomberg New Energy Finance, a research institute, the new installed capacity of onshore wind power in China for the year of 2014 reached 20.7 GW, four times larger than the US market size and accounting for 40% of the global new installed capacity. Since 2009, in respect of wind power, China has exceeded the US and become the largest market for the past six consecutive years, which demonstrated China s immense potential regarding the commercial and scale development of wind energy resources. With the up-trend of domestic and international economic situation and the improvement of wind power infrastructure such as the smart grid, the state increased its supporting efforts on the wind power industry.
In the long run, unfavorable factors such as grid connection issues will be gradually eliminated. Thus, there will be a new round of rapid growth for the industry. Furthermore, wind power, as one of the top three major power sources, has significantly contributed to the adjustment to China s energy structure, the emission reduction of greenhouse gases and the protection of ecological environment.
Looking back to 2014, facing the situation with opportunities and challenges, the Group implemented optimized and lean management policies. Our revenue of wind power transmission equipment products increased 40.1% to RMB5,801,985,000 year on year, and the gross profit margin increased 1.7 percentage points year on year.
As a leading manufacturer of wind gear transmission equipment in the PRC, the Group will continue to expand its product scale, diversify its product mix and design products applicable to low wind speed for the development of its wind power gear box products, so as to meet the different requirements from customers. During the period under review, sales of 1.5MW or below wind power transmission equipment accounted for 46.9% of total sales of wind power transmission equipment products. Such percentage is expected to further decrease in 2015 since the Group will mainly focus the production of 2MW, 3MW and even 5MW or above wind power transmission equipment products. In terms of technical level, the Group has kept abreast with international competitors. During the period under review, the Group supplied 5MW large wind power gear boxes to its customers ,and further optimized 5MW and 6MW wind power gear box transmission equipment. The Group also established good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including GE Energy, Nordex, Vestas, Repower, Hitachi, Alstom Wind (?>re), Suzlon, Goldwind (yb), Sinovel (), Guangdong Mingyang ( qg f }), Shanghai Electric ( N wm #l), Guodian United ( W o T), Dongfang Electric (qg e #l), Envision Energy ( of n) and windey(K T ). Furthermore, the Group actively explored international markets, and successively established wholly-owned subsidiaries in the US, Germany, Singapore and Canada to present its high- quality service integrated with sales, maintenance, technique supports to overseas customers. In the future, we will continue to focus on product quality while strengthening international competitiveness to expand our global market 
Although traditional transmission equipment products were affected by the slowdown of macro economy, our revenue from such segment still remained at a stable level. In the future, the Group will strengthen product research and development, change its sales strategies, carry out modularization management, integrate advantageous resources, improve the quality control system, and further promote product design and development so as to bring the development of traditional transmission equipment business to a new state through mature market operation.
Starting from 2015, in order to push forward with plans to restructure the energy mix and develop renewable energy, the Group has stripped the mining machinery business in accordance with relevant national policies to achieve optimal distribution of resources. The Group disposed of 60% interest in Zhong-Chuan Heavy Duty Equipment Co., Ltd. and 100% interest in Nanjing Guote Gear Box Manufacturing Co., Ltd. on 20 January 2015, which will help further improve the Company s profitability.
Looking forward to 2015, the positive effects of deep reform on macro economy are expected. Meanwhile, with the improvement of the conditions for wind power grid connection and the introduction of various favorable national policies, the wind power industry will enter into a new normal of stable growth. The Group will continue to increase and enhance the production of gear transmission products in the future by positioning gear transmission products as its core business. The Group will adopt cautious and pragmatic strategy to pay attention to the prospects of electric control, heavy duty high precision machine tools and LED sapphire substrate business and closely follow conditions of product market, while striving to ensure the sound development of its existing business, so as to formulate development strategies for relevant products. We will promote relevant business with a sense of fiduciary duties to shareholders and continue to improve the quality of our core business and economy of scale, in order to become the listed company being principally engaged in equipment manufacturing with advanced technologies, optimized structure, significant profit, synergetic development between domestic and overseas market, best corporate governance and market value.
I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management, the Board, all staff, shareholders and investors who have contributed to and put faith in the Group as well as our business partners who have been supportive of the 
27 March 2015 