LETTER TO SHAREHOLDERSFosun will celebrate its 25th
anniversary in 2017. Every Fosuner
and I would like to express our thanks
to you all for your trust and being here
all these years to share every precious
moment with us.
In the past year, Fosun maintained its strong growth momentum
of development and made significant breakthroughs in its
business performance. As of 31 December 2016, the Group’s
consolidated assets grew by 19.5% to RMB 486.78 billion and
the equity attributable to the owners of the parent increased by
21.9% to RMB 92.37 billion in 2016 compared with that in 2015.
The compound annual growth rate (“CAGR”) of net assets was
23.7% for the recent five years. Profit attributable to the owners
of the parent reached RMB 10.27 billion, representing a yearon-year
increase of 27.7% or a CAGR of 24.7% in the past
five years. Fosun’s net profit hit a record high above RMB 10
billion, signifying Fosun has embarked on a new chapter in its
business endeavours and development. The Board resolved to
recommend payment of a final dividend of HKD0.21 per ordinary
share for the year ended 31 December 2016.
The financial figures highlight our effective implementation of
business strategy, yet we always resist complacency that has
made us continue to excel our ultimate objective. To draw an
analogy between a company’s evolution and human growth, I
would say after 25 years of development, we have grown from
children into charismatic adolescents and now blossoming
youths. We have been increasingly aware that the most important
aspect of a company’s development is its capability to bring longterm
growth in shareholders’ value. We have attached great
importance to our customers’ needs, and we regard customers
as the foundation for a long-term growth in enterprise value.
Fosun’s mission is “Creating a happiness ecosystem for success,
bringing a healthy, happy, and wealthy life to families around the
world”.
Surmounting the ups and downs in the
economic cycle and creating value for
shareholders consistently
In the past five years, our business mix has shown the characteristics
of “high growth, light asset and capability to withstand cyclical risks”.
For instance, we have quickly put in place Fosun’s medical and
senior care businesses. This has resulted in the consistent increase
of the proportion of the “health, happiness and wealth” business in
Fosun’s total assets and profit. As of 31 December 2016, the total
assets of “health, happiness and wealth” business were increased by
28.8%1
 compared with that in 2015, accounting for more than 80.0%
of the Fosun Group’s total assets. In addition, the “health, happiness
and wealth” business has become the most important source of
Fosun’s profit, contributing more than 76.0%.
Developing business while effectively
controlling financial risks, optimizing the
balance sheet consistently
While maintaining organic and external growth, Fosun has paid more
attention to risk control, especially effective control of financial risks
through proactive management. Specifically, the overall maturity
period of liabilities has increased. Debts with duration of three years
and longer periods accounted for 45.0% of the total liabilities. The
financing cost kept on decreasing, with the average financing cost
continuously decreasing from 5.7% per annum in 2013 to 4.5% per
annum in 2016 (5.0% per annum in 2015). The proportion of assets
with high liquidity kept on increasing. Both the net gearing ratio and
the capital debt ratio continued to decrease.
Great potential for appreciation in the
value of assets
I am very proud to learn, work and grow together with many
intelligent and diligent colleagues at Fosun. Thanks to everyone’s
efforts, we have been able to live through the ups and downs of the
economic cycle and fostered the development of many high-quality
projects. As a result, we have built up huge potential for appreciation
in the value of assets and can expect a harvest season. This can
best be illustrated by successful investments and operations such as
Focus Media, Cainiao, YUNDA Holding Co., Ltd. and Atlantis Sanya.
At this moment, I can sum up Fosun’s development in the past
25 years in the following words: to achieve long-term growth in
shareholders’ value and bring a happier life to customers, we
have been working conscientiously and earnestly everyday as
if we were skating on thin ice and standing on the brink of an
abyss. These are the values we have been insisting since the first
day that Fosun was founded, and Fosun will continue to practise
what it believes in.
Believing in learning, progress,
and development, creating a global
happiness ecosystem for success
New achievements were made one after another in 2016, but this
gives me a deep sense of unease. Why? Because a fast-changing
world poses many challenges and people are prone to lose direction
in such a fast-changing world. For instance, internet and mobile
internet are changing the world, at an even faster pace, and they
make their presence increasingly felt in manufacturing industry
and the supply chain. Breakthroughs in technological innovations
are also happening more rapidly. Notably, the impact of artificial
intelligence may surpass those of all other technologies such as
mobile internet. Globalized investment, trade, and exchange of ideas
about technologies are becoming more frequent, but the voice of
anti-globalization movement is growing stronger. As globalization
and anti-globalization movement are interwoven, surprises or the socalled
“black swan incidents” will become more frequent to such an
extent that they will become part of the norm.
Faced with these changes and challenges, we will assume more
responsibilities for the well-being of the world, that is, Fosun
will help the world change for the better. Therefore, Fosun has
to create a happiness ecosystem for families all over the world.
The question is how Fosun can attain this goal. I think the key to
this undertaking is C2M business model.
C2M - the present and future of Fosun
C2M, or Customer-to-Maker, is a business model that induces
the restructuring of the value chains of all the industries in the
whole society. C2M enables complete linkage between individual
consumers and manufacturer for the first time in the industrial age
through mobile internet, high-efficiency logistics management and
devices, Fin-Tech and especially such technologies as big data and
artificial intelligence. Of course, C2M is not intended to be a means
of eliminating all the intermediaries, but only those of no value.
For intermediaries of value, C2M can transform itself into C2B2M
(Customer-to-Business-to-Maker).
Fosun is one of the first companies to discern the opportunities of
C2M in the restructuring of industries. Fosun has also promptly put
in place a number of investments and operations, which feature
C2M. All such investments and operations have enabled us to gain
thorough understanding of C2M.
To begin with, we need to reach the customers with coordinated
online and offline efforts so as to fully tap the potential.
We have made the following predictions: the market will become
increasingly fragmented and the means of reaching customers
will become increasingly diverse in the future. The offline means
of reaching customers have become popular again as businesses
recognize its value. In the future, any company that only relies on
one channel or a third-party channel to reach customers, or only
buys access to online traffic, or even does so at a high price in order
to stay in business, will be constrained by lack of control over its own
business and is doomed to fail.
How can Fosun reach customers directly in such situation? On one
hand, we have made investments to strengthen our online channels
for reaching customers such as investing in the Weiyi, a leading
online portal in the healthcare industry of China, Qinbaobao, a
leading online portal in the maternal and nursery healthcare industry
of the country and Fosun-Pay, a channel for reaching customers
through their online payments and for collecting both cash and data
from such customers. On the other hand, Fosun’s offline channels
for reaching customers are also gradually showing their value. For
example, the value of the Group’s core properties at prime locations
are increasing gradually again; and Club Med has used its brand
influence and services such as those of Mini Club to switch tourist
products that are not frequently purchased into frequently purchased
products.
Therefore, Fosun has to combine online and offline channels in the
future and reach customers by diverse means. This will enable it to
tap the full potential value of the channels. Of course, we are fully
aware that it is a very difficult task to build up the capability to reach
customers. However, Fosun never evades undertaking challenging
task. We will endeavour to persevere.
Secondly, we need to strengthen our capability as a maker of
goods or provider of services who are geared towards adaptable
and sophisticated production with the spirit of the craftsman and by
restructuring the supply chain.
In “C2M”, the letter “M” refers to “Maker”– a manufacturer who
is geared towards adaptable and sophisticated production by
adopting artificial intelligence, robots and sophisticated supply chain
management. I think the concept of “Maker” can be extended to
areas beyond manufacturing, for example, the performances of
Cirque du Soleil, the film and television productions of Studio 8 and
the new business models for commerce and retailing in Hive City.
Fosun, as a manufacturer or a producer who is geared towards
adaptable and sophisticated production can use the C2M business
model to understand and process a massive amount of data about
the customers. We will then be well-positioned to conduct research
and development and to establish an adaptable work flow and
arrange for a more flexible supply of raw materials. All these will
enable us to respond swiftly to customers’ personalized needs.
There is always a push-and-pull relationship between a supplier and
a customer and whoever is stronger has the upper hand. In other
words, if you can produce an amazing product, you need not worry
about the customer’s monopoly. At the same time, a customer is
always looking for a trustworthy company which can produce good
content and strong products.
Therefore, any company which can become a target of investment
by Fosun has to meet certain criteria – it must have the spirit of a
craftsman, produce competitive products and have the ability to
meet customers’ new requirements. For example, we have invested
in AHAVA, which is regarded as a national treasure of Israel and
is the only skin care brand that has been permitted by the Israeli
government to tap the resources of the Dead Sea and Sanyuan
Foods, which is one of China’s best dairy product companies in terms
of quality and quality control. These are the kind of companies that
Fosun has always been seeking to invest in.
All of the companies that Fosun has invested in have to
restructure and improve according to the standards and
requirements of the C2M business model. This means that they
have to be able to enhance the use of data, increase investment
in product development, improve manufacturing processes and
be geared towards adaptable production with the advent of mobile
internet. The supply chain should be more scientific, more efficient,
and geared towards the adaptable and sophisticated production.
C2M enables the integration of flows
of capital, information and materials,
and thus the formation of a closed-loop
system for customer service in creation
of a happiness ecosystem for success
When Fosun and all of its subsidiaries have adopted the C2M
business model, the flows of capital, information and materials
will be integrated into one. The integration of the three flows need
not to happen in a single business entity. It is more important
that the integration takes place in one ecosystem of businesses
and enables the formation of a closed-loop system for customer
service. In the future, the closed-loop system has to be established
in each of Fosun’s businesses. The closed-loop system will enable
the businesses to provide one-stop customer services and to
cooperate with external parties. These closed-loop systems will
feature prominently in the happiness ecosystem that Fosun has built
intelligently. For example:
Fosun has preliminarily built a closed-loop system for its healthcare
business, which covers health insurance, medical care and health
management, and is supplemented by retail pharmacies and
development of pharmaceuticals and medical devices. In addition,
we will have to make two breakthroughs in 2017. Firstly, having put
Fosun United Health Insurance and Star Healthcare into operation,
we must form a closed-loop system to include health insurance,
health management, and medical care. In that closed-loop system,
Fosun’s health insurance and health management will prevent its
customers from illnesses. Secondly, we should take advantage of the
Star Castle Living’s and Star eHealth’s capabilities to provide senior
care and combine them with Fosun’s senior care facilities and senior
insurance to establish an advantageous closed-loop system for
“senior community and happy old age”. Meanwhile, Fosun will also
invest more in the innovation and research and development in the
healthcare industry, including the move to step up the research and
development of drugs and the innovation in medical devices so as
to provide technological support to the establishment of closed-loop
system for its healthcare business.
We will also establish a closed-loop system for our maternal and
nursery healthcare business. We have invested in a leading portal
in the industry such as Qinbaobao that can draw online traffic, and
we are strengthening its operation by sourcing the best products
for maternal and nursery healthcare in the world. The portal also
features gynaecological and obstetric services such as United Family
Healthcare. Fosun has the capabilities to establish a closed-loop
system to meet the needs for maternal and nursery healthcare.
Fosun will also establish a closed-loop system for its tourism
business. Although many agents are selling their products through
various channels, but the products, such as the tourist services
provided by Club Med and Atlantis are not frequently engaged. We
need to search for more channels to reach customers directly. For
example, we can leverage Thomas Cook’s advantageous distribution
system in Europe to connect with the customers directly. We believe
that tourism products can be delivered directly to the customers. We
will integrate all of the resources to establish a closed-loop system.
All these closed-loop systems are centered on products and services.
In addition, Fosun has several advantageous core capabilities
to establish other types of closed-loop systems such as those of
“Finance +”, “Properties +” and “Internet +”.
What is the concept of “+”? It is about integrating Fosun’s advantages
and making the best out of various resources to establish a closedloop
system. To that end, we start with a single point, a single
product, or a single service business and then integrate it with other
industries. “Finance +”, for example, is about creating opportunities to
reach customers frequently through financial service. As an example,
we started with health insurance, the wealth management of H&A
and Fosun-Pay, then link and integrate them with other industries to
establish closed-loop systems. Hive City is an important offline portal
to attract traffic, so “Properties +” is about starting with the real estate
business and integrate it with other industries one by one to establish
a closed-loop system. All these closed-loop systems have to be
enabled by the internet, but they cannot be confined to the internet;
they should be profoundly integrated with other industries.
Ultimately, these closed-loop systems will all be completed in
Fosun’s happiness ecosystem. This is a process of allowing the
businesses to empower each other, to enable each other to enhance
its own products, and to work out better solutions to address
customers’ real needs. They will also serve as a foundation for each
other’s development, and their developments will become closely
intertwined. Through investments and cooperation, we will add new
elements to Fosun’s ecosystem of businesses and make them to
reinforce and complement each other. We will seek for opportunities
to upgrade the ecosystem of businesses, which will also keep on
empowering all the elements within such ecosystem and supporting
them in their attempts to form their own closed-loop systems so as
to enable them to develop faster and perform better. This is the core
philosophy of how Fosun establishes its ecosystem of businesses
intelligently.
Fosun’s business ecosystem is growing
broader, deeper and stronger in 2017
We have now defined the direction of Fosun’s development in the
future, that is, creating a happiness ecosystem for success with
the C2M business model. In 2017, we will try every means to make
Fosun’s business ecosystem deepen and flourish, that is, to grow
broader, deeper and stronger. This will enable all the elements in
Fosun’s ecosystem of businesses to develop in synergy and achieve
organic growth.
In terms of “growing broader”, it means, on one hand, the capability of
Fosun’s ecosystem of businesses for “health, happiness and wealth”
to enable all of its elements to integrate with each other, combine
their strengths and leverage the broad range of their businesses to
develop in synergy and in closed-loop systems. On the other hand,
the term “growing broader” also refers to Fosun’s continuing drive
for globalization and its pursuit of broader geographical market
coverage. While reinforcing our footholds in developed countries,
we will focus on emerging markets of such countries and regions as
Russia, Brazil, India, and Southeast Asia.
As regards “growing deeper”, Fosun has always emphasized
profound industrial accumulation. Both its investments and
businesses have to be conducted according to the principle of
profound industrial integration. Every closed-loop system that we
have proposed must develop their businesses with depth, enhance
the competitiveness of their products, which are excellent in quality.
At the same time, we need to deepen our understanding of different
regions across the world and seek opportunities that fit into Fosun’s
strategies in those regions through the local teams. Notably, Fosun,
as a global company which was founded and has taken roots in
China and specifically in Shanghai, will definitely develop further the
local market of Shanghai and other provincial markets of China while
pressing ahead with its globalization drive. We firmly believe that
leaves cannot be luxuriant without deep roots. We can only conduct
our globalization drive well with the profound localization of our
operations.
While “growing stronger or reaching a new height”, it refers to
Fosun’s ideas about innovation and product development that I would
like to share with you.
Fosun must continue to be ahead of the curve in terms of technology
and business model, and must occupy high grounds in competition in
fast-changing times. It must take initiatives in such areas as research
and development of medicines and medical technology, innovation
in retail business models, integration of financial service into more
situations and more types of industries, the upgrading of various
creative products, and the upgrading of Hive City. We must fit product
development into the company’s development. Both Fosun and its
subsidiaries have to increase investment in research and in creating
innovative businesses. For Fosun, innovation and research is not
an option, but is a must and priority. Fosun’s development in
the future will definitely be driven by technologies.
We propose that Fosun Pharma should be in the same position
within the global healthcare industry just like how Huawei is
positioned within the telecommunications equipment and service
industry. It should take every effort to make faster breakthroughs in
gene sequencing, innovative medicine, precision operation, artificial
intelligence and other medical services. Fosun aspires to become
the world’s pioneer in Fin-Tech, building on the achievements of
the giants in the past, through financial innovation in particular.
Besides, Fosun will also have to lead the industry in the adoption of
C2M business model which will drive the restructuring of traditional
manufacturing industry and the supply chain.
Furthermore, we need to emphasize Fosun’s immense worldwide
social responsibility in the world. Fosun has preliminarily established
a business layout which has a geographical market coverage all
over the world. This entails corporate social responsibility on a global
scale. For example, we sponsored a Protechting start up accelerating
program in Portugal. We should introduce more amazing products
to the society, support young people to be innovative and generate
more employment opportunities for them. This will increase efficiency
and productivity within the society. As a responsible global corporate
citizen, Fosun will try its best to help the world change for the better.
The above-mentioned ideas about the direction of the Company’s
development in the future resulted from thorough discussions
among all members of Fosun’s management. I would like to take this
opportunity to keep you posted on the details of Fosun’s work plans
for 2017.
One Fosun, further enhancement of
management structure, empowerment
of the capacity to create value
In order to achieve the target of its globalization drive, Fosun not
only improves consistently its capabilities but also enhances both its
management structure and corporate culture. Therefore, Fosun is
taking efforts to build the One Fosun platform through the upgrading
of the management structure. The platform, which will combine the
flexible frontline and the strong middle and back offices, will enable
Fosun to carry out its strategies with agility at various levels. In
addition, the One Fosun platform will be an organization system
that enables Fosun to adapt to the market with the advent of mobile
internet and new technologies. It will empower the “combat troops”
at the frontline through the lean, efficient and strong middle and back
offices.
As to the management strategy, not only will Fosun aim for
eliminating competition, it will even encourage a certain degree
of overlapping of different teams. “Overlap” here means no strict
definition of the boundaries between the business scopes of
different teams and an appropriate degree of overlapping of different
operations. To draw an analogy, I would say that there should be
more than one player for each of the position in a football team,
and those who ultimately can play in a match are certainly the best
players who have proven their abilities by winning their positions
through competition. Such individuals and teams are mature and
trustworthy.
Continuous improvement of Fosun’s
comprehensive financial capability
Fosun’s strong capability to operate various businesses with depth,
comprehensive financial capability with insurance as its core
operation, and global perspective are the three most dominant
genes of Fosun. As Fosun has put in place its financial businesses
worldwide, including those of insurance, banking, securities and
asset management, we must have the capability to integrate finance
with its various businesses seamlessly and continue to improve our
comprehensive financial capability.
We will further improve investment capability that allows us to fully
deploy the available capital generated from its insurance business,
and build up our capability to make investments with fixed returns.
The first life insurance package of our German Run-Off platform has
started its operation. The insurance companies under Fosun will
actively seek to match their operations with Fosun’s resources and
capabilities. We encourage the establishment of special funds for
big projects that fit into Fosun’s strategies. We will press ahead with
the securitization of our assets, and build up our capability to tap the
capital markets.
The “power of three”: Discipline,
discipline, discipline
As a global investment group, Fosun has been adhering to value
investing. The value of an investment that we pay attention to does
not necessarily lie in bargaining the purchase of equity stakes at the
lowest price or comparing our valuation of an investment and that
done by others, or whether our valuation is lower than or the same
as those done by others. We believe in “rediscovering value and
rediscovering potential for growth”. We must discern the value of
investments and their growth drivers that others have failed to spot.
This is the essence of Fosun’s value investing.
At the same time, our investments have to be able to complement to
empower each other to create value. They should be able to combine
Fosun’s capability to operate businesses with depth, financial
capability and globalization capability with all of Fosun’s subsidiaries.
We need to give support to all those companies in their development
and growth, and hope to find more companies that can empower
Fosun’s ecosystem of businesses. However, Fosun does not blindly
follow investment fads and the opinions of the so-called “experts”.
We must exercise our own judgement to screen out the unsound
businesses as targets of investment.
Fosun is an elite organization, and its
staff must be faster than competitors by
0.01 second
Over the past 25 years, I appreciate that it was not easy to achieve
so many goals. They could not be realized without the elite
organization. Thus, Fosun has always been building up an elite
organization. The staff members of Fosun must be elites.
I think “0.01” best serves as the standard of being an elite. In other
words, we need to find those who are 0.01 second faster than the
fastest. We hope to find those who are 0.01 per cent stronger than
others in study. Presently, Fosun has a lot of younger talents. With
professional expertise, a global perspective and entrepreneurial
spirits, they have emerged in all ranks in Fosun and have taken on
more responsibility at work. They are Fosun’s most valuable assets
and they are also the driving force behind Fosun’s development.
Meanwhile, Fosun cannot tolerate mediocre people. It will weed
out those who only have impressive résumés but makes no
achievements at work, those who have experience but cannot
innovate, and those who fail to learn and grow continuously. The
elites we are talking about are those who run faster than their peers
and perform more outstandingly and creatively than others in various
competences.
We need to stress two more points in the establishment of the elite
organization: the first one is “Glocal” (i.e. “Global + Local”). We need
to build up strong local teams. The second point is Fosun’s global
partnership model.
Glocal, the formation of strong local teams
Over the past few years, Fosun has acquired and built up local
companies in Japan, the United Kingdom, Russia, Brazil, and
India. They have a wealth of experience and resources on the local
markets. Along with the global capabilities of Fosun, the proven
combination proves to be a strong and incredible force. For instance,
Japan’s IDERA team has joined Fosun for more than two years and
completed a number of projects. IDERA and Mitsui jointly established
J-REITs, succeeded in listing J-REITs on the Tokyo’s stock market
through an initial public offering, and formed a closed-loop system
comprising investment, financing, management and the operation
of exiting investments. The UK Resolution team has completed the
acquisition of Estrella, a grade-A commercial building in Frankfurt
after it finished the acquisition of a project of Thomas More Square
in London. The Russian Eurasian Capital also achieved outstanding
results. This arrangement will be one of the most important models of
Fosun’s business development.
Meanwhile, Fosun also strongly encourages teams which have
good ideas and entrepreneurial spirit to set up new businesses with
Fosun or to do so by itself. It does not matter whether the team
members are external scientists or are our own colleagues. We
encourage business ideas in the areas of technological research
and development and innovation, which require patience and
commitment. It is self-explanatory that such teams must consist
of members with world-leading talents in the fields and can work
efficiently to match Fosun’s strategies and development.
An increasingly dynamic global
partnership model
With the Fosun Group, the status as the Group’s global partner2
 is the
highest recognition of the Fosun’s elites. The global partnership with
Fosun is not only an incentive, but also an honor and responsibility,
and represents identification with Fosun’s corporate culture, mission
and strategy. At the beginning of this year, Fosun announced a new
group of global partners. Meanwhile, the various businesses affiliated
to Fosun Group are actively setting up multi-level partnership model.
Fosun’s global partners are not only our partners in business, but
also owners of the enterprises and are responsible for implementing
missions and strategies. The global partner team is playing an
increasingly vital role in the development of Fosun. Fosun’s partners
must be self-motivated to strive for success diligently. They must
take initiative to form closed-loop systems and learn how to leverage
Fosun’s resources to promote the synergistic development of
both Fosun and their operations. Fosun’s partners shall identify
themselves with Fosun’s corporate culture, think about the big picture
when planning, and give priority to collective interests. Each partner
shall not only have the expertise in a certain field, but also can
connect and integrate internal and external resources and help to
expand Fosun’s ecosystem of businesses in Fosun’s interests.
Fosun’s partnership is not a system of life tenure. Every year, new
partners join it, while some existing ones exit it. Fosun hopes to
recruit two types of people as its global partners. The first type is
people who can work independently and make great contributions to
Fosun. The second type is people who identify themselves deeply
in line with Fosun’s corporate culture and strategy. They are young
and vigorous with huge potential for development and they are
willing to take on new challenges and do so bravely. We are eager to
foster these two types of people and will give them opportunities for
development.
Lastly, I would like to share two mottos with you:
The first one is
“What you truly believe is the most
powerful”;
and
The second one is
“Learning is the source of our greatest
wisdom, or even the only source of it”.
Therefore, let’s commit ourselves to lifelong learning, and gain a
deep understanding of the changes to the world in 2017. We shall
care for our country, customers, and seek to enhance our products;
keep up the entrepreneurial spirit, remain curious about new things,
and stay aware of the developments in our society and the world;
do the things which are right, difficult, far-reaching, and challenging
and things which can truly create value. We should also be able to
leverage science and technology so as to provide better services for
our clients.
We have worked closely together for Fosun’s development in the
past 25 years. I believe what we have achieved today marks only one
of milestones in the history of Fosun. We will scale new heights in the
future!
I would like to thank all of you for your continued support. On behalf
of Fosun, I would like to wish you fortune and success!
Guo Guangchang
28 March 2017