CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report that the Group has continued to deliver quality growth amidst slow and uneven global economic recovery. Adhering to our shareholder- centric corporate strategy and prudent financial management policy in allocating and recycling capital, the Group successfully embraced merger and acquisition opportunities to reinforce the core businesses and unlocked the value of certain mature assets through divestment activities. Looking ahead, the Group will endeavour to leverage on its financial strength and resilience in maintaining the excellent track record of performance and creating long-term shareholder value.
In Position for Value Creation Recent economic trends indicate that the global economy will expand at a fairly modest pace as the advanced economies tend to generate moderate growth rates while the emerging markets remain plagued by weak market conditions and the signs of slowdown in Mainland China following years of blistering growth. That said, the Group welcomes the positive outcomes of the Third Plenary Session held in November 2013 which confirmed the full support and firm reliance of the Chinese government on urbanization and comprehensive reforms as the ultimate driving force for sustained and healthy economic 
Accordingly, the Chinese leaders have pledged to accelerate reforms and ensure fair competition to encourage the participation of private companies in public projects in order to expedite urban planning and development. The immense demand to establish and revitalize new and existing public utilities to support the future rise in local population and demographic transition naturally presents tremendous investment opportunities across a broad spectrum of asset classes. This background entails that public infrastructure spending in Mainland China will remain on an uptrend in the foreseeable future and act as catalyst for economic growth.
As a pioneer foreign investor in Mainland China with a wide range of market resources and business networks, the Group is in an ideal position to secure value accretive opportunities by selectively investing in its niche areas and tapping into synergistic 
Business Development and Outlook The Ports & Logistics segment saw a remarkable AOP growth of 70%. This impressive performance reflected positively on the Group s foresight and perseverance in connection with the Xiamen port merger and acquisition of interest in Beijing Capital International Airport Co., Ltd. ( BCIA ) during FY2014. The full- year contribution from both of these projects together with the robust demand for logistics and warehousing facilities in Hong Kong will undoubtedly bode well for the future earnings for this segment. The Energy segment remained buoyant as the power plants in Mainland China continued to benefit from softening coal prices. The Group has divested its interest in Macau Power and a disposal gain of approximately HK$1.5 billion will be recognized in FY2015. Having maintained a long position in Macau Power over the years, the Group considers this to be an opportune moment to exit and apply the sale proceeds as additional working capital to develop new business platforms and exploit opportunities with high growth potentials.
The Group continued to leverage on its financial strength and proficiency in developing value accretive investment opportunities to reinforce its core business and ensure sustainable growth.
The Group remains optimistic on the outlook of the toll roads and water industries despite a 9% drop in AOP for each of these segments. The majority of the road projects posted healthy toll revenue and traffic growth in line with the pick-up in economic activity. Regrettably, this favourable effect was offset by the significant reduction in extra profit recognition from Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section) resulting from its partial closure for the expansion project although the impact has begun to dissipate as the expansion is due for completion by the end of 2014. Meanwhile, road traffic efficiency in the Pearl River Delta region is expected to improve following the unification of toll collection systems within Guangdong Province since June 2014. With regard to the Water segment, it is noted that the environmental protection industry is also poised for rapid growth in the near future based on the directives and support policies from the 12 th Five Year Plan to increase and upgrade municipal wastewater and sludge treatment facilities. Against this backdrop, the Group will maintain its proactive approach in seizing and maximizing both organic and inorganic growth along the entire value chain of water, waste and wastewater businesses in Mainland China.

AOP grew by 3% to HK$4.379 billion while profit attributable to shareholders rose by 8% to reach HK$4.325 billion in FY2014. AOP growth of 6% for the Infrastructure division bears testimony to the Group s proficiency in acquiring and operating quality infrastructure assets. On the other hand, AOP of the Services division fell slightly by 1%. However, this result was hard earned and creditable as Construction & Transport segment was able to deliver robust earnings growth of 54% and mitigated the expected profit dip of Facilities Management segment arising from the expiration and renewal of Free Duty s concession contracts as previously reported. The overall results once again endorsed the Group s sterling effort and commitment in maintaining a balanced and defensive business 
The Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.22 per share, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50%.

The Group advocates the principles of good corporate citizenship and the philosophy that corporate success should be accompanied by making positive contributions to the community. During FY2014, the Group partnered with Hong Kong Young Women s Christian Association and opened an elderly daycare centre with rehabilitation bus service in Hong Kong s North District. Such conviction which underpins all our business undertakings has always been well acknowledged by the community, as evident by the numerous accolades received including the third consecutive gold award at the Hong Kong Corporate Citizenship Programme and the Caring Company logo for twelve consecutive years. The Group continued to be a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, reflecting its excellent social, environmental and governance performance.

Last but not least, I would like to express my deepest gratitude and appreciation to the Board, management team and employees of the Group for their advice, dedication and commitment. I must also take this opportunity to thank our shareholders, business partners and associates for their loyal support. The Group values and looks forward to receiving your dependable support as we take on new challenges and 
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 23 September 2014 