Mr. Guo Guangchang 
As at the end of the Reporting Period, net assets attributable to owners of the parent of the Group reached RMB29,873.1 million, representing an increase of 22.0% over the same period last year, 77.5% of which were shares of listed companies owned by the Group, worth RMB35,225.6 million by attributable market capitalisation. The Board proposed to declare and distribute a final dividend of HKD0.17 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2010.

Industrial operations performed well, bringing another prosperous year for investment returns In 2010, the Group delivered sound performance in its overall operation, realising a profit of RMB4,227.1 million, attributable to owners of the parent. The slight decrease in net profit over the same period last year was mainly because net profit of 2009 included a profit contribution of RMB957.6 million from the gain on deemed disposal of equity interest in Sinopharm as a result of its initial public offering ( IPO ) of shares on the Stock Exchange. During the Reporting Period, operating profit of the Group grew by 21.5% year on year. The mining and property segments had an outstanding performance and their operating profit contribution grew by 174.5% and 92.2%, respectively. On the investing front, following the profit contribution of RMB3,413.1 million from investment gain in 2009, the Group booked another profit contribution of RMB2,423.0 million for the Reporting Period. During the Reporting Period, the Group successfully helped list six investment projects both domestically and overseas, increasing the equity value of shareholder of the Company by RMB2,353.6 million.
The principal portfolio companies of the Group operate in industries including pharmaceuticals and healthcare, property, steel and mining. As an active shareholder, we engage professional teams to operate professional companies while providing them with adequate support and effective incentive schemes. In 2010, led by their respective management teams, overall value of these companies continued to increase.
Another important task of ours was to actively capture investment opportunities benefiting from China s growth momentum. During the Reporting Period, with the enhancement of the Group s investment capacity, the scale of investments also expanded rapidly, recording historic highs both in terms of investment amount and project number. In terms of sector selection, the Group invested in those with high positive correlation with the growth of China s domestic demand such as pharmaceuticals and healthcare, property and finance.
The Group also invested in the resources companies benefiting from the industrialisation process of China. In terms of project selection, the Group focused on those that had strong synergies with our existing sectors.
One such example would be the cooperation between Fosun Pharma and Chindex. The Group also actively captured value investment opportunities and increased investment in the real estate business during the Reporting Period. In addition, the Group tried to increase the proportion of asset portfolio allocated to service and finance gradually, and invested a total of RMB2,278.6 million in private equity ( PE ) projects, and pushed forward the successful listing of six projects and two more projects were granted listing permission.
The Group may also exit from some investments in time, endeavouring to lock in higher returns while positioning itself to better capture more investments opportunities. During the Reporting Period, the Group exited, entirely or partially, from several investments, bringing in a cash inflow of RMB4,451.2 million 
Overseas investing and global capability building I believe that it is an advantage of the Group to have a combined strength of our China-rooted profound industrial base and excellent investing skills. Since 2009, the Group has also started its global capability building, strived to match the highest standards set by the world s best investors and tried to invest in more international companies benefiting from China s growth. By now, our international investment platform setup has been in general completed. Most teams of talents have been in position, and we are honoured to have Mr. John Snow, former Treasury Secretary of the United States to be the advisor to the Board. All these have already delivered fruitful results during the Reporting Period and we have completed our investment in Club Med, a French company. Club Med is a world-class premium resort chain, offering services attractive to the fast growing high-end consumer population in China. On the other hand, the Group can also effectively help Club Med accelerate the execution of their China strategy in areas of project development and sharing of strategic resources, etc, leveraging our advantages of operation in diversified industries. We are of the view that dual cooperation of equity investment and business development would bring huge potential in value appreciation for this particular investment. Here we would like to extend our sincere gratitude to one of our excellent international partners, The Carlyle Group, for sharing with us valuable opinions regarding the valuation of global assets of Club Med.
I believe that in the future more and more top overseas brands would like to have their presence in China.
We will continue to explore the investment model of combining the growth momentum of China with global resources and endeavour to capture more opportunities with the support of our global investment platform.
Strong financing capability provides firm support for the rapid development of the Group 
To translate China s growth momentum into shareholder value of the Company in a sustainable manner, it requires not only excellent investment capability but also powerful capital support. During the Reporting Period, the Group s multi-channel financing system was further improved. We established good relationship with more mainstream banks and our financing team has also successfully raised fund via other financing instruments such as enterprise bonds and medium-term bills. Meanwhile, we endeavoured to reduce financing cost by means of increasing USD debts and issuing fixed-rate long term bonds, among others, fully leveraging our unique structural presence in both domestic and overseas markets. During the Reporting Period, the Group raised an aggregate of RMB2,100.0 million equivalent via medium and long term bonds and bills at an average interest rate of 4.9%-6.0%. These excellent work helped us grasp more investment opportunities while optimising our capital structure. As a result, the weighting of medium and long term debts continued to rise, and the Group has maintained its financial stability while enjoying rapid growth.

Moreover, faced with the ample investment opportunities brought by the economic development of China and the rapid enhancement of investment capability of the Group, the Group has sought to scale up its asset management business since 2010 and had completed the preparation work of several funds including Fosun- Carlyle Shanghai Equity Investment Enterprise ( Carlyle-Fosun ), Prameria-Fosun China Opportunity Fund L.P., Shanghai Fosun Capital Equity Investment Fund L.P. and Shanghai Star Equity Investment L.P. ( Star Capital ) etc. As of March 2011, these funds have already raised committed funds totalling RMB9,798.8 million equivalent from partners.
Not only would these capital generate additional gains to shareholders and fund contributors, they have also brought the Group more world-class partners. We believe the cooperation between the Group and The Carlyle Group and Prudential respectively, in asset management indeed symbolised the recognition of our investment capability by mainstream investment institutions. At the same time, their professional investment skills outside China would help speed up the Group s global capability building. I hope that in our future development we would be able to find more world-class partners sharing a similar vision and build up long term win-win partnerships.
Shaping a large conglomerate with sustainable growth The success of any enterprise requires not only rapid development of business, but also a sophisticated organisational structure, a team of high calibre talents, good corporate governance, a culture which can unite hearts, an excellent and ever-growing team of partners and great support from the government and the society. During the Reporting Period, the Group made persistent efforts in areas including the recruitment of elites, optimisation of organisational structure, evaluation and improvement of risk management and information technology system, etc, by introducing external wisdom and implementing industrial benchmarks.
We followed our belief of value creation, development sharing , and made every effort to unite growth force, thus to fortify our current partnerships while developing new ones of future strategic significance, such as the cooperation with Club Med. We also cared for the needs of our staff and participated in various community charity work. The results of such works may never be able to be quantified by a simple internal rate of return or multiple of invested capital ( MOIC ), but I am convinced that all these works will help increase our shareholder value rapidly in the future.

In this post financial crisis era, given the concerns over European debt crisis and the recent regional political unrest in the Middle East and North Africa, the prospect of the global economic recovery still seems relatively uncertain. However, considering the progress of urbanisation and industrialisation of China and the economic gap between the eastern and western regions, we believe that facing possible challenges such as excess production capacity and rising labour costs, China will be able to maintain its competitive edges in the manufacturing sector, particularly the high-end manufacturing industries for a relatively long period of time.
Meanwhile, following the rapid growth of the domestic market and the development and maturity of the financial service sector, it is very likely that China would complete the transformation from a manufacturing giant into a consumer and capital giant within a relatively short period of time. Under these circumstances, we believe that not only a number of local companies would grow rapidly, but more and more international brands would start to pay more attention to China and increase their investments in China.
In this process, we spotted plenty of investment opportunities. In the future, the Group will continue to support our existing sectors to become stronger and larger while paying more attention to investment opportunities benefiting from the development of China s domestic consumption market. In particular, we would like to increase investment in industrial leaders with considerable scale and established brand, led by excellent management teams. At the same time, the Group will continue to explore the model of linking China s growth momentum with global resources. We hope that as our investment capability is being exported in a prudent manner, we can help global brands that we have invested in to be imported in a faster manner so that shareholders, partners and investees will share the results of the rapid growth of the Chinese economy together.
With the joint efforts of the management and all employees, the Group has made considerable progress in all aspects in 2010. However, there are still a significant gap towards our vision of becoming a world premium investment group with a focus on China s growth momentum. In order to realise our vision, in the future, we will continue to benchmark against the world s top companies and focus our execution in the following areas: First is to be disciplined when it comes to investing, which can also be interpreted as insisting on value-oriented investment philosophy . The Group has realised decent returns on many investments in the past. Looking back, I believe the primary reason for our success was our understanding of and adherence to value. Today, although our scale is much larger than that at the time of establishment, we should always adopt a prudent manner, insisting on value-oriented investment approach as we evaluate every new project.
This is how we, the founder team, require ourselves to act, and this will be how we require all our investment managers to follow.
Second is to make continuous efforts to enhance the capability at the holding group level to support investees to optimise their operation. A significant portion of shareholder value increase comes from the growth of the value of investees. To accelerate growth from this source, first of all, we would choose to work with the best teams in respective industries; secondly, as an active shareholder, we will assist the management of the investees to optimise the operating efficiency via board members appointed by us. For subsidiaries, we mainly participate in: 1. setting company strategies; 2. recommending core management team; 3. designing performance-linked incentive remuneration scheme; 4. risk management; 5. making important investment decisions. For other investees, we will actively create additional value for them in areas such as supply chain management, human resources support, gaining access to the capital market, sharing strategic resources etc, according to different needs. This year, the holding group level will also actively explore the means to discover synergetic development opportunities between the holding group level and its investees in a more systematic fashion in order to increase shareholder value of the Company while creating additional value for investees.
Third is to continue to lower our financing costs and secure more sources for long-term capital. In the past few years both I myself and my management have been seriously thinking about the development direction and business model of the Group. We have also visited and studied many leading international investment institutions. We deeply felt that for any successful investment company, it is crucial to have long term, secured funding sources at a reasonable cost. Therefore, it will be an important task which requires our dedicated and unremitting efforts to develop a multi-channel financing system and seek sustainable sources for quality capital.
Last but not least is the cultivation and recruitment of talents and elites. Compared with those entrepreneurs who have built a successful enterprise single-handedly, I felt deeply that I myself was fortunate.
It is because ever since the first day when I started this business, I had partners of the same vision who worked hard with me. Those include members of the founder team as well as key management of today.
In the future, as we will continue to contribute all our efforts to this company, we will also continue to cultivate and attract four types of talents, namely industrialists, investors, bankers and experts in improving management efficiency. We hope that our teams not only possess state-of-the-art professional knowledge but also entrepreneurial spirits, who agree upon our culture and will always uphold the principle of maximising shareholder value in everyday work and all decision-making process. In order to attract and maintain such talents, the Group will also adopt market rules and actively formulate and improve effective incentive remuneration plans to truly reflect our idea of creating value and sharing development.
Besides the building of four capabilities as articulated above, one other indispensable factor that contributes to the Group s growth from a then market survey company with capital of RMB38,000 in 1992 to a now large conglomerate with a net asset valuing at RMB29,873.1 million is our corporate culture of win-win partnership, value creation, sharing of development , an equivalent to unite growth force that we always mention. In 2010, supported by 15 partners and led by the Group, the Chinese Private Enterprise Pavilion at the Expo 2010 Shanghai China ( World Expo ) completed a series of seemingly impossible tasks in just 13 months, from undertaking the project, laying foundation, main structure closing to opening ceremony and received compliments from hundreds of visitors which consist of political and business leaders from international community, the central and local governments. Although this was not a commercial project, it is only because of the collaborations among these top Chinese privately-owned enterprises could we jointly build this stage which demonstrated the spirit of Chinese private sector to the world. I believe this indeed is the best interpretation of win-win partnership and harmonious development . In the future, we will continue to uphold this idea. As we endeavour to shape an investment institution with Fosun characteristics and create value for our shareholders, we will also try to contribute our efforts to improve the commercial environment and natural environment of China so as to support the rejuvenation of Chinese economy and culture.

I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the members of the Board, all employees of the Group, the entrepreneurial team of the companies we invested in and business partners. Your efforts and dedication to work will be the most important foundation for us to develop into a world-class investment group.

28 March 2011 