CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT We perform by maximizing opportunities and managing risks.
With prudent management and our great team s staunch support, we remain on course toward fulfilling our business objectives.

On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report that the Group continued to score outstanding results and fruitful corporate achievements on various fronts in FY2008. In the process, healthy gains in profit and a strong cash flow from the Group s core businesses were also achieved. It s also noteworthy that both attributable operating profit ( AOP ) and total profit-after-tax recorded an increase of 19% and 90% respectively.
Our Infrastructure division recorded a solid AOP growth of 16%. AOP of the Roads segment remained buoyant. The performance of the projects within the Pearl River Delta Region was outstanding, which translated into average daily traffic flow increases and bottom line enhancement for various expressway projects. Despite the soaring coal price, the overall performance of the Energy segment stayed firm, while Water and Ports businesses also experienced healthy growth.
Equally impressive was the performance of the Service & Rental division, with the Facilities Rental segment continuing to contribute strong cash flow and profit to the Group. Profitability of the Contracting segment was enhanced by contributions from Macau, coupled with the improving overall operating environment in Hong Kong. The Financial Services segment received a welcome boost to its profit level from an increase in the Group s shareholding to approximately 58% in Taifook Securities 
During the year, an exceptional gain of HK$1.63 billion was booked from the sale of the Harbour Place units. We anticipate additional profits from the sale of the remaining residential units of this project in FY2009. In line with our strong commitment to sharing the Group s results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.40 per share was declared, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50.8% and including HK$0.16 to reflect the gain from the sale of the Harbour Place units.
Being Prudent in uncertain times The above overall results were particularly encouraging as they were achieved against the background of rising fuel costs resulting from the continued surge of oil and coal prices, high inflation and interest rates worldwide, together with sluggish American demand. While further tough times ahead are anticipated for the operating environment in FY2009, the Group will strive to maintain a healthy balance sheet as well as cash and treasury management. We will also exercise caution to guard against possible risks to our existing investments, and take every opportunity to make new investments.
taPPing further Potential for growth In line with its infrastructure-driven strategy, the Group could do well to capitalize on the vast potential of the Mainland market. To this end, the Group has recently invested in Conghua-Dongguan Expressway (Huizhou Section), which is scheduled to be in operation in 2012.
Pending approval of National Development and Reform Commission, Xiamen Haicang Terminal is scheduled to become operational in the second half of 2009. In addition, the Wenzhou Zhuangyuan Ao New World International Terminals is planned to commence operation at the end of 2008.
During the year, the Group s ongoing rail container terminal project in Mainland China made promising headway. Aimed at building 18 pivotal rail container terminals in 18 major Mainland cities, the project is scheduled to be operational in phases by 2010. The construction of the terminals in Qingdao, Zhengzhou, Chongqing, Chengdu, Wuhan, Xian and Dalian is already well under way.
FY2008 also saw the Group acquire a stake in Chongqing Water Group Co., Ltd. ( CWG ) by signing, in conjunction with SUEZ Environnement, a strategic cooperation agreement and a share purchase agreement with CWG and Chongqing Yufu Assets Operation and Management Co., Ltd. respectively. As a strategic investment partner of CWG, the Group has benefited from the opening up of the water market under the Central Government s Eleventh Five-year Plan.
getting rewarded for good governance The Group has continued to set high standards in corporate governance over the years. FY2008 was no exception. On top of setting up a Corporate Governance Steering Committee to ensure that operations meet stringent ethical standards, we have also upheld the importance of integrity among our staff, and have put in place an Investor Relations team to interact with our shareholders and the investment community on a regular 
I am pleased that we were honoured for our efforts in FY2008 with the Corporate Governance Asia Recognition Awards 2008 as well as the Best Employer Branding and the Best HR Young Gun awards at the Hong Kong HR Awards 2008.
gaining recognition for serving our 
The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee set up by the Board in 2004 to formulate and implement its CSR strategies, policies and practices broadened its scope during the year to encompass environmental and employee-friendly policies and initiatives. The Group launched Green Office initiative in 2006 to enforce environmental-friendly office operations within the Group, which was expanded to cover its business unit offices as well. Intended for our staff to strike a work-life balance, a three-day paternity leave policy for our male staff was also to take effect from September 2008.
In addition, for Life Rejuvenation Scheme 2006 Fairy Kiddo , the Group received the Outstanding Partnership Project Award from The Hong Kong Council of Social Service at the Caring Company Recognition Ceremony 
a word of thanks Last but not least, on behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to express my deepest gratitude to my fellow members of the Board and the management who have been such a tower of strength in leading our 48,000-strong team through these trying times. Moreover, all the positive changes that took place in and the accolades received by the Group during the year would not have been possible had it not been for their tireless efforts. Once again, I would like to thank all of you for your unwavering support while we are prepared to embracing the challenges ahead.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 8 October 2008 