CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT On the constant lookout for 
the Group has given clear focus on the areas of growth, and been able to maximize profi tability by channelling resources 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report that despite ongoing volatility of the global economy, the Group succeeded in achieving remarkable results during the year.
On the basis of the Group s defensive business portfolio, which contributed to its high profit visibility, its focus on developing infrastructure businesses paid off, ensuring healthy growth in the Infrastructure division. The Group s performance in the Services division continued to be buoyed by the Hong Kong economy, which remained on a recovery track. Strong cash flow from operations and divestment of non-core businesses also enabled the Group to arrive at a fi rst-ever net-cash position.
During the year, in line with its ongoing corporate strategy of streamlining its business structure, the Group recorded an exceptional gain of HK$728.7 million by disposing of 52.86% shareholding in Taifook Securities Group Limited while a profi t of HK$337.9 million was registered from the sale of the Harbour Place residential units. In addition, part of our service businesses was disposed of through a management buyout in late July 2010. Upon completion of the whole transaction, a net gain of approximately HK$0.3 billion will be realized for 
To share the outstanding performance results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.33 per share was proposed, representing a payout ratio of 50.6%.
Targeting key growth areas The consolidation of non-core businesses was in line with the Group s commitment to fulfi lling its long-term growth and shareholder return goals by engaging in more large-scale infrastructure projects with good potential. The successful listing of Chongqing Water Group Company Limited on the Shanghai Stock Exchange in March 2010 proved to be a fruitful investment. With an increasing emphasis on the water segment as an investment priority, the Group, through its joint venture Sino French Water Development Company Limited, together with Chongqing Water Group, secured a new 50-year concession for industrial water services in Chongqing Changshou Chemical Industrial Park in May 2010.
This arrangement will provide industrial water production, distribution, industrial effluents collection and treatment services to all the companies within the park, which is slated to become one of the biggest bases of chemical industry in 
Moreover, the Group has also secured an operation and maintenance contract in Dalian for two wastewater treatment plants on Changxing Island in April 2010. The two plants already commenced operation in June 2010 Along with the rapid growth of the railway transport industry in Mainland China, the Group entered into a share transfer agreement to increase its shareholding in China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited ( CUIRC ) from 22% to 30%, enabling the Group to remain the second largest shareholder of CUIRC. This sino-foreign joint venture enterprise develops, operates and manages 18 strategically located pivotal rail container terminals in Mainland China over a period of 50 years.
Laying down the infrastructure to tap into new growth potential Scheduled for completion by end of 2012, the 18 rail container terminals network run by CUIRC is in an ideal position to serve the escalating demand for ports and logistics services in Mainland China. All these developments are yet another testament to the Group s unremitting commitment to enhancing shareholders value by redoubling its efforts to focus on developing core infrastructure businesses.
Back on the home front, the Atrium Link Extension of the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre ( HKCEC ) continued to generate new businesses. Since its completion in April 2009, the expansion project has contributed to the phenomenal growth of numerous public and trade shows at HKCEC, and enhanced the competitive edge of Hong Kong s exhibition and conference facilities. As the icing on the cake, the expansion project was named Grand Award Winner at the Hong Kong Non-residential Category of the Quality Building Award 2010. Totalling 21,500 sq m, the new space is evidently the right place to cash in on the new economic boom in Asia at the right time.
Success is a two-way street at NWS Holdings Few success stories can do without a great team. As a firm believer in the power of team spirits, the Group spares no effort in creating a work environment where our employees can grow as a team. Apart from promoting work-life balance conducive to staff well-being among all our employees, a comprehensive set of staff training and development programmes is available to them for self-improvement. In appreciation of their dedication and achievements, top performers among our staff are honoured at the annual NWS Outstanding Employee Grand Award, which was organized for the seventh consecutive year in 2010.
A strong corporate culture is also cultivated by strengthening the Group s employer branding while an open communication channel through various initiatives, including staff newsletters and intranet, is maintained to facilitate mutual understanding between employees and management. A symbiosis is thus formed between the Group and our staff in which the Group s success hinges on contributions from our staff, who in turn profit from their rewarding careers with the Group.
Investing towards a sustainable growth path Ever striving to be an environmentally-friendly as well as socially-responsible corporate citizen, the Group is committed to providing a low-carbon environment for the community. Towards this end, the Group set up NWS Environmental Committee in 2007 to formulate green strategies and implement various energy-saving and waste- reduction measures. It was most gratifying that in recognition of our efforts in reducing our carbon footprint, the Group was honoured to be among a select few recipients of the Carbon Less Certificate of the Hong Kong Awards for 
On the international front, we are proud to be a diamond sponsor of the Hong Kong s participation in Expo 2010 Shanghai China. Echoing the Expo s theme of Better City, Better Life , the Group s sponsorship would serve as part of its corporate social responsibility initiatives to promote Hong Kong s image as an Asia s world city at the mega event.
A word of thanks In closing, a vote of thanks to our staff and management team, as well as my fellow Board members is in order. It is their dedication and outstanding performance that has enabled the Group to emerge successfully from challenging times and to stay on track towards achieving sustainable growth in the long run.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 5 October 2010 