CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2012 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2012 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB6,368,817,000, representing a decrease of approximately 10.6% from 2011. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB138,426,000, representing a decrease of approximately 75.1% from 2011. The gross profit margin for the year was 24.4%, representing a decrease of 1.1 percentage points from last year.
In 2012, global economy continued to recover slowly. Economic growth in the U.S. and Japan were weak, and major economies in Europe also delivered lacklustre performance and even showed a trend of recession. The risk of economic downturn in Europe also hit other economies. In the emerging market, as a result of the sharp decrease in external demand and domestic economic correction, the economic growth of certain countries slowed down. China s economy also grew at a much lower rate amid shrank global demand and accelerated economy 
Difficult domestic and international market environment posed serious challenges to the Group s major business segments such as wind power, marine and traditional products. We faced huge pressure arising from the decrease in purchase orders received of traditional products, but managed to maintain our position in domestic and 
The wind power industry in the PRC delivered a mixed performance in 2012. Its newly installed onshore wind capacity amounted to 15.90 million KW in the year, accounting for more than 13 of new installed capacity in the world and enabling China to maintain the leading position in the world for four consecutive years. According to the Twelfth Five-Year Plan for Renewable Energy issued by the National Energy Administration, it is anticipated that China will have a total offshore wind capacity of 5GW and establish an offshore wind power industry chain by 2015.
Beyond 2015, China s offshore wind capacity industry will enter a stage of development in large scale and will have self-developed internationally-leading technologies. By 2020, the installed capacity of China s offshore wind power industry will reach 30GW. However, in 2012, amid slowed global economic growth and generally cooled industries in the PRC such as coal, steel and photovoltaic industry, wind power industry was not immune and entered a period of adjustment. In 2012, increasing wind farms suspended operation in northern, north-eastern and north- western areas in China. The conflicts between wind power and conventional energy, especially those between wind power and heat and power units during the period of heat supply, as well as traditional power system operation mechanism, have hampered the development of wind power. Nonetheless, in the long run, the consolidation, transformation and upgrade of the industry will inevitably accumulate power as and when new opportunities arise.
Industry consolidation will eliminate excessive productivity and improve the quality of wind power generating units and facilitate the development of wind power industry in a longer term. With the introduction of new technologies and the support of government policies on new energy, the prospect of the industry is promising.
As a leading manufacturer of wind gear transmission equipment in the PRC, the Group has over 40 years of experience in the wind power equipment manufacturing sector. In respect of wind power gear box transmission equipment, the Group targets to expand its product scale, diversify its product mix and produce products applicable to low wind speed. In addition to bulk export to the United States, it will strive to expand into Europe, and emerging markets such as India and Brazil so as to constantly expand its market share and customer base. The Group supplied 83 units of 3 MW wind power gear boxes to its customers in 2012. It is rare in the sector that the Group was able to significantly increase its export of wind power products amid such a gloomy market in 2012, which indicates that our measures to improve product quality, control costs and promote sales have come to fruit and we were able to respond to unfavourable environment arising from economic recession and industry consolidation. The Group also established good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including GE Energy, Nordex, Vestas, Repower, Hitachi, Alstom, Suzlon, Goldwind (yb), Sinovel (), Guangdong Mingyang (qgf}), Shanghai Electric ( Nwm#l), Guodian United ( WoT) and Dongfang Electric (qge#l). The Group has received wide recognition and trust for its quality products and services. We will continue to focus on stabilizing our product quality and increase international competitiveness and actively research and develop 5MW and 6MW wind power gear boxes, so as to further increase our market share.
Traditional products represent the second largest business segment of the Group. Amid fierce market competition, the Group will endeavour to consolidate its leading position in China by improving quality control system, further optimising marketing efforts and strengthening technological innovation.
The Group also recorded solid performance in respect of transmission equipment for high-speed locomotives and urban light rail segments. In addition to an order of over 380 units of metro gear boxes by Qingdao Metro Line 3, it also entered into sales agreements in respect of Hong Kong Metro South District Line ( n 0W 5 WS }), and Singapore Metro CCL Line and NEL Line. The Group s rail transportation products have obtained the International Railway Industry Standard (IRIS) certificate, which has laid a solid foundation for the Group s rail transportation products to expand into high-end international railway markets. The Group will continue to expand three major business segments being high-speed railway, metro line and urban light rail and accelerate the research and development of light rail and high-speed railway gear equipment so as to enable the rail transportation transmission equipment to become a new source of growth of the Group.
Under the severe situation in 2012 when the production of marine products in the world decreased by approximately 70%, the marine gear transmission equipment business of the Group was also affected. The Group continued to focus on research and development of new products and market expansion, and nine series of marine products have been applied in all equipments of overall ship propulsion system. The propulsion equipment manufactured by Nanjing High Accurate Marine Equipment Co., Ltd. ( NGC-MARINE ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, is also applied in fishery patrols in the domestic sea area and is well known in the overall marine supplementary business. In addition, NGC-MARINE also made significant progress in cost control, recording a substantial decrease in consumption of supplementary materials and externally purchasing costs year on year in 2012. NGC-MARINE also cooperated with BORUSAN, an industrial baron in Turkey, to establish a sales and service outlet in Turkey, thus further enhancing the service area of the Group s products in the world and mitigating the concerns of customers on products after shipment, which is particularly important under the current international economic crisis and downturn shipbuilding situation. In the coming year, the marine gear transmission business of the Group will continue to enhance the product diversification and be well positioned for market recovery so as to set a solid foundation for 
While maintaining steady development of existing business, the Group will proactively start a new undertaking for diversified development to enhance the capacity of market risk resistance and further expand the corporate development space. For example, our Group s LED (Light Emitting Diode) products have been exported to America and Taiwan and received broad market recognition on their product quality; for coal mine machinery, various types of newly developed products of coal mine machinery have obtained the safety symbol certificates for mining products, and further negotiations with customers are proceeding in steady progress.
Looking forward to 2013, the wind power industry will not only benefit from the national policies of vigorous development of new energy and renewable energy, but also will see a bright future with steady growth of macro economies. The Group will continue to maintain a cautious and pragmatic operating strategy, adhere to the theory of focusing on product quality and reputation and actively capture the development opportunities resulting from the economic system reform and transformation of the pattern of economic development to realize steady and innovative development, while proactively consolidating the traditional business and strongly developing its four new segments, i.e., coal mine machinery, electric control, heavy duty high precision machine tools and LED.

28 March 2013 