As at the end of the Reporting Period, equity attributable to owners of the parent of the Group reached RMB31,830.2 million, representing an increase of 6.6% over the same period last year, among which RMB18,542.3 million was the book value of shares of listed companies owned by the Group, worth RMB23,951.2 million by attributable market capitalisation on 31 December 2011.
The Board proposed to declare and distribute a final dividend of HKD0.157 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 
Mr. Guo Guangchang Fosun International Limited 
I am writing this statement to deliver two messages to shareholders. First, I want to have a review of our businesses during the past year of 2011, and, second, to share my expectations for the year ahead. In 2011, the global economy encountered a new wave of challenges. The traditional economic powerhouse United States, hit by the downgrading of its sovereign debt rating, experienced a volatile path on the way to recovery. European debt crisis was intensifying. Influenced by the weakness of these two traditional economies, China was constrained by the exports slow-down, investment slow-down, as well as macro control, where enterprises encountered a number of challenges in their operations. In face of the challenging global macroeconomic situation, Fosun overcame difficulties, proactively responded to the challenges and dedicated to management and operations optimisation.
We strengthened the business model driven by three growth engines, namely industrial operations, investment and asset management, which propels Fosun steadily towards its vision of becoming a premium investment group with a focus on China s growth 
In 2011, our industrial operations overall delivered a sound performance, realising a profit of RMB3,169.0 million attributable to owners of the parent, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.9%. In 2011, our pharmaceuticals and healthcare and mining businesses both achieved sound results, and the profit attributable to owners of the parent grew by 85.2% and 5.5% on year-on-year basis respectively. China s property market, under the impact of macro control in 2011, was overall sluggish. Forte, our main subsidiary in property business enjoyed a nice carry-over in 2011, thanks to the adoption of the fast turn-over strategy in the last two years when the property market was good, and posted a satisfactory full-year profit attributable to the owners of the parent of RMB1,617.6 million. At the same time, we extended our geographical presence to the second-tier cities in China, focusing on the development of property projects with high priceperformance ratio, and performed well in new attributable contract sales of RMB9,417.0 million throughout the year. On top of this, in 2011, we seized the opportunities arising from the adjustment in property market to increase the investment in land by leveraging on the decline in land price and added a new land reserve of 2.7 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 25.0%. By the end of 2011, our Bund International Finance Center began construction with a smooth progress, and an expected project completion in 2015. As noted, due to the down-turn in the global economy, the austerity measures on the property market in China, the slow-down in the automotive market growth and the decreasing growth rate in fixed assets investment, the demand from major steel consumption industries in China weakened, which resulted in a drop in the growth rate of steel consumption, and revealed the conflicts related to over-capacity in the steel industry. The profitability of the core business in steel enterprises has been retreated to a very low level. According to the statistics of China Iron and Steel Association, the profit margin of the major large and medium-sized steel enterprises was 2.4%, far below the average of 6.5% for the industrial enterprises at a nationwide scale for the same period. Under the negative impacts, Nanjing Iron & Steel, our subsidiary, posted a weak performance on its overall sales in 2011, even though it achieved breakthrough in the expansion of product types, in particular high value-added steel products, such as the mass production of 9 Ni steel and it maintained high market share in special steel, like oil tanker plate. The net profit for Nanjing Iron & Steel in 2011 decreased significantly over last year, but still maintained certain profitability. According to the statistics of China Iron and Steel Association, the loss-making steel enterprises in 2011 increased to eight, representing 10.4% of the industry players.

In 2011, the investment profit of the Group was only RMB1,382.9 million, mainly due to the loss on fair value of stock holdings, among which, the Group shared the profit of RMB451.7 million from the strategic associates, representing an increase of 66.1% over the last year. During the Reporting Period, we successfully helped list seven investment projects domestically, increasing the equity value of shareholders by RMB2,275.6 million as at 31 December 2011. As mentioned above, due to market volatility, some of our secondary- market investments recorded loss on fair value in 2011, which negatively affected the performance of our investment profit. From our point of view as a determined value investor, neither gain nor loss on the fair value of the stock holdings affects our investment strategies, and we took the view of long-term investment, and have made appropriate investment decisions. For example, when Focus Media, one of our important strategic investments, was attacked by the report of Muddy Waters Research, we increased our position on a basis of rational analysis at an average price of USD17.18, and the share price of Focus Media now has climbed back to USD24.26 as of 29 February 2012. We would rather regard the irrational volatility of the market as an opportunity for value investment. In 2011, we made a series of investments in the shares of Chinese banks that were significantly undervalued in secondary 
In 2011, we increased our investment in consumption and consumption upgrade, financial services and manufacturing upgrade. During the Reporting Period, the Group made an aggregate investment of RMB5.6 billion (including capital increase in the existing projects) in 18 new strategic, private equity investment and other projects.
In 2011, the European debt crisis affected negatively on the global economy, however, it brought us opportunities to combining China s growth momentum with global resources .
There are certain branded enterprises, which have Europe as their major market, experienced the bottleneck in growing in their local markets, and have relatively lower valuations; on the other hand, the industries in which these enterprises operate have great potential in the PRC market. Adhering to the investment principle of combining China s growth momentum with global resources , Fosun looked global wise to identify the leading enterprises in the industry, who suffered from a stagnant profit growth in the European and U.S. markets, but would have high growth potential in China, and with the plan to enter into China s market. We took the advantage of Fosun s solid industrial and channel base in China, helped them achieve fast growth in China, and ultimately enhance its values in the global market. Following the successful investment in Club Med in 2010, we have also successfully invested in Folli Follie in Greece in May 2011, which was also our first investment into the international fashion brand.
In 2011, Club Med s global revenue increased by 5.2% with profitability turn-around. Club Med plans to open its second resort hotel in China during 2012, and will have five altogether in China by 2015. In the future, China will become its second largest market in the world just behind France. In 2011, Folli Follie significantly increased the number of stores in China, its global revenue and net profit increased by 5.1% and 4.7% for the first 3 quarters in 2011 respectively. We are delighted to see that our esteemed investment model achieved positive results, which fills us with confidence in the investments as Club Med and Folli Follie, and in the future, we will speed up into the practice of combining China s growth momentum with global resources , mainly targeting at consumption upgrade, financial services and 
In 2011, we made significant efforts to push forward our asset management business. We believe that Fosun s core capability lies in our investment capability. In recent years, Fosun s investment capability has been improving. However, with the growing investment scale year by year, the endogenous capital, which we generated mainly through dividends and profit from direct investments in the way before, can no longer meet the need of our investments.
We hope that, by developing asset management, we can more efficiently play the Group s edge in investment capabilities. While making the full use of the current development opportunities to make good investments, we allow our limited partners (the LPs ) and our shareholders to share the growth of China s economy, through Fosun s investment platform.
Our investment capabilities were widely recognised by LPs from domestic and overseas.
In 2011, we received support from Prudential of the United States, who, by way of making capital contribution of USD500 million, has become Fosun s first international LP. As at the end of 2011, the scale under management of our asset management business amounted to RMB13.26 billion, of which the self capital contribution of asset management segment of the Group reached RMB2.73 billion. The funds under management included two USD- W e h o p e t h a t , b y d e v e l o p i n g a s s e t management, we can more efficiently play the Group s edge in 
and make the full use of the current development opportunities to make 
We regard insurance business as a good means to connect Fosun s investment capability to quality long-term capital.
In this way, the insurance business will be the business that we will make efforts to build up in the 
denominated and a number of RMB-denominated funds. During the Reporting Period, our asset management business collected management fee of RMB56.2 million, and shared investment gain of RMB28.2 million. Moreover, we were ranked No. 8 among top 30 private equity investment institutions of China for 2011 by Zero2IPO in our first participation.
The developing insurance business In 2011, on the back of the existing industrial businesses, we started to make efforts to develop our insurance business. We think that the profit of insurance company derives mainly from the revenue of undertaking and investments. Through years of industrial operations and investment practices, Fosun has been equipped with qualities for optimising operation and industrial leading investment capabilities. We regard insurance business as a good means to connect Fosun s investment capability to quality long-term capital. In this way, the insurance business will be the business that we will make efforts to build up in the future. As at the end of the Reporting Period, our insurance business includes the strategic investment in Yong an Insurance and Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance which is in preparation for the setting up, the latter of which has been approved for set up preparation in 2011, as the first joint venture insurance company in China established by a domestic private enterprise with a foreign investor, by China Insurance Regulatory Commission.
Reviewing Fosun s course of development in history, we have been taking investment as the primary driver of growth, and upon investment operations, we have systematically developed a series of core competences, which include the ability to identify opportunity and risk, accessibility to capital markets, management optimisation, as well as the ability to cooperate with prominent entrepreneurs. As shareholders of Fosun, you all see that value of Fosun s headquarters is more than the sum of its assets. Fosun is an innovative investment platform, full of entrepreneur resources and with an established system to support the growth of our 
A VALUE CREATING HEADQUARTERS OF FOSUN I think the value of the Group s headquarters is our unique competitiveness, and is a very good platform and ties of cooperation. The Group created values for the portfolio companies through our systematical management system and resource synergism. The Group helps companies establish goals for development and its growing paths, allocates resources, and guides them to explore chances of globalisation standing on our own global vision.
The Group advises the companies on team building, helps them to establish remuneration incentive mechanisms and push forward the implementation of succession plan. The Group helps companies improve their risk management and internal control systems, optimise their process flow and the operating ability in innovation, branding and cost management.
We share our investment experience with the companies, so as to extend our investment decisions making capability, and the ability to decide on other key issues, into our companies.
We hold the concept of the Fosun Family , and make efforts to create synergies across our invested industries, media and distribution resources. Confronting the increasing challenges on investment decision making, in 2011, we established the advisory board for investment decision, with steersmen from renowned domestic and foreign enterprises as members, and we gathered prominent entrepreneurs from domestic and overseas consumption, manufacturing and financing industries, who provide us with professional advice and recommendations on our investment decisions, which makes it less likely for us to take wrong 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY RAISING FOSUN BRAND IMAGE This year marks the 20th anniversary of the speech by Deng Xiaoping during his tour in southern China, and is also the 20th anniversary of Fosun. During these 20 years, while pursing commercial values, Fosun also actively devoted itself to the improvements on the commercial and natural environments of China, provided impetus to the rejuvenation of China s economy and Chinese culture, and made the world feel more about the vitality of China s enterprises and the charisma of Chinese culture. In 2011, we made donation to the rescue forces in Japan s nuclear crisis due to the earthquake, organised the Shining Star project, a large-scale branding activity in the United States, sponsored cultural activities in cooperation with the Muse du Louvre Museum in France, supported the preservation and promotion of Chinese non-material cultural heritage, including Wuju opera and Dongyang wooden sculptures, and provided assistance to Chinese founding entrepreneurs in cooperation with Youth Business China and Alibaba Small Loans Co., Ltd.. In our 20 years of development, Fosun has had a thanks-giving mind, adhered to the core corporate values of self-improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society and shared our growth and development with employees and society. In 2011, Fosun s major controlling companies and those with investments provided 89,000 jobs, up 16,600 jobs as compared with 2010 with employees remuneration of over RMB5.0 billion. Our actions were also recognised by the society. In July, the Company ranked No. 81 among Fortune s top 500 enterprises of China. In November, Fosun received the Entrepreneurs for the World Award at the World Entrepreneurship Forum in Singapore. In December, Fosun was awarded 2011 China Overall Ranking of Chinese Non-state Owned Enterprise of Corporate Social Responsibility by the Southern Weekly. In 2011, we truly reveal ourselves on the worldwide stage to share China s growth opportunities with the world, earmarking a momentous step for Fosun s internationalisation of brand building.

We see that China is migrating into the world s major consumer and capital giant. The consumption of PRC residents grow rapidly with total consumption ranking the third in the world in 2010 and about to surpass Japan to become the global second largest. In 2010, the percentage of consumption to gross domestic product was only 35% in China with a huge room for increment as compared with 71% for the United States. The transformation of China s economy not only opened up markets for the growth of companies engaged in the consumption business in China, but also opened up markets for the investments in China s consumer industry. On the other hand, in 2011, there were 356 companies launching initial public offerings ( IPO ) in the PRC with total financing amounting to approximately USD61.53 billion, accounting for 41.9% of the global listing and 52.1% of the IPO financing in the world. The prosperous capital market of China will also further attract both the domestic and international capital to seek investment opportunities in China. We believe that the growth of China s consumer market will present huge investment opportunities that are driven by capital, and also make it possible for the sustained operation of our investment strategy of combining China s growth momentum with global resources .
For our industrial operations, looking at the key industries where we operate, there are both opportunities and challenges. For the pharmaceuticals and healthcare segment, Fosun Pharma will continue to strengthen building up its core competitiveness in research and development, marketing, manufacturing and other areas, accelerate the merger and acquisition as well as integration of premium domestic and overseas enterprises engaging in pharmaceutical manufacturing and research and development, continue to explore the opportunities to enter into the healthcare services, further consolidate and enhance its leading position as a pharmaceuticals and healthcare company in China and eventually develop into a globally competitive pharmaceuticals and healthcare company. For the property segment, against the backdrop of the austerity measures in 2011, uncertainties still exist in China s property industry in 2012. We remain optimistic about the long-term development of China s property market. We will continue to improve the business line and geographical structure of Fosun s property business through platforms including Forte, Haizhimen, Resource Property, Star Capital and others, based on our own advantage, we explore a unique business model of combining the three lines of property, finance and industries, and engage in the development of residence housing and urban complex, as well as the property distribution services. We take the opportunity of macro control on property industry, to seek to expand our land reserve at a reasonable cost, so as to ensure the long-term sustainable growth of Fosun s property business. For the steel segment, Nanjing Iron & Steel has achieved prolific results in the development and sales of high-tech 9 Ni steel products. In the future, it will stick to the principle of technological innovation, develop high value-added new products, and We will continue to actively practise the investment strategy of combining China s growth momentum with global resources, seek the projects that meet our investment target characteristics and value principles, to explore new 
establish the advantage out of products with a leading edge research and development. For the mining segment, Hainan Mining will press ahead with the construction of the mining of its underground projects, improve the comprehensive use of small mines, have the newly- built processing plant commenced production and maintain long-term stable growth by continued exploring the projects of iron ore acquisitions and mergers in the future. Going through the business individually, our overall industrial operations still have a relatively higher proportion of cyclical businesses. However, as we group them in an effective way, our industrial portfolio has maintained a stable growth in the past 20 years. For example, over the last seven years, the compound annual growth rate of the contribution from this industrial portfolio to our net profits amounted to 27.0%, demonstrating good resilience against cyclicality. Going forward, we strive to maintain a sustainable growth of our industrial portfolio, and at the same time, we will actively explore opportunities to continue to optimise the asset allocation of our industries portfolio, largely increasing the proportion of non-cyclical assets.
For our investment, we think that it is a good time for investment now. In 2012, we will continue to practice the investment strategy of combining China s growth momentum with global resources , seek the projects that meet the investment target characteristics and our values principles, to explore new opportunities. In the meantime, we will continue to drive the business development of the Club Med and Folli Follie in China, to gradually realise the value of our investment.
For our asset management, we will continue to attract quality LPs, and improve services for and management capabilities of LPs, while expanding the scale of our assets under management; our USD-denominated funds will mainly target at overseas long-term capital, including sovereign funds, pension funds and so on. Our RMB-denominated funds, apart from targeting high net worth populations in China, will make efforts to recruit institutional investors and large corporations to become our LPs. At the same time, we will also continue to strengthen the capabilities of our investment teams, enrich fund products, and seize the investment opportunities arising from the consumption upgrade, financial services, resources and energy as well as upgrading in the manufacturing industry associated with the transformation of China s economy. In addition, for investees, we will manage them systematically through our headquarters platform and improve their profitability. We will actively press ahead with their IPO, grasp appropriate timing of investment and divestment and increase the efficiency on the use of capital.
In 2012, we will speed up the preparatory work for Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance with an aim to commence operation by the year end. Through nurture, we hope the insurance will become one of our principal businesses in the future. On top of this, we still have to centralise our supreme resources and continue to seek opportunities to increase our investment in the finance sector, including banking, to obtain a higher investment return in tandem with the development trend of China s financial services industry.
We are confident of China s economic outlook and await the economic recovery in the United States and the recuperation in Europe. On the basis of our global perspective, we will duly capture the opportunity to improve the allocation and distribution of global assets in response to the economic development in China and of the world, and to lay a solid foundation for the long-term sustainable development of Fosun. Meanwhile, we must stick to our strategy, stick to our value principles, and create values to the most extent, maximise and realise them through our platform.
I would like to hereby express my sincere gratitude to the members of the Board, all employees of the Group, the entrepreneurial team of the companies we invested in and 
27 March 2012 