Safe and steady does it.
Staying the course through thick and thin, the Group succeeded in leveraging on its cautious management approach to weather the global financial crisis.

On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report that the Group put in strong performance during the year and recorded solid results despite the financial tsunami that struck the international markets in 2008.
The Group s core businesses, including Roads, Water and Facilities Management, were buoyed by the improving growth prospects as the global economy seemed on track to regain some lost ground. Our Energy and Transport segments, benefiting from a substantial drop in oil and coal prices, were in a better position to withstand the negative impact of the economic downturn.
It is also encouraging to see an exceptional gain of HK$338 million from the sale of the Harbour Place units. To share the better- than-expected results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.42 per share was declared, representing a payout ratio of 
Focusing attention on the bright spots for growth Overall market confidence received a further boost from Mainland China s economic recovery, thanks to the state s effective fiscal stimulus policy and the resulting strong domestic spending, including consumption and investment. Hong Kong is set to gain from the internationalization of RMB and the sustained capital flow from the Mainland. Given much room for investing in infrastructural development and service businesses, growth prospects in these two sectors look particularly promising for the Group as both the domestic and overseas markets are showing signs of further 
Capitalizing on the upside potential of the Mainland market, the Group s plan to build a network of rail container terminals in 18 coastal and inland cities is well under way, with seven terminals undergoing construction. Roads and Water segments being the Group s another strategic targets for promising returns, the Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section) recorded a significant rise of over 25% in toll income while three new projects in Water segment were secured during the year in Chongqing, Tianjin and the Suzhou Industrial Park.
Balancing nicely across a broad business spectrum To further highlight the infrastructure-driven strategic direction of the Group, our business segments have been re-grouped under the twin core divisions of Infrastructure and Services, providing our investors with a clearer picture of our corporate structure.
A consistently strong cash flow from our diversified operations was made possible by the Group s comprehensive business portfolio. During the year, while our Financial Services segment experienced an inevitable setback due to the shrinking stock market turnover, the Facilities Management segment posted notable gains. Thanks to the completion of its Atrium Link expansion in April 2009, the total rental space of the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre has increased to 91,500 sq m.
As a result of improving market sentiment, additional revenue is anticipated from the sale of the remaining units of the Harbour Place project in FY2010. Looking ahead, with ongoing positive performance in our Contracting business, the Group is well positioned to take on mega-sized projects in 
Planning our business moves with typical discretion Although we have succeeded in maintaining a strong capital structure and a healthy balance sheet on top of a diversified yet balanced business profile, there is no room for complacency in light of the current market volatility. With a commitment to enhance shareholder value, we will maintain our prudent approach to risk management, which has been conducive to tiding the Group over the recent global credit crisis.
While envisioning a global market recovery in the foreseeable future, the Group will continue to closely monitor its risk profile and implement proactive and timely measures to maximize its market potential.
In this respect the Group will leverage on the robust cash flow contributed by its recurring businesses, as well as the corporate resources and management expertise at its disposal to stay focused on identifying quality assets and potential areas for growth.
Not only will continuous efforts be made to maintain a clean bill of corporate health, but, in sticking to our well-established dividend payout policy, the interests of our investors will also be safeguarded.
Making the most of our 
Of all the assets in our possession, human resources are what we cherish the most.
Our corporate growth goes hand in hand with our staff development. To nurture our home-grown talent, we have in place a broad-based platform for staff training, development as well as the transfer of knowledge among them. Subscribing to the lifelong learning philosophy, not only do we offer our valued staff members various regular training programmes to hone their work skills, but we also place a special emphasis on the interpersonal and communication aspects to facilitate their personal as well as professional 
In much the same vein, our employees are encouraged to take an active part in the wide range of staff wellness programmes and recreational activities organized for their enjoyment. A successful team is a happy team. The implementation of five-day week and the three-day paternity leave system is just another example of our continuous efforts in promoting work-life balance among 
Reaping our fruits of labour for the community As a civic-minded corporate citizen, the value we place on human assets extends to the community at large. I am most gratified that, in recognition of our volunteering efforts and corporate social responsibility commitment across our different business segments, the Group had the honour to receive the Total Caring Award from The Hong Kong Council of Social Service at the Caring Company Recognition Ceremony 200809.
During the year, the NWS Hong Kong Geo Wonders Hike, which is fully supported by NWS Charities Foundation, continued to raise public awareness of the importance of geological conservation. Our dress- down policy to help our staff cool down in summer is also part of our eco-friendly initiatives. In addition, I am pleased that the NWS Volunteer Alliance Award Programme was launched to honour in our own way our staff s dedication to volunteering services.
A word of thanks A review of the Group s performance in these uncertain times cannot be complete without an acknowledgement of appreciation for the concerted efforts of our staff and management teams, and my fellow members of the Board. Without their dedication and contributions, it would not have been possible for the Group to rise to the challenge and take advantage of the re-emerging market opportunities. May we continue to count on their unswerving support in the years to come.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 7 October 2009 