Chairman s Statement 
I am pleased to report another successful year with profit attributable to shareholders of HK$4.913 billion, a 10% growth over FY2015. We have been able to achieve this through strategic and effective asset allocation founded on a prudent and proactive capital management approach despite challenging market conditions. Drawing on the quality of our assets and our active portfolio management and multi-asset class investment practices, the Group is confident that we will be able to provide long-term stable returns to shareholders through economic cycles in the years ahead.
Sustainable Growth Path Ahead To achieve the average economic growth target of 6.5% set by the Central People s Government ( CPG ) over the medium term, the CPG has adopted policy measures to reduce over-supply in certain sectors of the economy while at the same time, endeavour to boost domestic consumption. Meanwhile, the CPG continues to accelerate the pace of economic reforms to improve market efficiency and address underlying structural issues. Having established an extensive infrastructure platform and network in China, the Group has the operational and financial capabilities to capitalize on opportunities brought by the new policies and economic developments. In addition to being able to achieve sustainable growth for its well established infrastructure business platform in the Mainland, the Group will also continue to seek other growth opportunities through strategic acquisitions by undertaking direct investments and participating in public-private partnership projects.
To better reflect the Group s latest investment strategy and focus, segmental reporting of the Infrastructure division has undergone some changes. With the Roads segment maintaining status quo, the other infrastructure projects have been regrouped under Environment, Logistics and Aviation segments. As the backbone of local economic development, the Group s Mainland based infrastructure projects under the Roads, Environment and Logistics segments will continue to benefit from government policies on further reforms, urbanization, sustainable development through environmental protection and above all, the Belt and Road Initiative. Indeed, the positive contribution from the organic growth across the infrastructure portfolio in FY2016 would have been more significant had this not been diluted by the depreciation of 
The Aviation segment registered notable growth with the full-year result of Goshawk Aviation Limited ( Goshawk ).
Riding on the strong global demand for air travel and leased aircraft, Goshawk s fleet size increased from 40 to 68 during FY2016. The establishment of Bauhinia Aviation Capital Limited ( Bauhinia ), our second aircraft leasing platform, further strengthens the Group s ability to increase investment returns from this growing market.
The less than satisfactory result of the Environment segment in FY2016 mainly reflected the contraction of the coal-fired energy business on the back of weakening electricity demand and mounting competition from renewable energy. On the other hand, water related businesses maintained steady growth momentum as evidenced by the growth in sales and treatment volume. This included the part-year contribution from the newly invested joint venture to expand on environmental business, namely Chongqing Derun Environment Co., Ltd. ( Derun Environment ). As such, the Group looks forward to embracing the opportunities brought by the nationwide environmental reform initiatives as detailed in the country s 13th Five-Year 
We are committed to delivering sustainable returns to our shareholders through multi-asset class investment practices and active portfolio 
The growth of the Logistics segment owed much to the proactive leasing approach adopted by ATL Logistics Centre and its competitiveness in attracting and retaining quality tenants. Driven by the rising demand and supportive policy measures introduced by the authorities, throughput of China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited ( CUIRC ) surpassed 2 million TEUs in FY2016. The outlook is encouraging as apart from rolling out Tianjin and Urumqi terminals in FY2017, CUIRC will also proceed to plan for the construction of a terminal in Guangzhou. It is expected that the Logistics segment will remain resilient even without the contribution from NWS Kwai Chung Logistics Centre following the strategic decision to dispose of this asset in FY2016.
The Services division produced modest growth despite the weakness of its retail component. The Construction & Transport segment continues to benefit from the demand for building and contracting services and the current low fuel price environment respectively. In contrast, the Facilities Management segment experienced further contraction as high rental amid weak consumer sentiments continued to squeeze the profit margins of the Free Duty shops while the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre ( HKCEC ) performed steadfastly by delivering service excellence. With the opening of Gleneagles Hong Kong Hospital ( GHKH ) in early 2017, the Group will benefit from the provision of quality healthcare services by GHKH, which will be a fresh impetus for the services portfolio.

Attributable Operating Profit ( AOP ) grew by 6% to HK$4.740 billion while profit attributable to shareholders increased by 10% to HK$4.913 billion in FY2016. AOP growth of 9% delivered by the Infrastructure division against the impact of Renminbi depreciation fully illustrated the underlying strength of the infrastructure projects and the value of the Group s vision to invest in the aviation sector. On the other hand, the modest AOP growth of 3% for the Services division reflected the difficult operating environment of the retail business of the Group.
Besides AOP growth, the 10% increase in profit attributable to shareholders was also boosted by the net positive impact of the exceptional items. As detailed in the interim results announcement, the Group booked fair value and deemed disposal gains of approximately HK$593 million and HK$179 million on its investment properties and investment in Derun Environment although the impact was partly offset by impairment losses on Tharisa plc ( Tharisa ) and Hyva Holding B.V. ( Hyva ) which amounted to approximately HK$200 million and HK$178 million respectively. During the latter half of FY2016, the Group recognized additional fair value and disposal gains of approximately HK$850 million and HK$534 million from the divestment of NWS Kwai Chung Logistics Centre and shares in New World China Land Limited prior to its privatization. However, such impact was softened by the marked-to-market loss of approximately HK$670 million on Haitong International Securities Group Limited ( Haitong International ), which is held by the Group as an available-for- sale financial asset.
The Board is pleased to propose a final dividend of HK$0.34 per share, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50.5%.

The Group s firm commitment in corporate sustainability is underpinned by our structured management approach in benchmarking and adopting industry and international best practices, in addition to engaging stakeholders in a transparent and accountable way. As an early adopter of the Global Reporting Initiative G4 Sustainability Reporting Guidelines and Hong Kong Stock Exchange s Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide in sustainability reporting, we take another step forward this year by disclosing the Group s risk management approach and progress in our annual report. As we progress along our sustainable journey, we are honoured to have been recognized as a constituent of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index for the sixth consecutive year and the top performer in fair operating practices in September 2016.
A Note of Thanks and Appreciation I would like to express my sincere appreciation to our board of directors for their invaluable leadership and insights and our management staff and employees for their dedication and hard work in forging a resilient future. Finally, I must thank our business partners and shareholders for maintaining the support and confidence in the Group over the years.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 20 September 2016 
