Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report that NWS Holdings continued to forge its journey of excellence by turning in another year of solid performance across its business segments. Riding on a healthy revenue growth of 56% during the year, profit attributable to shareholders rose by 13% to reach a new record of HK$5.3 billion. This is an outstanding achievement despite the prolonged uncertain business environment arising from the sovereign debt crisis in Europe and the sluggish economic growth in the United States.
Attributable Operating Profit ( AOP ) from our Infrastructure and Services divisions increased by 3% and 4% respectively during FY2012. These results reflect positively on the Group s strategy of maintaining sustainable growth by investing in high-quality yet defensive infrastructure assets, particularly under the Roads and Water segments in Mainland China; and by maximizing the profit and cash flow from core services assets on our home ground in 
In addition to the growth in AOP, profit attributable to shareholders was boosted by a dilution gain of approximately HK$1.8 billion from the successful listing of Newton Resources Ltd on 4 July 2011 as previously covered in the interim report for 
NWS HOLDINGS LIMITED 8 To share these remarkable results with our shareholders, a final dividend of HK$0.25 per share was proposed, representing a payout ratio of approximately 50.2%.
Continuous Growth from Strengthened 
The completion of the acquisition of Hangzhou Ring Road ( HZRR ) in January 2012 not only strengthened the Group s roads portfolio significantly but also provided an immediate growth driver in terms of revenue and AOP. The impact of HZRR is even more apparent when recognizing the fact that the AOP of the Roads segment still rose by 7% in FY2012 despite an approximately HK$264 million reduction of extra profit recognition from Tangjin Expressway (Tianjin North Section). The Group looks forward to benefitting from the full-year impact of HZRR and traffic volume growth experienced by most of the other projects due to continuous local economic development in the coming years.
Following actions taken by the Guangdong Provincial Government, toll rates in the province were standardized with effect from 1 June 2012. In July 2012, the State Council of Mainland China also approved a Holiday Toll-free Policy for small passenger vehicles during four major statutory holidays including adjoining holidays. Based on our internal assessment, the negative impact from these policies could be defused by future revenue and traffic growth within our well-diversified roads portfolio. However, the Group will remain vigilant in monitoring the situation and make every effort to cooperate with local governments and authorities in striking a balance between enhancing the economic benefit of individual projects and safeguarding the interest of road users.
The performance of the Energy segment remained overshadowed by high coal prices and scheduled generator downtime at Zhujiang Power Plants, which underwent system upgrade and maintenance. The competitiveness of Zhujiang Power Plants would be enhanced upon completion of the technical upgrades in late 2012.
In May 2012, the Group expanded the cooperation scope of its 30-year concession contract with Wuhan Chemical Industry Park through Sino French Water Development Company Limited to provide exclusive integrated water and waste water services in the industry park. Having established a highly reputable and visible brand name with a good track record, technical expertise and a close working relationship with partners such as Suez Environnement, the Group is well poised to capture more water and waste treatment opportunities and extend the growth momentum of the Water segment through multiple channels, including mergers and acquisitions, and organic expansion.
Opportunities and Challenges for 
Facilities Management segment lifted its AOP by 35% on the home front due to the Hong Kong Convention and Exhibition Centre s sturdy performance as the regional leader in the exhibition industry and Free Duty s exceptional growth as patronage across all cross-border terminals continued to increase.
Regarding the status of Free Duty s concession contracts, the Group has renewed the concessions at all the land border crossings until 2017 but was not awarded a new contract at the Hong Kong International Airport when the current concession expires in November 2012. However, as the combined passenger throughput at the rail terminals have been much higher than the airport, the impact on the loss of the airport concession is relatively insignificant to the Group. While the Facilities Management segment performed strongly in FY2012, total AOP of the Services division was, however, affected by a substantial reduction in disposal gains from strategic investments due to on- going market volatility.
Development Projects on Track The NWS Kwai Chung Logistics Centre, which the Group developed to capture the robust demand for logistics facilities in Hong Kong, commenced operations in December 2011 and has been fully leased out. The Group has therefore secured a steady stream of recurring revenue and cash flow from this new facility over the coming years.
ANNUAL REPORT 2012 9 NWS Holdings continued to forge its journey of excellence by turning in another year of solid performance across its business segments. Profit attributable to shareholders rose by 13% to reach a new record of HK$5.3 billion.
The aggregate annual throughput for China United International Rail Containers Co., Limited ( CUIRC ) exceeded 1.5 million TEUs during FY2012. In light of its strong throughput growth, CUIRC has formulated plans to increase handling capacities at its Chengdu and Chongqing terminals. Development of new terminals in Tianjin and Urumqi is also progressing. CUIRC is uniquely positioned to capture the growing demand for rail freight fueled by government policy to support the development of sea-rail intermodal transportation and block train services to 
Dedication to Social Responsibility Building on our past success and recognition as an accountable corporate citizen, the Group will continue its effort to fully integrate corporate social responsibility and sustainability principles into our business operations. Members of the NWS Volunteer Alliance, which celebrated its 10 th anniversary during the year, deserve a most special tribute for their dedication and commitment to community service. On the other hand, our work in promoting geoconservation and environmental protection continued to bear fruit, as evidenced by the increasing number of participants in the fourth NWS Hong Kong Geo Wonders Hike, our annual signature environmental programme. The recent renewal of NWS Holdings as a constituent stock of Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index in 2012-2013 serves as a testimony of our outstanding performance in corporate 
Words of Appreciation Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our Board, our management team and all our committed staff for their contributions during the past year. I look forward to their continued support in bringing us sustainable results and creating long-term value for our shareholders.
Dr Cheng Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 25 September 2012 