Mr. Guo Guangchang Fosun International Limited 
As at the end of the Reporting Period, equity attributable to owners of the parent of the Group reached RMB35,197.3 million, representing an increase of 10.6% from the end of 2011. Of which equity equivalent to RMB11,161.2 million were net assets in listed subsidiaries and associates attributable to the Group, and such equity amounted to RMB16,253.3 million measured by attributable market capitalization. The Board had resolved to propose payment of a final dividend of HKD0.17 per ordinary share for the year ended 31 December 2012.
Making strides towards its vision of becoming a premium investment group with a focus on China s growth momentum The year 2012 marked a milestone as well as a promising new start for Fosun. Two decades of development has groomed Fosun into what it is today in terms of business scale, resources and reputations. We believe the next twenty years will see Fosun putting more of its dreams into reality and achieving leapfrog development.
2012 was also a year of exceptional external uncertainties. It was against this backdrop that Fosun persevered in pursuing excellence in each of its business segments and invested enterprises, tackled difficulties brought about by the unfavorable external environment and achieved respectable results amid volatility in the economy. These efforts helped facilitate the steady progression of the Group closer to its vision of becoming a premium investment group with a focus on China s growth momentum .
2012 BUSINESS REVIEW In 2012, our industrial operations as a whole delivered a sound performance, realizing RMB2,419.0 million in profit attributable to owners of the parent. Fosun Pharma s principal businesses of pharmaceuticals manufacturing and distribution are gradually on track for positive development after years of investment, integration and accumulation of experience. During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma successfully listed its shares in Hong Kong in a move that raised HKD3,965.6 million. Forte s persisting investments in previous years despite the dwindling market fundamentals had finally paid off. It saw its revenue grow and net profit maintain at relatively high levels in its corporate history amid a slight decline resulting from macroeconomic control measures on the industry. Nanjing Nangang, bucking the industry s down trend, delivered respectable achievements in enhancing its operations and internal efficiency. The unrelenting efforts by the management of Nanjing Nangang against a backdrop of mounting uncertainties were further illustrated in its implementation of an integrated marketing strategy and development of non-steel-related activities. Hainan Mining continued to explore its production and sales potential. Meanwhile, Hainan Mining is proactively pursuing its initial public offering with its listing prospectus (application version) released in April 2012.
Achievement one: focusing on large-scale investments to deliver high returns In 2012, we made certain achievements in promoting share listings of investees, capitalizing on opportunities in the secondary markets and in 
During the Reporting Period, four of our investees launched share listings and we completed six investments in the secondary markets.
For our investment business, we invested in the shares of Minsheng Bank, pursuing the Group s strategy of tapping strategic business expansion opportunities based on the principle of value investment. We also participated in the privatization plan of Focus Media as this would help us reap gains from the partial disposal and enable us to continue to benefit from its business growth.
For our property business, Forte successfully won a tender for land parcels of the Hexin Island Project in Chengdu and the Group acquired land parcels in Zhenru sub-CBD in Shanghai. Sales of Nantong and Harbin projects by Star Capital hit records. Meanwhile, in addition to accelerating the development of Forte, we have established a new platform namely Fosun Property Holdings, to identify new opportunities in the property industry. Star Capital, which specializes in the construction of urban complex projects, is a leading brand in the property fund sector in China.
The first high-end healthcare program under the Starcastle Senior Living (f!Xt gR) has commenced operation in early 2013, while other property product lines that leveraged Fosun s industrial resources were also making steady progress.
Achievement two: establishing a large-scale financing system During the Reporting Period, Fosun Pharma successfully listed its shares in Hong Kong in the transaction that raised HKD3,965.6 million.
Star Capital Phase II Fund (fimNgW) was successfully closed for subscription. In July 2012, the Group signed a HKD30,000.0 million cooperation agreement for development finance with China Development Bank. In addition, Fosun Group, Fosun Pharma, Yuyuan, Nanjing Nangang and Hainan Mining all made significant inroads in the use of new financing instruments in a move that added depths to their financing 
Achievement three: expanding insurance business In 2012, we made significant progress in our insurance business with important breakthroughs. Yong an P&C Insurance has completed a smooth transition of the management in the course of further growth of its business, with its new development strategy approved by shareholders.
Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance commenced its operations smoothly and made steady progress in product and channel development. The preparatory work for the establishment of Peak Reinsurance, a subsidiary co-invested by the Group and International Finance Corporation under the World Bank, was satisfactorily completed and it has officially started its operation. That represents a crucial breakthrough for the Group in its insurance and globalization strategy.
The Group has initially established an insurance business model driven by three growth drivers , namely property and casualty insurance, life insurance and re-insurance. This has been a crucial step in our pursuit of a secured source of high-quality capital in the long run and continuously strengthening of our investment capabilities. Currently, funds available for investing from the insurance business comprise RMB8,900.0 million and USD550.0 million.
Achievement four: improving the internal control system In 2012, Fosun implemented a risk warning system for investment projects. It played an important role in achieving more effective post- investment management. Furthermore, the Group exercised more precise control over each investment project with an all-round comprehensive Grid-and-Flat management system. Meanwhile, the Environmental, Health, Safety and Quality Supervision Department set up by the Group in 2011 completed more stringent audits on states of implementation of production safety and environmental protection measures among the investees, as part of the initiatives to supervise and help those investees achieve better enterprise efficiency in a more environmentally friendly and sustainable manner.
Achievement five: receiving wider recognition of asset management business In 2012, our asset management business received even wider recognition from the industry. Fosun ranked third among the top 50 private equity investment institutions in China in 2012 by Zero2IPO during the year, up five notches from the previous year.
During the Reporting Period, the asset management of the Group raised funds amounting to RMB16,658.1 million, of which RMB3,088.0 million came from our own funds. Management fee income from our asset management business amounted to RMB343.7 million.
We made a significant amount of preliminary work in preparation for fund-raising activities for our RMB-denominated Weishi Fund and a new fund denominated in USD in 2012, which may come to fruition in 2013.
The Group has initially established an insurance business model driven by three growth drivers , namely property and casualty insurance, life insurance and re-insurance.
DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES FOR FOSUN China will remain as the main driver of global economic growth in the future. China s economy has begun to stabilize since the second half of 2012, when the country s PMI hovered above the 50% expansiondecline watershed for three consecutive months in the fourth quarter.
China s annual GDP growth will hover between 7% and 9% in the next five years. Meanwhile, starting from a relatively underdeveloped basis, the midwest regions of China will experience more rapid growth than the eastern region driven by the new round of urbanization development initiatives (In 2012, the GDP growth rates of provinces in the midwest regions such as Sichuan, Yunnan and Inner Mongolia were generally in excess of 10%, significantly higher than those in the developed eastern region).
Following a phase of explosive growth in the last five years, the internet has initiated profound changes in some industries (such as distribution of computer software via CD-ROMs, traditional printed books, production of audio and video works, newspapers and magazines and mobile handsets) and has inflicted long-lasting impacts on some industries (such as retail, electrical appliances, hotel, finance, telecommunications and logistics). Fosun believes that the internet will impact further on traditional industries such as property and manufacturing industries, etc.
However, we have taken note of the fact that certain services that involve customer experience will never be completely substituted by the internet (such as fitness, food & beverage, travel and cinemas). Meanwhile, integration of the internet and traditional industries has given birth to a number of new business models, effected adjustments to relevant investment logics, given rise to emergence of new investment opportunities that one cannot afford to ignore.
As for manufacturing industries, in the short term, the cost advantage of China s manufacturing industries will mainly rest with supply chain management and production outsourcing services, etc. In the long run, advanced manufacturing technologies such as 3D printing and industrial robotics may change the landscape and division of labor within the value chain throughout the manufacturing industries in the medium to long term. The manufacturing industry reflux to developed countries will bring about investment opportunities to these countries in the area of localization of manufacturing operations. Also, countries that are still benefiting from their abundance of population dividends, like India, will bring new competition to China s low-end manufacturing industries in the form of job migrations.
With a new round of monetary easing policies implemented by major economies around the world, inflation will probably become a major subject of discussion in economics for the long term. Industries that derive benefits from inflation, that are capable of beating inflation or immune to inflation will embrace investment opportunities in the long run.
In the area of changing demographic structure, the world will be facing a long-term problem of ageing of the population. For example, in China, the dependency ratio will increase substantially in the next 40 years, but the social security system in China does not have the full capacity to meet the expenditure demand from the distribution of benefits arising from the ageing population. Therefore, the insurance industry, in particular the life insurance industry, will have long-term growth opportunities. At the same time, ageing will also be embracing long-term growth opportunities in the sectors of pharmaceuticals and healthcare, caring for the elderly and property development for the elderly.
In China, apart from the transformation of the overall economic structure of China towards consumption-driven and service industry-driven, we have also observed three major trends: First, rapid growth in affluence of Chinese residents will bring about long-term opportunities to the wealth management business and the luxury goods industry. China has become the world s fourth largest country with the highest concentration of high net worth individuals and the second largest market in luxury products consumption; Second, ratio of direct financing in China will continue to increase. This change in financing structure will drive the long-term growth in the securities industry and the private equity industry; Third, China will continue to deepen its urbanization. Newer styles in building of cities and towns will propagate the urbanization process throughout the heartland of China in a development model that better accommodates the needs of economic transformation in the country. A new round of urbanization will bring about development opportunities to the property industry, energy conservation and environmental protection industries and modern agricultural industry.
THE DEVELOPMENT DIRECTION OF FOSUN For industrial operations, Fosun Pharma will continue to deepen structural adjustments of its businesses to secure sustainable rapid development of its core businesses, while accelerating the pace of mergers and acquisitions within the industry. This will allow Fosun Pharma to become a leading company in healthcare products and services. Forte will adhere strictly to a rapid asset turnover model, enhance its systematic project development capabilities, strengthen cost management, deepen implementation of standardized project series and raise the quality of its growth. It will deepen its foothold in first and second-tier cities, strive to replenish its land bank at reasonable costs, rebalance its product portfolios in selected cities. Meanwhile, Forte s property funds platform will be optimized and integrated, with more stringent risk management in place, aiming at creating better returns for shareholders. In 2013, Nanjing Nangang will leverage its edge in integrated management of production, sales and research activities to upgrade its products and improve quality, striving to achieve profitability. Hainan Mining will further improve its production and sales capabilities. In addition to optimizing production and operations at its base, it will develop and enhance its management and investment capabilities to groom itself into a leading domestic large-scale mining company with world-renowned edges in management and resources, and will proactively pursue its share listing.
For investment, against a backdrop of major economic trends outlined above, we will adhere to our investment philosophy and stay on identifying and tapping more growth investment opportunities in the China market. We will adhere to value investment as we target our radar screen on industries and enterprises that we see potential. We will pursue our investments during down cycles, add value to the investees through optimizing their management, make our divestures at more favorable timings in order to better realize value discovery, value creation and value actualization. We will adhere to our China momentum-driven principles. Opportunities that fit into our investment model of combining China s growth momentum with global resources will emerge systematically as a result of the changing economic dynamics in China. We will be able to accumulate more cases of success that are guided by this investment principle. We will invest more in industries that benefit from inflation, high-growth industries that are able to beat inflation and immune to inflation. We will invest more in industries and enterprises that benefit from the development of the internet.
For asset management, we will proceed further with the establishment of an integrated financing platform for limited partners. Through product innovation, we will greatly expand cooperation with insurance companies in the areas of property development for the elderly and healthcare treatment, and a fund management system centered on serving limited partners will be established. Meanwhile, we will strengthen our fund raising capabilities in the overseas markets and enhance our financing team buildings.
For insurance business, Yong an P&C Insurance will catalyze on opportunities arising from the construction of an international shipping center in Shanghai to expand into marine insurance, including coverage for vessels and freights. Pramerica Fosun Life Insurance will continue to proliferate its existing sales channels to facilitate its access to the high-end insurance market and further improve the quality of its product lines.
Peak Reinsurance is a newly invested reinsurance company by the Group in Hong Kong, which will inflict strategic implications on the Group s development in the future.
MISSION, VISION AND OBJECTIVES OF FOSUN Our vision is to become a premium investment group.
In the future, we will establish an investment platform gradually and selectively through various methods (such as by attracting talents, establishing teams, through investment and mergers and acquisitions, etc.) on a global basis, across different industries, throughout the whole industrial chain and in a fully commercial manner, so as to make more high-return investments and accelerate the pursuit of our strategic development objective of becoming a premium investment group.
We will continue to adhere to our development principle of Together We Make a Difference , insisting on our core values of self-improvement, teamwork, performance and contribution to society , conforming to our corporate culture of frank exchange of views, staying legally compliant and highly transparent, embracing openness and harmony, perpetual learning and gratitude, adhering to entrepreneurial mindsets and unrelenting pursuit of excellence.
Regaining entrepreneurial spirits after 20 years since our establishment constitutes a realization of Fosun s culture and value at the current stage firstly, it is required to put past results aside and start afresh in a clean slate; secondly, we need to establish and enhance our capabilities in various areas continuously to meet with challenges in the future; finally, we still need to adhere to our entrepreneurial spirits and avoid strong determination inefficiencies commonly associated with larger enterprises.
Facing the future with our mission, visionary objectives, culture and values, we will: continue to adhere to the business model of positive cycle value chain by focusing on the team of entrepreneurs as our core, sustaining connection with high-quality financing, continuing to capture investment opportunities and continuing to optimize management as our core capabilities, so as to create a premium investment group and assist investees to grow into domestic or global top-notch enterprises in their respective industries.
continue to deepen our investment principle of combining China s growth momentum with global resources by tapping development momentum from consumption upgrading, resources and energy, manufacturing upgrading and financial services sector and staying connected with high-quality capital globally, premium brands, professional management and excellent team resources to maximize 
continue to establish the four major profit engines of insurance, industrial operations, investment and asset management, in particular, with more efforts on financial and insurance businesses which will be groomed into a major funding source to support our investments in 
I would like to take this opportunity to express my heart-felt thanks to members of the Board, all the staff of the Group, the team of entrepreneurs the Group invested in and cooperation partners for your confidence in and support for Fosun.
In 2013, we are going forward hand in hand! 
26 March 2013 