CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2013 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2013 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB6,539,058,000, representing an increase of approximately 2.7% from 2012. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB64,573,000, representing a decrease of approximately 53.4% from 2012. The gross profit margin for the year was 24.9%, representing increase of 0.5 percentage points from last year.
2013 was the year in which the Group faced most difficult challenges since its listing in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In particular, the product shipments in the wind power industry dropped significantly due to unfavourable domestic and overseas economic conditions in the first quarter of 2013, preventing the achievement of the Group s overall operation objective.
During the Period under Review, the PRC government maintained its tight currency policiy to adjust and control economic growth, resulting in the decrease in capital expenditure across various industries and restricting the market demand for our products. There still had been excessive production capacity in the equipment manufacturing industry in the PRC, which had imposed huge pressure on the volume of purchase orders for the Group s traditional transmission equipment products.
Facing formidable challenges during the Period under Review, the Group remained unified and worked towards a common goal. Unintimidated by the difficulties and by bringing our strong, innovative and dauntless spirit into full play, we successfully withstood the decrease in market demand for wind power gear boxes in the first quarter of the year. In the face of huge pressure on the market demand for traditional transmission equipment products, our revenue managed to remain at the same level as last year. The volume of purchase orders for our marine products in both domestic and overseas markets increased considerably, paving the way for our development in 2014. Our performance stood out from the crowd in the machinery industry in Nanjing and also ranked among the best in the PRC manufacturing industry.
The PRC wind power industry started to recover in the second half of 2013, with indicators such as new installed capacity, tender price and utilisation hours improving from 2012. According to a preliminary statistics of Chinese Wind Energy Association, in respect of wind power, newly installed accumulated capacity amounted to 16.10 million kW, on-grid accumulated installed capacity reached 78 million kW, and total installed capacity exceeded 90 million kW in 2013. Wind power maintained its position as the third largest power source, preceding nuclear power. Average wind power utilisation hours exceeded 2,000 hours, over 100 hours more than 2012. Wasted wind power amounted to 15 billion kWh, 5 billion kWh lower than 2012. As favorable factors accumulate, it is estimated that wind power installed capacity will continue to grow in 2014. The recovery of the wind power industry is worth expecting. Nonetheless, in the long run, the consolidation, transformation and upgrade of the industry will inevitably accumulate power as and when new opportunities arise. Industry consolidation will eliminate excessive productivity and improve the quality of wind power generating units and facilitate the development of wind power industry in a longer term. With the introduction of new technologies and the support of government policies on new energy, the prospect of the industry is to step into the track of sound development.
As a leading manufacturer of wind gear transmission equipment in the PRC, the Group has over 40 years of experience in the wind power equipment manufacturing sector. In respect of wind power gear box transmission equipment, the Group targets to expand its product scale, diversify its product mix and produce products applicable to low wind speed for future development plans. In addition to bulk export to the United States, it will strive to expand into Europe, and emerging markets such as India and Brazil so as to constantly expand its market share and customer base. The Group supplied 149 units of 3MW wind power gear boxes to its customers in 2013. 5MW and 6MW wind power gear box transmission equipment have been successfully developed. The Group also established good cooperation with renowned domestic and international wind turbine manufacturers, including GE Energy, Nordex, Vestas, Repower, Hitachi, Alstom, Suzlon, Goldwind (yb), Sinovel (), Guangdong Mingyang (qgf}), Shanghai Electric ( Nwm#l), Guodian United ( WoT) and Dongfang Electric (qge#l). The Group has received wide recognition and trust for its quality products and services. We will continue to focus on stabilizing our product quality and increase international competitiveness, so as to further increase our market share.
Traditional products represent the second largest business segment of the Group. Amid fierce market competition, the Group will endeavour to consolidate its leading position in China by improving quality control system, further optimising marketing efforts and strengthening technological innovation.
With 2013 passing by and looking forward to 2014, the wind power industry will not only benefit from the national policies of vigorous development of new energy and renewable energy, but also will see a bright future with steady growth of macro economies. The Group will continue to maintain a cautious and pragmatic operating strategy, adhere to the theory of focusing on product quality and reputation and actively capture the development opportunities resulting from the economic system reform and transformation of the pattern of economic development to realize steady and innovative development, while proactively consolidating the traditional business and strongly developing its four new segments, i.e., coal mine machinery, electric control, heavy duty high precision machine tools and LED (Light Emitting Diode).
I would like to express my heartfelt thanks to the management, the Board, all staff, shareholders and investors who have contributed to and put faith in the Group as well as our business partners who have been supportive of the 
28 March 2014 