CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to present the 2010 annual report of China High Speed Transmission Equipment Group Co., Ltd. (the Company ). For the year ended 31 December 2010 (the Period under Review ), the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) recorded sales revenue of approximately RMB7,392,649,000, representing an increase of approximately 30.9% over 2009. Profit attributable to owners of the Company was approximately RMB1,383,635,000, representing an increase of 43.2% over last year, or an increase of 15.0% over last year if excluding the changes in fair values of convertible bonds and equity swap. The gross profit margin for the year was 31.1%, representing a decrease of 1.9% over last year. Benefitted from government s supporting policy and favourable market conditions against the backdrop of a global economic recovery, major business of the Group achieved remarkable results in 2010 due to the hard work and dedication of our staff and the support from all circles. I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to the management, the directors, all our staff, shareholders and investors for their efforts and trust as well as business partners for their continuous support.
In 2010, the global economy began to recover at a steady pace. In China, the renewable energy industry developed rapidly with the support of government policies. Under favourable market environment, the Group maintained its prudent strategy to diversify its business by introducing more products into the market. Last year, adhering to its core value of product quality and reputation, the Group adjusted its development strategy to cope with the changing market environment and consolidated its leading position as the largest supplier of wind power gear boxes in the PRC. Our excellent product quality and reputation are regarded as the benchmarks of the industry.
During the Period under Review, sales volume of each principal business segment of the Group was remarkable: The development of the PRC wind power industry in 2010 was noteworthy. The new installed capacity and aggregate installed capacity of the wind power industry in China in 2010 were 16 million KW and 41.827 million KW respectively, which surpassed the United States and were ranked first in the world. Sales of wind gear transmission equipment, a major line of products of the Group, increased significantly during the Period under Review due to our continuous efforts. It recorded sales of RMB5,457,532,000, representing an increase of 43.4% as compared to last year. The Group successfully expanded the production capacity to 9,000MW. Sales of the 1.5MW and 2MW wind gear transmission equipment in domestic and overseas markets remained stable and they were well recognized by customers. High capacity wind power equipment has become the mainstream after the launch of offshore wind power projects for tendering. Leveraging the sophisticated production technology of 3MW wind power gear box, the Group was the first to commence mass production of 3MW wind power gear box in the PRC and became a leading offshore wind power gear transmission equipment manufacturer in China. In 2010, the first batch of 3MW offshore wind power gear box of the Group was delivered to its customers and has been in smooth operation.
With regard to the marine gear transmission equipment segment, the Group possesses annual production capacity of 400 sets of controllable pitch propeller and is one of the top marine propeller system manufacturers in the PRC. The high precision marine products of the Group are mainly sold to domestic and overseas high-end customers. The Group entered into long-term strategic cooperation agreements with reliable overseas partners in 2010, which laid a solid foundation for the Group to further develop the overseas market of marine gear transmission equipment.
The transmission equipment for high-speed locomotives and urban light rail segment of the Group has developed steadily with sales of RMB36,310,000, representing 0.5% of total sales. The Group s products are used in subways of major cities including Shanghai, Beijing, Nanjing and Shenzhen and operate well. In 2010, high-speed railway has become a popular keyword in railway construction and development in the PRC. In the Twelfth Five-year Economic and Social Development Plan, high-speed railway is regarded as a strategic emerging industry. Favourable government policies in respect of funding, land, technology innovation and operating environment will be adopted to support the construction of high-speed railways. In light of the favourable policy and market environment, the Group will capitalise on the opportunities to enhance the research and development of light rail and high-speed train gear equipment. The Group will further expand the high- speed railway, subway and urban light rail business to become new sources of growth.
During the Period under Review, traditional gear transmission equipment business of the Group maintained healthy growth.
As a leading traditional gear transmission equipment supplier in China, while maintaining its foothold in China, the Group has taken steps to explore overseas markets, mainly in developing countries such as India, Vietnam, Brazil and Middle East, etc. The Group has successfully developed the market in India. In accordance with its product diversification strategy, the Group began to develop speed control transmission gear product and explore the business of electrical transmission equipment by modifying its mechanical transmission equipment. The new business segment of the Group recorded profits during the Period under Review.
During the Period under Review, the Group has registered 29 new patents and the total number of registered patents was 119. In addition, the Group has applied for the registration of 42 patents. The new patents involved various technologies being applied in wind gear transmission equipment, rail transportation transmission equipment, marine propulsion system, construction materials conveying equipment, metallurgy conveying equipment, coal conveying equipment, electrical and mechanical equipment, etc. For wind power gear transmission equipment, the 3MW wind power gear transmission equipment of the Group has been introduced into the market and the research and development of the 5 MW high wind power gear transmission equipment has been proceeding as scheduled. For light rail and high-speed railway transmission equipment, the Group cooperated with Alstom, S.A. in France in the research and development of the transmission for AGV high- speed train with a maximum speed of 570 kmh. If the research and development is successful, this AGV will be the fastest train in the world.
In 2010, with the support of government policies and the rapid growth of renewable energy industry, the Group grasped the opportunities in the domestic market to boost the sales to RMB6,526,235,000, representing an increase of 35.7% as compared to the previous year. In addition, the overseas sales of the Company recorded a steady growth as the overseas markets have not fully recovered. Export sales of the Group increased by 3.4% to RMB866,414,000 when compared with last year. The Group intends to establish offices in Texas, USA to service overseas customers. The Group has maintained a stable and good relationship with excellent domestic and foreign customers. The products of the Group were highly recognised by major brands. The orders from major customers have been increasing, which proved the excellent quality and competitiveness of the Group s products in the international markets. Based on the solid foundation laid in 2010, the Group intends to expand the production capacity of wind power gear transmission equipment to 12,000 MW to grasp the opportunities in the domestic and overseas markets.
However, it is believed that the renewable energy industry in China is not mature and will face various challenges during its rapid development. Currently various infrastructure equipment is under the progress of cousolidation. International financial markets are recovering gradually from the economic crisis at different paces. Therefore, in addition to maintaining its growth momentum, the Group will focus on products restructuring, expanding its product scale and enriching its product variety, so as to reduce market risks and cope with the changes in market more easily. In addition to the core business of wind power gear transmission equipment, the Group will also consolidate other business segments to seize market opportunities. The Group will provide the global customers with high quality products to maintain its leading position in the market and to bring stable returns for its shareholders.

25 March 2011 