Chairman’s Statement
High double-digit increases in revenues and profits
• Integration of Homelite operations
• Royal acquisition will add new growth platform
I am extremely pleased to present our
very strong results for the year, which
were achieved in a difficult economic
environment.
Business conditions worldwide, including the key United States
market, were far from favourable during 2002, as consumers
digested the shocks of further equity market declines and the
implications of heightened geopolitical tensions. This gloomy
context makes TTI’s performance especially impressive, with
high double-digit growth in revenues and profits supported by the
rapid integration of recently acquired businesses and continued
strong organic growth from our brands.
Our announcement in December of the acquisition of Royal
Appliances Manufacturing Co. (“Royal”) in the United States
capped a three-year period in which we have successfully
transformed the business, acquiring the brands and creating the
economies of scale to compete in global markets.
Financial Results
Revenues increased by 55.6% to HK$9.5 billion. This strong
growth reflects equally the addition of the Ryobi operations we
acquired over the past 18 months in Europe and Australasia and
of Homelite in January 2002, as well as growth from our existing
operations. Profits rose strongly, by 71.1% to HK$408.8 million.
Earnings per share increased 56.4% to HK65.73 cents.
I am pleased to announce that the Board is recommending a
final dividend of HK10 cents per share, which together with
the interim dividend of HK6 cents per share will bring the full
dividend payment for the year to HK16 cents, an increase of
39.1% over that declared in 2001.
TTI has moved from being a
supplier on an OEM basis to an
integrated Group that owns
leading brands in each of its
core businesses
Our finances are strong, despite several acquisitions, with the
net debt-to-net tangible worth ratio improving from 54.9% in
2001 to net cash, well within our desired level.
Operations
Our impressive financial achievements were the result of
outstanding performances across all our operations.
Ryobi brand power tools produced very strong results that
exceeded our expectations, with sales doubling from 2001.
We brought new products to the consumer, supported by
well-designed and executed marketing and pricing strategies.
In particular, very strong demand for our combo kits in the
United States enabled us to outperform the market by a wide
margin. The newly acquired European and Australasian
operations were quickly integrated and the introduction of our
core product lines in the second half of the year have begun
yielding positive results.
Of particular importance was our success in integrating within
a very short time frame the Homelite operations that we had
acquired in November 2001, in order to create a new, more
cost-effective product line for the approaching sales season.
As a result, the business contributed to TTI’s bottom-line as well
as top-line growth. At the same time, we succeeded in modifying
our engines for these products to meet the new standards
required by the US Environmental Protection Agency, which
opens future opportunities for us. The Group has also benefited
from the complementary nature of the Homelite and Ryobi selling
seasons, which brings common production and aftermarket
service synergies.
The floor care appliance business continued along its stable
growth path. Expansion of the customer base in both North
America and Europe enabled us to achieve strong sales
increases, which included record shipments of ground-breaking
new products to one of our OEM contract customers. While
market conditions remained challenging, our solar powered
lighting and electronic measuring products business
delivered very strong growth in sales and profits, making
a marked contribution to the Company’s bottom line.
Management
The exceptionally rapid growth in our operations, not just in scale
but also in geographical reach, has brought with it challenges of
new dimensions. We have met these challenges at the operating
level with our acquisition strategy, in identifying companies to
acquire that have the most suitable, strong management to run
the businesses, with supportive guidance at the corporate level.
Equally, I have been acutely conscious to enhance our
management team at the head office by bringing on board the
kind of people required to take TTI forward to the next stages of
development. Indeed, our growth rate forces us to focus on
consolidation and control and during the year we expanded our
management at head office with a new team under the direction
of a highly experienced Corporate Controller. Our strategy will
always be to combine business growth with optimal management
size and know how.
Outlook
Our first half order status is as planned and our position going
into the full year 2003 is robust. Comparing our business
currently with the first half of 2002, we are confident that the
Group’s strong momentum will continue.
Our vision is to double our business within the next three years
while bringing sales volumes at our three core business
categories of power tools, outdoor power equipment and floor
care appliances to similar levels. This will give us the purchasing
power, the economies of scale in manufacturing and the brand
impact to propel TTI to market leadership, not only in the United
States, but also in other world markets.
This may seem an ambitious target, given the uncertainties
prevailing in the world economy today. I am nonetheless
convinced that we can achieve these targets. Over the past few
years, TTI has moved from being a supplier of power tools on
an OEM basis to an integrated Group that owns leading brands in
each of its core businesses. Our development and manufacturing
base in Asia gives us tremendous advantages in speed-to-market
and production. We combine these with an in-depth knowledge
of global markets that enables us to develop and sell our products
effectively. The economies of scale we now enjoy make us
powerfully competitive.
The year 2003 will be one of consolidation within our three core
businesses in order to lay the foundation for significant future
expansion. The product range of our Ryobi brand power tools
will continue to expand, and sales increase will be enhanced by
our reputation for quality, reliability and service. 
The opportunities for Homelite are tremendous. Homelite is an
80-year old brand that occupies a position in the large North
American outdoor power equipment market similar to that of
Ryobi in the power tools market. We see enormous scope to
widen the product range beyond the current area of hand-held
petrol-driven tools and fully intend to launch Homelite along the
same path to success earlier achieved by Ryobi.
We also look forward to integrating the Royal operations, allowing
us to bring to our floor care business the same scale and growth
path as in power tools and outdoor power equipment. 
Our first half order status is as planned and our
position going into the full year 2003 is robust.
Comparing our business currently with the first
half of 2002, we are confident that the Group’s
strong momentum will continue
We have worked with Royal for over eight years as a contract
supplier and have developed a close understanding with its
excellent management team. As such, we expect the integration
process to be quick and straightforward.
Through the acquisition, TTI will become a major player in the
global floor care market. Royal’s main Dirt Devil brand occupies
a positioning in the mid-consumer range and is, through its
patented technology, a leader in the fastest growing product
segment of bagless uprights. TTI has aggressive plans to grow
the brand through expanding the product range and launching
wider marketing campaigns. We will rapidly aggregate a much
greater share of Royal’s production to our facilities.
We expect further strong profit contribution from our solar
powered lighting and electronic measuring products business
as it builds on its recent successes and expands the customer
base. In all our power tool and outdoor power equipment product
ranges, we will bring greater emphasis to the area of accessories.
These offer TTI the opportunity to drive incremental sales to
existing customers that offer attractive margins.
At the wholesale level, we will continue to work with our retailers
on product development, supply chain management and sales
and marketing. The partnerships we have developed with these
customers are exceptional and our ability to consistently achieve
sales above their store category averages is making us a supplier
of choice during a period of aggressive supply consolidation. The
Royal acquisition will expand our customer portfolio, and we will
work to leverage these new relationships across our businesses.
We will also continue to invest resources in our important
OEM/ODM customer base, providing these companies and
their brands with the product innovation and well-priced,
efficient, flexible manufacturing that enable them to compete
in today’s highly competitive marketplace.
Finally, I would like to thank all shareholders, customers,
business partners and employees for their support during the
year. Our goal as a Group remains to deliver value and quality
to our customers, and create value for our shareholders. Our
strong earnings per share growth and return on equity in 2002
demonstrates our ability to achieve these ambitions, even in
difficult markets, and I am confident we will build on this
success in 2003 and beyond.
Horst Julius Pudwill
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer