Chairman s Statement Dr. CHENG Kar Shun, Henry 
Our Group s operations faced immense pressure during the height of the financial tsunami which swept across the world from September 2008 to the first half of 2009. Given the unprecedented uncertainties in the financial markets arising from the credit crunch, confidence plummeted and our operations faced severe challenges during the latter part of the financial period that covers 18 months from the start of 2008, due to a change in our accounting year from the year ending 31 December to the year ending 30 June effective from 2009.
Pursuant to our second interim report covering the 12 months ended 31 December 2008, we are pleased to present our results for the 18 months ended 30 June 2009. We achieved a net profit of HK$189 million for the financial period, compared to HK$112.2 million for the first 12 months. Our overall business remained profitable for the period as a whole even though it represented a sharp setback from our record earnings made in 2007. While earnings per share of HK27.61 cents for the financial period were eroded moderately by investment impairment losses, we still grew our shareholders fund by 3.7% to a total of HK$1,925.5 million.
We have not only maintained our financial strength but have also sharpened our competitiveness, taking advantage of market participants seeking alternative financial products and quality service they could trust.
Faced with the loss of investment confidence in the equity market, the dwindling activity in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange resulted in an 18% drop in average daily turnover to HK$72.1 billion in 2008, and a further 19% decline to HK$58.2 billion in the first half of 2009. On the other hand, the derivatives market performed strongly during the turmoil, thanks to rising hedging needs by investors. Our futures broking business thus helped mitigate our earnings drop.
The total market capitalisation of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange topped HK$23 trillion in October 2007. The steep decline in share prices coupled with the lack of major new listings resulted in a sharply lower market capitalisation of about HK$14 trillion at the end of June 2009. Diminishing activity was a major challenge for us, though we reacted promptly by cutting our operating expenses. Our staff costs were well contained as the annualised figure for the financial period represented a 23% decline from the total for 2007.
The liquidity strain in both the money and capital markets had no material impact on us. Our financial position remained liquid as external funding was only needed to finance our margin financing business, which saw subdued demand immediately after the market turned shaky and uncertain. Our own investment exposure was well disciplined and scaled down in time to avoid unnecessary risk exposure. We regret that no dividend was declared for the 12-month period ended 31 December 2008 after the first interim dividend of HK5 cents per share was paid in November 2008, in order to preserve our financial flexibility. Demonstrating confidence in our business recovery, the Board has recommended a final dividend of HK8 cents per share for the financial period, which is expected to be payable on 15 January 2010.

Since the trough in March, global stock markets have started to recover robustly in the past several months, as there have been successive economic indicators pointing to a recovery in the global economy. It is generally reckoned that China s economy has been the first to escape the doldrums, while the US economy has already seen the worst. Closer to us, the Hong Kong economy has in fact fared better, with property prices holding relatively firm compared to the previous economic crises.
Investment confidence in Hong Kong also proved resilient, evidenced by an increase in risk appetite.
We will remain alert to possible hiccups in the economic recovery, as it would be overly optimistic to expect a full resurgence of economic strength in the US in a short period of time. The country is undergoing economic adjustments that may have a bearing on private consumption and investment confidence. However, we are optimistic that the low interest rate environment will continue to shore up economic activity and sustain the buoyancy in the stock markets. Hong Kong will particularly benefit from China s going out policy and offers an ideal marketplace for global investors interested in benefiting from China s dynamic economic development. I have full confidence in the future prospects of the Group s 
Dr. CHENG Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 7 October 2009 