Chairman s Statement 
We are pleased to report a record net profit for the Group for the year ended 31 December 2007. On a 103% increase in revenue to HK$1,473.2 million, our net profit rose 181% to HK$484.8 million last year.
Earnings per share also surged strongly by 165% to HK$0.79 despite the dilution from new shares issued by the Company under a share placement in October 
The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK$0.25 per share for the year, which will sum up to a total payment of HK$0.38 per share for the whole year after including an interim dividend of HK$0.13 per share distributed on 22 October 2007. The total payment represents a 171% increase over the 
Retained earnings of the year coupled with new capital raised from the share placing boosted our shareholders funds by 57% to HK$1,856.5 million by the end of 2007, representing HK$2.84 per share, up 41% over the year. We achieved a return on average shareholders funds of 31.9% for the year, a dramatic improvement from 15.8% for 2006 and 6.3% for 
Our remarkable achievement can be attributed mainly to an exceptionally robust stock market last year, while our solid business foundation and massive client base placed us in an advantageous position to tap the unprecedented business opportunities that arose. Reflecting the sharply increased activity in the local stock market, average daily turnover on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange increased by 231% year-on-year to HK$116.0 billion in the second half of 2007, after chalking up an 82% year-on-year rise to HK$59.2 billion in the first half. For the year as a whole, average daily turnover reached a record HK$88.1 billion, up 160% year-on-year. Our business performance grew up in tandem as our second-half net profit doubled that of the first six months.
Last year was in fact a challenging year for the global financial industry. The impact of the US subprime mortgage fallout on its economy was initially underestimated by the market as a whole, including the Federal Reserve which had to accelerate its rate cuts to restore investor confidence in the latter part of the year. Sharp volatility was witnessed in the local stock market as the US subprime worries were initially counterbalanced by the unexpected announcement by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the so-called through train pilot investment scheme allowing Mainland individual investors to invest directly in Hong Kong-listed equities. Sentiment then succumbed to deepening worries about the US mortgage problems and the knock-on effects on structured debt instruments and, worse off, the credit market as a whole, while the subsequent halt of the through train proposal further accentuated the stock market s bumpy ride.
Dr. CHENG Kar Shun, Henry 
In general, our businesses were resilient throughout the past year. More balanced contributions were made from our core operations including broking, capital market activities, and other financial services, though broking benefited the most from last year s market buoyancy. It is encouraging that our operations generated even better results in the second half of the year despite the sharp market fluctuations and the severe corrections in stock prices towards the end of the year. The Hang Seng Index soared to an all-time closing high of 31,638.22 (a year-to-date gain of 58%) on 30 October 2007 before closing the year at 27,812.65, up 39% for the year.
The reliability, efficiency and variety of our services are a major strength in sustaining our solid business performance in a rapidly changing and highly volatile 
Hong Kong will be unavoidably sensitive to changing conditions in the global economy, though China s economic performance has become increasingly relevant for both the local economy and its financial market. Worries of a recession in both the US and Japan plus the threat of an overheating China economy may continue to dampen investment sentiment in the local stock market. However, this should also mean that Hong Kong should stage stronger rebounds when all the concerns are removed. We believe the Federal Reserve has taken timely measures to address the US economic problems, while the austerity measures in China should be good for its economic well-being longer term. However, stubborn inflationary pressure and continued economic uncertainties would remain worrying near term. We should be on the alert for more violent fluctuations in the global financial 
We stand to benefit from China s continued economic opening, which includes a gradual relaxation of outbound investment by its domestic investors among other market opening measures.
We have built up a significant presence in Mainland China through extensive marketing and brand- building efforts and by setting up a fundamental business framework. As such, a greenlight for the through train and further official relaxation in respect of the provision of investment services by incoming institutions like us on the Mainland will definitely boost our business potential substantially.
Meanwhile, China-related businesses have already contributed substantially to our revenue and profits.
We remain confident in the ongoing economic reform in China and our position in seizing the emerging business opportunities. Most importantly, we have a strong management team, dedicated manpower and the necessary infrastructure to support our future growth. We will seek to further enhance our financial strength to cope with our expansion needs with the mission of developing our Group as one of the most successful home-grown financial services providers in Hong Kong and the Mainland.
Dr. CHENG Kar Shun, Henry 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2008 