Chairman s Statement 
The Hong Kong stock market was largely stable in 2014. During the first half of the year, the local market was dragged by the Mainland s slowing economy and remained quiet amid shrinking turnover. In the second half, however, the market kept gathering momentum on expectations of the official launch of the Shanghai- Hong Kong Stock Connect (the Stock Connect ) and rollout of economic stimulus initiatives in China.
The Hang Seng Index nudged slightly higher by 1.3% and closed the year at 23,605 points after hitting the 6-year high above 25,000 points in August. As for fundraisings, the number of new listings on the HKEx and total fundraising size both set new records in the year. Altogether there were 122 new listings on the Main Board and GEM Board in 2014 raising a total of US$29.3 billion, the second highest in the world which represented an increase of 34% over the 2013 figure, whereas total fundraising size of IPOs and post-IPO share sales aggregated HK$936 billion. The launch of the Stock Connect in November as a milestone in the development of Hong Kong s offshore Renminbi market was emblematic of the deepened financial cooperation between Hong Kong and Shanghai and has effectively boosted trading sentiment. Hong Kong s RQFII quota of RMB270 billion represented 90% of the world s used quota and was exhausted in September. Spurred by the A-share market boom, the Hong Kong s offshore Renminbi business also advanced in solid strides in 2014. In terms of turnover, the Hong Kong market recorded an accumulated turnover of HK$12.64 trillion for the year. Derivatives market turnover totalled 142.4 million contracts whereas commodities market recorded a trading volume of 177.2 million lots, equivalent to US$14.9 trillion or 4 billion tonnes of materials. The local market s securitised derivatives (derivative warrants and CBBCs) turnover was the world s largest for the eighth 
In 2014, the world s economies struggled through a post-crisis correction and maintained a low growth rate in general. The pace of economic growth differed among different regions due to structural differences and geopolitical factors. For example, the U.S.
economy remained on the recovery track and sustained growth momentum on the back of lower energy cost and reflux of global funds. The EU economy turned stable amid a downtrend but was plagued by such issues as high unemployment, low inflation, structural conflicts and its battered economic and trading ties with Russia, in turn dampening the region s recovery.
Japan s economy witnessed low growth and lack of recovery momentum due to the waning effect of the Abenomics policy and the limited room for the debt- laden government to resort to accommodative fiscal policies. The emerging economies turned stable but pick-up momentum remained feeble. As for global market performance in 2014, the Dow Jones Industrial Average continued its uptrend for the sixth consecutive year and closed the year higher by 7.5%. S&P 500 Index gained 11.39% and set new records continuously.
In the second half, the oil price crash and the Greek debt crisis dragged Europe s economic recovery. The European markets performed poorly on the whole.
Except Frankfurt DAX Index which edged higher by 2.65% for 2014, the U.K., French and Russian markets all headed south.
In 2014, Haitong International witnessed growth in all business segments. The Group once again recorded marked revenue growth against the high base in 2013, with the asset management scale doubling and the sales and trading segment developing briskly, contributing significantly to the Group s revenue 
2015 marks the year of deepening of reform in China.
The country has become a key player in the global arena and the central government has proactively kicked off infrastructure projects around the world, in particular cross-border express rail projects as a move to develop a worldwide express rail network. Under the strategic idea of the Maritime Silk Road of the 21st Century , the One Belt and One Road initiative will be an excellent channel for outflow of funds from China, in turn easing the overcapacity concern in the Mainland and supporting its export. In addition, the set up of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will place China in the leading position among the national development banks of the BRIC countries and the Asian investment banks. The move is propitious to the going global strategy of Mainland enterprises and also to China s economic growth. In terms of external investment, China has doubled the scale to over US$100 billion within 5 years and its Marshall Plan is currently at play in the whole world.
Over the years, China has blossomed to become the second largest economy of the world, alongside the continuous progression of Renminbi internationalisation. The launch of the Stock Connect marks a major step forward during the opening up of China s capital account, which will fuel the growth of Hong Kong s offshore Renminbi market and boost demand for offshore Renminbi, eventually guiding Renminbi internationalisation into a new millennium.
In 2015, the Stock Connect may also cover ETFs and futures, and the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect waiting in the wings is likely to be launched as well. Moreover, relaxation of the RQFII scheme allowing access to China s onshore securities market will further integrate Hong Kong s capital market with the Mainland market and place local Mainland brokerage firms in an advantageous position.
Looking forward into 2015, the ECB s trillion-euro quantitative easing program will buoy recovery of the world s economies. Haitong International will seize every opportunity and capitalise on its Mainland background to quicken the expansion into the overseas market by acquiring Japaninvest and consolidating its presence in Singapore, striving to achieve the parallel development of its traditional fee-based and modern investment businesses and to spur the Group s development. Looking ahead, I have full confidence in and high expectation of the Group s performance in 
Hong Kong, 11 March 2015 