Chairman s Statement 
TTI unique is our 
passion to be 
Horst Julius Pudwill 
Strong profit gains from enhanced productivity The TTI Group successfully managed the business in a challenging global economic environment as reflected by improvements in profits and market share. Our full-year profit attributable to owners of the company of HK$491 million in 2009 was an increase of 180.7% over the prior year. We believe this performance shows our fundamentals are among the strongest in our industry.
Implementation of our four Strategic Drivers, combining Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Exceptional People, and Operational Excellence, has guided us to improved value creation and 
Sales were $24.0 billion for the full year, representing a 9.9% decrease from the $26.6 billion in 2008. Foreign currency translation negatively impacted sales by 1%. The Group s earnings before interest and taxes for the year increased by 73.2% to HK$978 million. This positive performance was achieved as a result of a strong second half through aggressive cost-containment initiatives, new product development programs and the timely completion of our Strategic Repositioning Plan. Earnings per share increased by 173.8% to HK31.87 cents over the prior year.
We are pleased to announce the Board is recommending a final dividend of HK4.50 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK3.00 cents per share, this will give a full-year dividend of HK7.50 cents per share, against HK6.00 cents per share in 2008, an increase of 25%.
Innovation by challenging old ideas What makes TTI unique is our commitment and passion to be number one. This is demonstrated by our Powerful Brand portfolio, which is the preferred choice for our customers, partners and end-users. In order to maintain our leadership position, TTI has become not just a manufacturer of high-quality products, but also a company dedicated to market innovation.
This demands an unrelenting commitment to our robust process that creates products which energize our Powerful Brands and deliver great value to our customers and end-users. It is through new product development that we strengthen our market position, stimulate demand and expand our core business.
Our innovation begins with a process to repeatedly challenge established concepts to exceed our customers expectations.
Thorough consumer research and analysis of buyer behavior provides us with a better understanding of their needs.
Using this knowledge to position and target each TTI brand underpins the success of our new product launches and enhances demand for the product category.
Our proven ability to systematically introduce such innovation allows us to forge ahead in the market place.
Positive outlook with momentum TTI emerged from 2009 in an even stronger competitive position than we began.
Gross margin increased in 2009 through the success of our new product innovations, better cost base after completing a global reorganization, and the implementation of strict cost controls.
Our geographic expansion is on track with Australia, Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe and the Middle East already demonstrating gains over 2009. Local sales and marketing organizations already in place will benefit from our new product road maps, Powerful Brands, and global supply chain.
Visible demand patterns, coupled with our strong balance sheet, industry leading products and brands, best-in-class manufacturing platform and a proven management team, already gives us considerable confidence for success in 2010.
It is in times of economic turbulence that decisive leadership and Exceptional People can really make a difference and turn challenge into opportunity. I am delighted with the way our nearly 17,000 employees and associates worldwide have responded with professionalism and commitment in the past year. TTI has emerged stronger, leaner, more responsive to its customers, more profitable and better positioned for sustainable growth.
I thank my fellow directors for their continued support, advice and thoughtful approach to corporate governance and oversight.
We also sincerely appreciate the continuous support of our shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, and strategic 
Horst Julius Pudwill 
