Chairman s Statement 
As reported in our second interim report covering the 12 months ended 30 June 2010, the financial year end date of the Company and its subsidiaries has been changed to 31 December effective from 2010. We are pleased to report that the Group achieved a net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$345.8 million for the 18 months ended 31 December 2010, compared to HK$189 million for the corresponding 18 months ended 30 June 
The Hong Kong market encountered several rounds of volatility over the period under review. Performance for our first interim period reflected a strong rebound of the local market which began from the late second quarter of 2009 amid stabilizing economic conditions and optimistic signs of economic recovery from the global financial downturn following stimulus plans introduced by the US and Chinese governments coupled with improving corporate earnings. The Hong Kong economy especially the properties sector and the equities market also benefited from a strong liquidity inflow into the region.
Both property prices and the equity indexes picked up significantly when compared against the pre-crisis levels.
During the first half of 2010 which covered the reporting period for our second interim results, stock markets initially continued to perform well following the rallies in 2009. Since then, the sovereign debt crisis in the Eurozone kindled by the deteriorating fiscal conditions and immense budget deficits for a number of European countries started to affect the global markets. The local market suffered unavoidably from adjustments to the stock prices as investor sentiment became suppressed by worries over repayment capability and intensifying of the structural problems, despite bailout plans announced by the Eurozone finance ministers and the International Monetary Fund. The tightening measures set by the Mainland Government to cool down property prices and control liquidity supply in the banking sector further impacted the local equities market. The HSI reached a trough of 18,985 in May 2010, or a 13% downward adjustment from the 2009 year end level.
There was an obvious rebound in the local market after the third quarter of 2010, especially following announcement by the US Federal Reserve of the second round of quantitative easing and indications of improving economic outlook and financial data. Property stocks benefited from rising property prices and satisfactory results of land sales. In November, HSI reached the peak level of 24,964 for the entire 2010. However, as we moved towards the end of the year, market sentiment was again impacted by uncertainties and speculation clouding the Mainland Government policies on monetary tightening to control inflation and further measures to curb the overheated property market. The tensions on the Korean Peninsula also added volatility to the markets, despite that the impact to the local market was relatively mild.
Overall, the local stock market achieved a stable and moderate growth in 2010 over the previous year with average daily turnover amounting to HK$69.1 billion, 11% higher than the 2009 comparative. Total market capitalization reached HK$21.1 trillion at the end of 2010, representing a yearly increase of 18%. Funds raised through initial public offerings broke a record high of HK$445 billion; an increase of almost 80% when compared with the total amount raised of HK$248 billion in 2009. This ranked Hong Kong the largest IPO centre worldwide in 2010.
The economic cycles had a certain degree of influence on our business performance but we managed to achieve an overall remarkable result for the entire 18 months as compared with the corresponding financial period with earnings per share increased from HK27.6 cents to HK48.8 cents. Shareholders fund grew by 13% over the period to a total of HK$2,170.6 million as at the end of 2010.
Our Board has proposed a final dividend of HK8 cents per share, which is expected to be payable on or about 27 May 2011. Together with the total interim dividends of HK16 cents per share already paid, total dividend payable for the 18 months ended 31 December 2010 amounts to HK24 cents per share, in consistency with the Group s dividend policy to maintain a payout ratio of approximately 50% of net attributable profit.

Following a challenging 2010 with deep fluctuations in stock prices, market volatility is expected to persist for at least the first half of 2011 as market sentiment will likely remain mixed with positive and negative news. Economic outlook and pace of recovery in the US and development of the Eurozone debt crisis will continue to pose concerns for the investors but economic data recently released are indicative of an improving trend. Given Hong Kong s close links to China, major moves in the Mainland will have a direct impact on the Hong Kong market. Strong earnings growth in Mainland enterprises on the back of a positive economic outlook and an anticipation for RMB appreciation will benefit the equity market and funds will continue to be attracted to Hong Kong for investing into the fast growing Mainland market. Given the low interest rate environment and the continuing influx of liquidity, pressure on upward movement of asset prices will continue to exist, with controlling the pace of inflation a major challenge to China. In the short term, the stock market will be affected by worries over the possibility of further interest rate rise in the Mainland. Hong Kong and China equities will experience a certain degree of volatility but we believe that the upside potential should outweigh the negative factors in the long run, resulting in a positive perspective for investment opportunities.
Over the course of 2010, we completed the business combination of the entire Hong Kong operations with our parent company smoothly, thanks to the contribution from our dedicated colleagues. In November, we launched the rebranding of our new corporate identity to take on a mission to becoming one of the leading international financial institutions and a leader in the Greater China Region. We believe we have established a strong foundation integrating our teams of experienced and talented professionals on the support of a comprehensive range of flawless platforms to pursue our business 
In August 2010, we set a new milestone in the asset management industry by successfully launching the first RMB denominated global fixed income fund in Hong Kong. Building on a head start, we will continue to work vigorously on developing more RMB-denominated products to satisfy their fast growing demand. Although there has been a delay in launching of the mini-QFII program, the general expectation is optimistic at speeding up of an official announcement of the scheme soon by the Chinese Government. The extension of trading session for the local market in closer alignment with practices in the Mainland and other developed markets in two phases, beginning from 7 March 2011, will enhance Hong Kong market competitiveness and will certainly benefit the securities industry as a whole by boosting transaction volume and commission income. Supported by strong liquidity in the region and with China s prominent economic growth as a backdrop, 2011 outlook for the IPO market remains positive. While China related companies seeking floatation overseas to grow their business will continue to dominate in Hong Kong s new listings in terms of both number and capital amounts to be raised, there is a rising trend for overseas companies applying listing in the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. SMEs seeking funds to expand business also view the local market the preferred platform as their starting point for international reach. The rapid increase in the magnitude of RMB deposits in Hong Kong, driven by expectation for appreciation of the RMB has helped to enhance the liquidity pool for launching Yuan-denominated products. The impending listing of the first RMB-denominated IPO will certainly set a critical milestone for the future development of the IPO market.
Despite the likelihood of market volatility continuing to affect investment sentiment, there are strong drivers derived from China s fast and vigorous economic development benefiting the financial industry in both markets. The Group with its solid foundations and support from the parent company will be in the forefront to pursue these business opportunities. I am entirely confident in the future prospects of the Group and delivery of an even more encouraging result in 2011.

Hong Kong, 16 March 2011 