Chairman s Statement 
During the past year, the global economy faced stern challenges. The simmering European sovereign debt crisis, slow economic recovery in the United States, tight money supply in Mainland China and the unstable political condition in the Middle East all caused increasing uncertainties. As Hong Kong is highly sensitive to the global market, the local stock market has been greatly impacted by the European, United States and Mainland markets and performed far poorer than the major European and United States indices. Due to the bleak investment sentiment and weak market condition, our business suffered inevitably to some extent. However, by virtue of stringent risk management, business innovation and collaboration and a diversified business development model, our business lines maintained stable and healthy growth in general.
For the year ended 31 December 2011 (12 months), total revenue of the Group maintained stable growth to HK$1,015.75 million. However, due to the sharp downturn in market environment in the second half of 2011, there was pressure on our profit in the second half year despite a 23% growth in profit during the first half year. Net profit attributable to shareholders for the year was HK$153.20 million, representing a decrease from the corresponding period last year (12 months ended 31 December 2010), while earnings per share was HK19.37 cents. At the end of 2011, shareholders equity increased by 41% as compared with the end of 2010 to HK$3,054.59 million. Our Board has proposed a final dividend of HK2 cents per share, which is expected to be paid on or about 29 May 2012. Together with the interim dividend of HK6 cents per share already paid, total dividend payable for the 12 months ended 31 December 2011 amounts to HK8 cents per share.
During the period under review, the Hang Seng Index ( HSI ) demonstrated a wave pattern with a high start followed by a downward trend. The HSI traded within a narrow range during most of the time in the first half year, but market sentiment turned sour starting from the second quarter as worries mounted over the further tightening of money supply in Mainland China and the devastating blow of the Japanese earthquake and 
the ensuing nuclear crisis on the country s economy.
Although the market condition for the first half year was less satisfactory than expected, the Group still achieved an encouraging operating result during that period. During the first half year, the Group s total revenue increased by over 30% as compared with the corresponding period of the previous year, while net profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$107.62 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 23%. However, negative factors began to pour in starting from the third quarter. The HSI dropped continually in the backdrop of the simmering European debt crisis and the tightening of money supply in Mainland China. On the other hand, bad news such as the historical lowering of the long term sovereign credit rating of the United States, the lowering of the sovereign debt rating of Italy by Standard & Poor, and the filing for bankruptcy by MF Global, a futures brokerage firm in the United States with a history of 200 years, triggered capital withdrawal from emerging markets and investors fled from risky assets, which dragged the HSI further down to a trough of 16,170 in October, the second worst record for the last decade, and plummeted by 20% for the whole year. In mid-November, investors confidence was gradually restored due to a series of measures launched by the Mainland government, such as a Renminbi ( RMB ) 100 billion bond issue by the Ministry of Railway and guaranteed by the Ministry of Finance and the recommencement of suspended railway works, reflecting a switching to a more aggressive fiscal policy. By the end of the year, the People s Bank of China lowered the deposit reserve requirement ratio, and such loosening monetary policy boosted market confidence 
Overall, the local stock market performed weakly in 2011 as compared with the previous year. Although the overall average daily turnover on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the Stock Exchange ) reached HK$69.7 billion, a slight increase of 1% over 2010, such increase was mainly driven by the trading of derivative warrants. Daily turnover of derivative products such as warrants and callable bullbear contracts grew from HK$16.58 billion in 2010 to HK$17.96 billion in 2011, representing a year-on-year growth of 8%, while stock trades regressed from HK$52 billion to HK$51.5 billion over the same period, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1%. Due to the downturn of investor sentiment and adjustment in stock prices, total market capitalization of 1,496 companies listed on the Stock Exchange dropped by 17% to HK$17.5 trillion at the end of 2011. Under the uncertain market conditions, fund raising activities also reduced significantly, with funds raised by IPO fell 42% from HK$445 billion in 2010 to HK$258.9 billion this year.

Looking forward to 2012, it is expected that the European debt issues will continue to be the biggest unstable factor to trouble the global investment market. In the United States, gradual recovery driven by household consumption and corporate investment is expected under a relatively relaxed policy mix. In Mainland China, economic growth will continue to be driven by investment. We anticipate that there will be a loosening of policy in 2012, including a reduction in the deposit reserve requirement ratio. On one hand, the government will adopt an expanding fiscal policy to stimulate investment by the expansion of public construction, such as investment in railway infrastructures and construction of affordable housing. On the other hand, it will continue to expand domestic demand and stimulate household consumption. Both policies are expected to enhance corporate profitability. As the present valuation of Hong Kong stocks has already dropped back to the level during the Asian Financial Crisis in 1998, while negative factors such as the slowing down of the Mainland economy and the European debt crisis are already being reflected in such valuation, room for a further drop will be limited.
Meanwhile, a series of fiscal, monetary, taxation and industrial policies to be introduced by the Mainland government will help to drive up the stock market. We expect that under such policy loosening, Hong Kong stock prices for 2012 will be more favourable than 2011, which will in turn increase trading volume.
During the period, the new management went through a smooth transition and made certain strategic adjustments to the operating concepts and development objectives of our business lines. By making strategic adjustments to the business development objectives and relevant departments, the development path and business direction of Haitong International have become clearer.
Moreover, with a more orderly client-oriented service system and a significantly optimized business structure, we are moving in line with the development requirement for an international investment bank, and laid down a good foundation for our future business development.
With the sincere cooperation of our staff and support from our existing and new customers, our various business lines achieved a stable and healthy development during the period. In respect of broking business, we have further strengthened our retail client base, bringing the total number of clients to a record high of around 160,000. The Group has refined its management at the retail client level, and perfected our client segmentation and core client positioning. During the period, the Group established its private and corporate sales department targeting to provide services for high net worth clients.
The Group has always been committed to develop its broking business through technological advancement of its trading platform. During the year, we rolled out our comprehensive MSSE settlement system, which integrated various functions for multiple markets, products and currencies, and MetaTrader 4 , a bullion and foreign exchange trading system, on schedule, which greatly enhanced the functions and stability of our online trading system. Moreover, we have actively started extensive and in-depth cooperation with the sales departments of our parent company in different cities in Mainland China. Leveraging on our brand recognition in Hong Kong market and the strong network and formidable strength of our parent company in Mainland China, we will be able to provide more superior and advance international financial services to our clients. In respect of asset management, following the successful launch of the first RMB-denominated global fixed income fund in 2010, we have launched the first RQFII product in Hong Kong recently, which has attracted extensive market attention.
The gradual development of RMB-denominated products will be extremely crucial for Hong Kong to establish itself as an offshore RMB trading centre. The Stock Exchange has strengthened its infrastructure long ago to cope with the future launch of RMB products, and it is expected that RMB denominated products will continue to be the market focus. During the period, our corporate finance department has spent great efforts to promote our RMB products and acted as the joint bookrunner and joint lead manager for the RMB bond issues of various companies.
In the future, we shall firmly grasp and carefully manage the opportunities brought by the RMB internationalization to further consolidate and highlight our leadership in RMB products in the Hong Kong market.
At the same time of pushing for continuous business growth, the Group adheres to sound and prudent financial principles to maintain steady cash flow and adequate capital in order to make rapid and flexible responses to the various challenges and opportunities arising during different economic cycles. In August 2011, in order to satisfy the growing capital requirement of the Group and provide support for the Group to implement its development plan, our parent company capitalized the whole sum of HK$850 million previously advanced to the Group for shares, which further enhanced the capital strength of the Company and laid a solid capital base for the future business development of the Group.
In the National Financial Work Conference held at the beginning of this year, Premier Wen Jiabao explicitly stressed the need to accelerate the construction of the capital market and promote a balance and healthy development of the primary and secondary markets in order to restore stock market confidence. We can say that a rare opportunity is lying ahead for China s capital market.
The real economy has established a solid foundation as its sustainable growth continues, while economic restructuring and industrial upgrading, household wealth accumulation and high savings rate and the construction of the social security system all have contributed to the increasing demand for capital market. Therefore, I am fully confident on the prospects of the capital market and Haitong International. I believe with the joint efforts of all staffs and the continuing support from our customers, we will soon be able to achieve the goal of transforming into an international-class investment bank.

Hong Kong, 13 March 2012 