Chairman s Statement Maximizing Future Opportunities with Visionary Foresight 
In 2012, the global financial markets and economic activities experienced a major recession due to the simmering European sovereign debt crisis and the fiscal cliff threat in the United States. This, along with the state leader or council elections in 58 countries, including major global economies, added more uncertainties to the global economic outlook. Against this backdrop, enterprises either cancelled or deferred their fund raising plans amid low appetite of investors. This in turn put unprecedented strain on both the primary and secondary markets in Hong Kong, resulting in the decrease of fund raising size and turnover by 65% and 23%, respectively. Our broking business suffered inevitably to some extent. Nonetheless, with the efforts made to business and operational structure reorganization over the year, the Group is pleased to announce that the net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 grew remarkably as compared with the corresponding period last year.
As of 31 December 2012, the Group recorded revenue of HK$1,177.06 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 17% from HK$1,003.95 million for the last year. In 2012, with the revenue growth primarily contributed by the corporate finance, fixed income and proprietary investment businesses, as well as the effective controls over operating cost, net profit attributable to shareholders for the year was HK$293.45 million, representing an increase of 92% from HK$153.20 million in 2011, while earnings per share was HK32.06 cents. At the end of 2012, shareholders equity amounted to HK$3,254.03 million.
At the end of 2012, the Hong Kong stock market regained its growth momentum. The Hang Seng Index ( HSI ) surged nearly 23%, outperforming most of the other major markets. In early 2012, Greece s successful debt restructuring once dissipated market concerns over the European sovereign debt crisis and supported a short-lived boom in the stock market. However, the worsening financial crisis of Spanish s banking sector which severely weighed on stock market performance and the persistent economic slowdown in the Mainland market had offset the gains of the Hong Kong stock market during the first half of the year, and dragged the HSI down from 21,300 points to 18,400 points within a single month in May. In the second half of 2012, the United States launched a new round of quantitative easing measures while the European Central Bank promulgated its bond purchase program, allowing the stock market to regain its vigour. Alongside the market s positive expectations on the future economic policies of China s new leaders, the HSI jumped to its 16-month high at 22,656 points at year end. Despite the gradual pick- up of the HSI, investors confidence remained weak. As of 31 December 2012, the average daily turnover of the Hong Kong stock market was HK$53.8 billion, representing a decrease of 23% as compared with the figure recorded for 2011. In 2012, there were altogether 64 new public offerings raising a total of HK$89.8 billion, representing a significant decrease of 65% as compared with 2011, in which total funds raised from the 101 new public offerings amounted to HK$259.8 billion, indicating a persistently worsening operating environment.
By contrast, the bond market sustained the rally in 2011 during the year.
As illustrated by the figures released from the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited, total funds raised from the 109 new debt securities listed in 2012 amounted to HK$341.2 billion, representing an increase of over 120% over last year. Figures from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority illustrated that unlisted debt instruments also grew remarkably. In 2012, newly issued HKD-denominated debt instruments other than Exchange Fund Bills and Notes aggregated HK$278.8 billion, representing a year-on- year increase of 21%, while average monthly turnover of the secondary market in 2012 was HK$32.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 62%, indicating investors strong demand for fixed income products amid uncertainty on returns in the securities market.

Looking forward to 2013, it is expected that both Europe and the United States will continue to implement monetary easing policies, while Japan will strive to resuscitate the nation s economy through ultra loose monetary policy and significant depreciation of Japanese yen in the short term. The continuous note issues by central banks in these nations may arouse market concerns over a new round of monetary easing policy competition in the globe. And the low-interest-rate policy will continue to increase capital flow around the world, causing turbulences in liquidity flow across the Asia Pacific region. As for the Mainland market, it is expected that the China Securities Regulatory Commission will successively announce further easing policies on expanding the scale of QFII and RQFII, launching RQFII pilot schemes in Taiwan to enhance investment convenience, continuously supporting the development of cross-border ETF products and cross-border bond markets, facilitating the launch of pilot programs for overseas futures broking business of futures companies, and continuously supporting the overseas listings of domestic enterprises. All of these policies will present golden opportunities to Hong Kong s securities market and capital market.
Against this background, the Group is cautiously optimistic on the recovery of the Hong Kong market in 2013. Since the adjustment of its development strategy in 2011, the Group has proactively diversified its businesses to ensure its healthy and stable growth under various economic conditions. During the period, the Group set up the Fixed Income Department to support the debt services of the Group s corporate finance segment, and to cater to market demands for debt financing and expand its sources of revenue on top of transaction commissions and service fees. The initiative brought lucrative interest income to the Group whilst enhancing its capital efficiency, enabling the Group to achieve steady income growth against the securities market doldrums in 2012.
In January 2012, the Group took the lead to launch the first RQFII fund the Haitong China RMB Income Fund . By virtue of its pioneering position and strong sales channels, the fund filled up 90% of its quota in 3 months and recorded outstanding sales results. In September 2012, the Group became the first Mainland-funded broking firm in Hong Kong qualified for the QFII business, and was granted a QFII quota of US$100 million. Recently, the Group also became the first company that had been granted the approval for RQFLP fund offerings, and was awarded a quota of approximately US$100 million. The Group expects to successively launch new cross-border RMB products in 2013 to further secure its leading position in RMB businesses in the Hong Kong market.
During 2012, the Group participated in the H-share IPO project of its parent company, Haitong Securities Co., Ltd. ( Haitong Securities ). In collaboration with other underwriters, the Group had made tremendous efforts to ensure the successful completion of the project. This not only enhanced the capabilities of the Group to undertake large-scale projects, but also offered chances for the Group to promote the brand name of Haitong International and yield considerable income. During the period, the corporate finance business of the Group recorded growth against a market downturn, registering historical breakthroughs and outstanding results. In the coming year, with the gradual relaxation of overseas listing restrictions imposed on enterprises by the Mainland regulators and riding on established reputation and customer base of Haitong Securities in China, the Group expects to further develop its business in the Hong Kong capital market.
As the sole overseas business platform of Haitong Securities, the Group has successfully adjusted and optimized its business structure to focus mainly on traditional broking and investment banking businesses, which are flanked by the flow-based business and investment business and driven by innovation and internationalization, with safeguards provided by its four major pillars, namely talent, risk control, IT and research.
Despite the persistent turbulences in the global economics in 2013, the Group will continuously strive for further business development, optimized income structure, as well as continuous innovation of its products and services. I am confident that the Group will achieve its strategic goal of becoming a modern and comprehensive international investment bank with leading position in the Greater China region.

Hong Kong, 5 March 2013 