CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Global economic growth remained weak in 2015.
International capital flew back to the US and Europe from emerging markets, and the price of commodities kept dropping. The pace of economic growth varied considerably between regions. In the US, the pace of recovery was still slow due to the Fed rate rise and an uncertain economic outlook. The S&P index fell 0.7% over the year. The EU economy stabilized on the back of the ECB s QE. The UK, France and Germany all grew steadily in 2015. Although Japan recovered slightly from the zero growth in 2014, domestic demand was still weak. By contrast, emerging markets were under great pressure due to the slowdown in China s economy and the normalization of US monetary policy. China adapted to the New Normal in 2015 with a slowdown in economic growth, accelerated structural reform and a transformation in the growth drivers. In December 2015, the IMF announced that the RMB met all existing criteria to be included into the SDR basket as a reserve currency, further supporting efforts to open up China s financial markets and pushing forward the internationalization of RMB. In addition, the establishment of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will provide strong support to the One Belt, One Road strategy.
The Hong Kong stock market was volatile in 2015. Strong upward momentum came in the first half with the liquidity surge in the A-share market and the associated policy easing, with the Hang Seng Index reaching a new post-2008 high in April of 28,588. In the second half, momentum stalled and then sentiment reversed on the back of the increasingly gloomy global economic outlook and the exceptional volatility in the A-share market, leaving the Hang Seng Index down 7.2% for the year. On a brighter note, Hong Kong managed to reclaim its number one ranking in the IPO market for the first time since 2011, with total IPO fundraising size reaching HK$261.3 billion. The Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect ran smoothly in 2015 and gained increasing recognition amongst overseas institutional investors. The mutual fund recognition program was introduced on 1 July, and three northward funds and four southward funds were approved on 18 December, which was another connectivity milestone for the Hong Kong and mainland capital markets.
In 2015, Haitong International successfully built up the infrastructure of a modern investment bank based on the demands of three categories of clients: corporate, institutional and retailhigh-net-worth clients and witnessed fast growth in all business segments. The Group once again recorded marked scale and revenue growth against the high 2014 base, with net asset value of more than HK$20 billion and net profit of HK$2.51 billion. The group also acquired Japaninvest during the year, expanding its institutional cash equities reach into New York, London and Tokyo, forming a strong Pan-Asian franchise with Hong Kong at its core .

The global capital market is full of challenges but also opportunities in 2016. The recent small rise in US rates has probably marked the bottom in US easing. The emerging markets are experiencing a deleveraging cycle. Energy costs remain very low, with little prospect of an imminent turnaround and the risk premium keeps rising. However 2016 is also the breakthrough year for China s New Normal . Supply side reform will become the leading theme of this New Normal . The core of the supply side reforms aims to put market forces at the forefront of resource allocation in order to resolve overcapacity whilst de-bottlenecking supply constraints in the newly-emerging sector. Supply side reform may increase downward pressures on the economy in the short term, but this is an unavoidable aspect of China s economic transformation. We are optimistic that this painful transition period will lead to better economic growth in the future.
Despite a complicating international economic environment, the One Belt, One Road strategy represents a further step in China s economic transformation and internationalization. The strategy presents great opportunities for Hong Kong, which remains China s premier international financial centre and will therefore play an extremely important role in raising the substantial investment capital required. This should, in turn, spur further financial innovation in fields relating to securities issuance, fund creation and financial intermediation. We expect global investors to pay more attention to China during 2016, as Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect comes to fruition, alongside a potential further boost from the long anticipated MSCI inclusion . As a leading Hong Kong-based financial institution with a strong Pan-Asian focus, Haitong International should derive substantial benefits from these developments as they unfold.
In anticipation of a more complicated financial environment in Hong Kong during 2016, Haitong International will take initiatives to seize opportunities and stay flexible to embrace the new challenges ahead.
In 2016, Haitong International will continue to leverage its strengths and to build its core competencies, even as global competitors retrench, with the aim of becoming a leading Pan-Asian investment bank, with a strong focus on our talented employees and valued clients 
Hong Kong, 10 March 2016 