Chairman’s Statement
We will continue exploring new strategic
initiatives while at the same time expanding
our core business into new categories
and geographies.
I am delighted to announce that 2016 was our seventh consecutive
year of record revenue and ninth consecutive year of record profit.
TTI achieved this with a disciplined focus on our four key strategic
drivers of powerful brands, innovative products, exceptional people,
and operational excellence which enables us to further drive our
financial performance and deliver on our corporate milestones.
Record Financial Performance
Revenue for the year ended December 31, 2016 increased 8.8%
over 2015 to US$5.5 billion, through continued investment in new
product development, R&D and marketing. Revenue before currency
adjustment rose 9.8% with all geographic regions delivering solid
growth. Our largest business, Power Equipment, had another
exceptional year with sales growth of 12.6% to US$4.5 billion,
accounting for 81.6% of total sales, and an increase in operating
profit of 13.4% to US$430 million from US$379 million in 2015.
Sales in our Floor Care and Appliance business were slightly below
last year by 5.3% with a negative impact upon foreign currency
translation, but delivered encouraging growth in the second half in
North America. We are confident our strategy in driving innovation
through product development with technology-driven solutions
and a focus on cordless and professional cleaning will drive the
turnaround in the coming years.
Our core strengths of innovation, execution, and speed to market
are the prime competitive advantages driving TTI’s success.
Gross profit margin improved from 35.7% to 36.2% driven by
new product introductions, mix, operating leverage and productivity
gains. Earnings before interest and taxes, increased by 12.6% to
US$450 million, with the margin improving by 30 basis points to
8.2%. Shareholders’ profits rose 15.4% to US$409 million, with
earnings per share increasing by 15.2% over 2015 to US22.32 cents.
Working capital as a percent of sales remained low at 16.4% and
our gearing at 5.2%.
The Board is recommending a final dividend of HK30.00 cents
(approximately US3.86 cents) per share. Together, with the interim
dividend of HK20.00 cents (approximately US2.57 cents) per share,
this will result in a full-year dividend of HK50.00 cents (approximately
US6.44 cents) per share, against HK39.25 cents (approximately
US5.05 cents) per share in 2015, an increase of 27.4%.
Strategic Initiatives
TTI continues investing in R&D to deliver innovative new products
with our portfolio of global brands. 2016 was another year of
significant advancements in our market leading lithium technology
with the introduction of the MILWAUKEE M18 REDLITHIUM
HIGH DEMAND 9.0 battery pack, the most powerful in the industry.
Unlike other industry solutions, the HIGH DEMAND 9.0 Battery Pack
enables users to remain invested in one battery platform and is
compatible with 125+ M18 tool solutions. Leveraging the new battery
pack, the M18 FUEL 10” Dual Bevel Sliding Compound Miter Saw
was designed to meet the demanding needs of professional users by
delivering corded cutting performance. RYOBI ONE+ system is the
global leader in cordless do-it-yourself (DIY) tools, continuing to
innovate and bring more tools onto the platform. The AEG brand,
with its strategic importance in Europe and Rest of World markets,
delivered growth as we continued to expand the cordless range
product offering.
The investment in cordless technology is also a catalyst for growing
our outdoor equipment business. We are expanding the outdoor
product equipment business with RYOBI ONE+, RYOBI 40V and
AEG 58V systems. We have entered the lawn and garden market
using the MILWAUKEE M18 FUEL technology in developing an
innovative string trimmer, blower, and hedge trimmer that meet the
demands of landscape professionals and are fully compatible with
the MILWAUKEE M18 system.
Our new Floor Care leadership team has established a clear strategy
and is focused on revitalizing our brands HOOVER, DIRT DEVIL,
ORECK and VAX. Future growth will be generated through execution
of the TTI model of excellence in product design, advanced 
technology development and brand marketing. We will be launching
significant first to market innovations like the HOOVER REACT
vacuums featuring FLOORSENSE Technology using micro-sensors
to identify floor surfaces, HOOVER App controls, and the ONEPWR
lithium battery system. Further cordless developments are featured
in the recently introduced VAX BLADE powered by DIRECT HELIX
TECHNOLOGY for optimum runtime and cleaning performance in
any orientation. We have a new headquarter in Charlotte, North
Carolina, with state-of-the-art facilities for product development and
consumer research. We are excited with the new innovative products
planned in 2017 and beyond.
We have a deep commitment to operational excellence and continuous
improvement. Our disciplined processes in lean manufacturing,
automation, global purchasing, and value engineering continue to
deliver efficiencies, reduced lead-times, and improved quality and
service levels. We continue to build production and supply chain
capacity to support our growth. In 2016 we expanded US production
capacity, built a state-of-the-art logistics and manufacturing
operation in South Carolina, and are expanding the Milwaukee
global headquarter and R&D center. We have five manufacturing
locations and four R&D centers in the US employing approximately
five thousand people which globally supply our brands with
innovative products.
We have expanded in scale and global reach since the early days
of TTI, yet we have kept the importance of our entrepreneurial
organizational culture. We have an exceptional DNA focused on
the relentless drive for excellence, skills, creativity, and urgency
necessary to produce the team of exceptional people required to
lead TTI today and in the future. We believe that TTI owes its success
to our employees who embrace the TTI culture and our focus.
Their enthusiasm, energy, and dedication helps us deliver the goals
we set every year.
Exciting Future
Over the years, we have set the stage for a very exciting future.
We have built an amazing brand portfolio, invested in world class
talent, and driven innovation that is state of the art with speed to
market that is second to none. We are approaching a decade of
delivering year over year record performance and our dedication
and commitment that got us to where we are has more momentum
than ever. Our new product flow will continue and I am extremely
excited about the innovation that we have coming which will feed
into our product pipeline well into the future. We understand the
importance of not becoming complacent and our relentless focus
on our strategic drivers is what continues to keep our foundation
strong. We will continue exploring new strategic initiatives while at
the same time expanding our core business into new categories
and geographies.
I am delighted with TTI’s success in 2016 and even more excited
about 2017. On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my
gratitude to our customers and everyone at TTI for their commitment,
support and creativity to make TTI what it is today. TTI is an
outstanding, industry leading company with vast opportunity.
I look forward to our continued success in achieving our goals
and delivering strong performance.
Horst Julius Pudwill
Chairman
March 14, 2017