Chairman s Statement Our powerful brands continue to increase visibility enabling the Company to forge ahead.
Horst Julius Pudwill 
" Profits increased by 40% " Record sales on 7.4% growth " Growth driven by new innovative products " Competitiveness enhanced by strategic repositioning " Lower operating expenses " Improvement of free cash flow Record Sales on 7.4% Growth TTI Group delivered record sales in 2008 of HK$26.6 billion, an increase of 7.4% over the prior year and a full year profit of HK$175 million, a 40% increase over 2007. This includes the one-time restructuring costs of the Strategic Repositioning Plan which was announced in 2007. Profit without the restructuring and relocation costs, goodwill impairment, and other income grew 83.1% to HK$899 million from HK$491 million in 2007. Earnings per share increased 38.4% to HK$0.1164 over the prior year.
In 2008, the Group s momentum was maintained while managing the global economic challenges. The resilience of our business is reflected in our sales, profit, and balance sheet improvements during the year. Positive results were achieved through new product development programs, cost containment initiatives, and implementation of our Strategic Repositioning Plan ahead of the economic challenges of 2008. The Plan has improved the manufacturing cost profile and the competitiveness of the Company.
We are prepared to handle the economic challenges in 2009.
The Group generated HK$740 million of free cash flow in 2008, reflecting improved working capital and reduced capital expenditures (CAPEX). While CAPEX for new product development continued, prudent management lowered overall CAPEX by 16% to HK$719 million from HK$860 million in 2007. Additional cash was generated from operational improvements and global supply-chain consolidation resulting in a 24% reduction in inventory of HK$1.4 billion to HK$4.5 billion at the end of 2008 compared with 2007.
The Directors have recommended a final dividend of HK$0.03 per share for the year ended December 31, 2008 payable to the Company s shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on May 27, 2009. Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company, the proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on July 31, 2009. This payment, together with the interim dividend of HK$0.03 per share paid on September 29, 2008, makes a total payment of HK$0.06 per share for 2008.
Growth Driven by New Innovative Products TTI is committed to delivering quality, innovation, and exceptional value to its customers. This focus has provided continuous gains in the Group s market position and has driven record sales results.
TTI launched over 350 new products across all core categories and gained strong traction in new categories with substantial sales and profit growth potential. Approximately 30% of our 2008 sales were generated from our new products. We were able to achieve this level of new product vitality through improved R&D productivity that maintained spending below 2% of sales, which is consistent with historical levels without compromising end-user driven innovation.
Competitiveness Enhanced by Strategic Repositioning In 2007, the Board of Directors approved the Strategic Repositioning Plan, an initiative for the Group to fully leverage and exploit the synergies and growth opportunities offered by its acquisitions and business scale. The initiatives included re-deployment of our global manufacturing and product development operations; reorganization of resources around newly created business units for more efficient management of brands and products; and investments to expand our well-positioned and recognized brands and innovative products into relevant markets.
Lower Operating Expenses The global management team addressed the challenge to drive down operating expenses and as a result, direct labor and manufacturing overhead were reduced by 9% from 2007 levels.
The New Industrial Park in Dongguan, China achieved full production during the second half of the year. Even with higher sales, SG&A expenses were reduced from 27.9% of sales in 2007 to 25.9% in 2008. This was achieved without sacrificing our commitment to product development, brand support, and product promotion through control and allocation of all areas of the 
The sales volume increase and cost reduction activities increased Gross Profit to HK$8.2 billion in 2008 from HK$7.8 billion in 2007. Our Gross Margin percentage softened to 30.8% of 2008 sales. Materials inflation led the erosion, but was partially offset by business and product mix improvements and reductions in the direct labor and manufacturing overheads. Profit from Operations grew 4% due to the leveraging of the SG&A expenses. The Floor Care and Appliances business continued its improvement following the Hoover integration as Profit from Operations expanded from 1.9% of sales in 2007 to 3.2% of 2008 sales. Management is convinced that the trend will continue.
Improvement of Free Cash Flow The reduction of CAPEX and lower inventory contributed to significant free cash flow improvement of HK$1.2 billion from the 2007 level. A well-controlled global inventory management resulted in lower days sales on hand of 62 days from 88 days in 2007. The Company reduced CAPEX in 2008 and the completion of the New Industrial Park means capital requirements will be lower going forward. Together, we expect free cash flow to continue to improve.
The improvement in free cash flow has enabled the Group to further reduce our bank debts. Our capital structure remains strong and we successfully refinanced approximately 80% of a HK$1.0 billion syndicated loan in March 2009. In December 2008, net gearing 
The Group expects a challenging environment ahead in light of the ongoing economic weakness in our main markets of US and Europe.
TTI will address this with a focus on its core strengths of product innovation around powerful brands and best-cost manufacturing to sustain its competitive advantage. Our powerful brands continue to increase visibility enabling the Company to forge ahead. We will further enhance our brands by delivering innovative new products and services to fuel market share gains.
Our commitment to developing innovative and quality products at competitive costs is the engine of our business; driving sales, market share gains, and entry into the new markets. We are encouraged by the end-user response to the new products introduced last year and are confident that we can build on this success. TTI has proven its ability to improve its market position during difficult economic 
Another important ingredient of TTI s strength and competiveness is our unrelenting drive for cost efficiency. We have prioritized lowering manufacturing cost by increasing the scope of the Cost Improvement Programs (CIP) and reducing our SG&A cost base as initiatives for 2009. This will allow us to expand gross margins, improve working capital management, and help to achieve the goal of growing free cash flow and improving our capital structure.
The Strategic Repositioning Plan has provided a powerful platform for further productivity gains and the New Industrial Park is generating manufacturing cost improvements through reduced labor and overhead costs, ongoing cost improvement programs, and rigorous material purchasing. We are driving execution of cost savings through our Operating Cycle Deployment of quarterly operating reviews across all businesses and functional areas. The Management has set aggressive internal cost goals and having already made many of the difficult decisions to restructure the global manufacturing operations, is confident these will be accomplished.
We have laid the foundation to meet the challenges of 2009 and move TTI to a higher level.
Our efforts in 2008 were ambitious, but the reward was to have TTI recognized as a world leader in the industries it serves. This could not have been achieved without the professionalism and commitment of our employees whom I would like to thank. We are confident shareholders can look forward to the rewards of this hard work as TTI is positioned for a sustained period of focused, organic growth. I thank my fellow Directors for their continued support, advice and thoughtful approach to corporate governance and oversight. We also sincerely appreciate the continuous support of our shareholders, suppliers, customers, and partners.
Horst Julius Pudwill 
