Chairman s Statement 2007 Performance Highlights 
" Growth in Power Tools and Floor Care " Gross Margin Strengthened in Core Business " Hoover Integration Completed " Strategic Repositioning Plan on Track 
TTI Group achieved record sales in 2007 of HK$24.8 billion, 13.5% over the prior year. This growth has been achieved in a challenging macroeconomic environment in the United States as we begin to see the rewards from the Group s strategic acquisitions and restructuring.
During the year, we strengthened our market leadership position in North America as Hoover and Stiletto joined our powerful brand portfolio. Strong growth momentum was maintained in Europe and with the appointment of a new management team there, as well as in the Middle East, Canada, Latin America, and Australia, we are positioned for continued growth in our international operations. We also took steps to develop the best management talent within TTI by introducing our college recruiting activities and Leadership Development Program.
Growth in Power Tools and Floor Care The 2007 sales increase was aided by an 11 months contribution of the Hoover acquisition. Our Floor Care business expanded 67.8% with the acquisition, and the core Floor Care business maintained positive underlying momentum, growing at a mid single-digit rate. New innovative products boosted our Power Tool business delivering low single-digit growth in both professional and consumer segments. We exited non-strategic businesses in the Outdoor Products category, resulting in an overall decline of sales in the Power Equipment division.
The hard work from the Hoover integration and the Strategic Repositioning Plan are positioning TTI for 
Horst Julius Pudwill 
Gross Margin Strengthened in Core Business The Company delivered an improved gross margin for the core business in a difficult cost environment.
With Hoover, our consolidated gross margin of 31.5% was comparable to 31.6% in the prior year. The introduction of new products, ongoing programs for cost containment, leveraging our scale, and improved operational efficiencies offset rising commodity prices and inflationary pressures.
Investing in Marketing and R&D The operating margin before restructuring and transition costs narrowed in 2007 due to the acquisition and the planned investment increase in sales, marketing, and R&D activities. We expect the SG&A spend will support stronger and more profitable growth going forward. Our product innovation stream will benefit from the increase in R&D spending from 2.0% in 2006 to 2.2% in 2007 of sales.
Strategic Repositioning Plan on Track The Strategic Repositioning Plan, which we announced in August 2007, is an important initiative for the future growth and profitability of the Company.
HK$743.02 million of restructuring and transition costs were charged against 2007 earnings. These included the costs to close Hoover s North Canton, Ohio manufacturing facility and relocate manufacturing to Texas, Mexico, and China, plus the closure of two Milwaukee manufacturing facilities in North America. We are anticipating annual savings of approximately HK$550 million (US$70 million) resulting from the restructuring activities when completed.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the parent for 2007 totaled HK$125.26 million after restructuring and transition costs. Before restructuring and transition costs, earnings per share was HK58.27 cents. EPS after restructuring and transition costs was HK8.41 cents.
The Directors have recommended a final dividend of HK1.50 cents per share for the year ended December 31, 2007 (2006: HK 12.60 cents) payable to the Company s shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on May 30, 2008. Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting of the Company, the proposed final dividend is expected to be paid on or about July 31, 2008. This payment, together with the interim dividend of HK6.50 cents per share paid (2006: HK6.50 cents) on September 28, 2007, makes a total payment of HK8.00 cents per share for 2007 (2006: HK19.10 cents).
New Product Focus on Cordless Power Tools Our Power Tools and Accessories business experienced stronger second half growth in 2007. This was due to the successful launch of new lithium ion battery cordless tools and strong sales in Europe. Milwaukee improved against prior year in the second half and AEG continued its solid expansion. Sales of Ryobi branded consumer tools benefited from the launch in the second half of the green lithium battery line of tools, along with the continuing success of the One+System. We are driving product development in all businesses through our Strategic Business Unit (SBU) process that has established global platforms and directs development to the highest-impact programs.
Hoover Integration Completed The Floor Care business achieved positive sales growth in 2007 from the core business. The addition of Hoover to our brand portfolio is strategically important to providing a premium brand platform for future expansion. A timely integration of Hoover was a key priority in 2007 and as a result, we have greatly reduced manufacturing costs. We anticipate this turnaround to provide profit contribution in the future years.

Our goal is to be number one in the industries we serve and we will continue to focus on our Strategic Drivers of Powerful Brands, Innovative Products, Exceptional People, and Operational Excellence. Delivering innovative new products to our customers remains the foundation of our business and last year we were delighted with the performance of our new lithium ion cordless tools and lightweight outdoor gas products.
We consider our brand portfolio to be the best in our industry providing tremendous opportunities for future geographic, new product, and business segment expansion.
Our concentration in 2008 will be the continued execution of the Strategic Repositioning Plan as we turn to our European operations, expanding the product categories and reach of our strong brand portfolio, and advancing the rigor of developing and marketing innovative products. At TTI, starting at the highest levels, we continue to nurture our strategic partnerships with major retailers and key customers. We expect some benefits in 2008 from our restructuring and are confident of achieving stronger growth in 2009 
Great Brands in our Businesses Our Power Tool, Outdoor Product, and Floor Care businesses benefit from exceptional brands that professionals and consumers trust. We expect to further our market leading position in North America during 2008 with the planned introduction of new innovative products. Outside the U.S. we expect sales expansion supported by continued growth of the Canadian economy and our intensified marketing efforts in Europe, the Middle East, Latin America, and Australia. As a result, the Company has achieved double-digit revenue growth in the first quarter of 2008 and expects such growth to be maintained over 
Joe Galli, our newly appointed Chief Executive Officer, successfully led the acquisition and integration of Hoover. Under his guidance, leaders in our geographic, brand, product, and operational business units are seizing the opportunities for growth, product innovation, and operational efficiencies with enthusiasm. We recognize leadership development and a career roadmap are important to our employees who are the engines of our business. TTI is excited about our new initiatives that will grow our employee capital such as the Milwaukee global training center.
I would like to close by thanking our employees for their passionate commitment to profitably growing our business and making TTI recognized as the world leader in our industries. I thank my fellow directors for their advice and thoughtful approach to governance and oversight. Finally, we sincerely appreciate the support of our shareholders, customers, and partners.
Horst Julius Pudwill 
