Chairman’s Statement
ECONOMIC, MARKET AND
BUSINESS REVIEW
2016 was the year marked with aggravating market
fluctuations and a spate of “black swan events”.
Global highlights such as Brexit and U.S. presidential
election imposed ramifications over the financial
market, rendering a roller-coaster ride throughout
the year. The global economic growth showed a sign
of deceleration. Growth of developed economies
like European countries and U.S. became softer
while that of Japan and South Korea reached a
plateau. Although the economic strength of
emerging economies like China and India remained
strong, the pace of trajectory became slower.
However, the recession of Eastern European and
Latin American countries receded.
Though the world has not exited from the low
interest rate era, monetary policies laid down by
different economies became to differ. The Fed
declared the second rate hike in December 2016, a
step closer to achieving the target rate. In contrast,
European countries and Japan advocated negative
rate and accommodative monetary policies. The oil
price rallied after the plummet in early 2016 while
the commodity prices started to pick up in mid-2016.
Dragged by both the A share and international
markets, H shares registered a significant drop in
price in early 2016. The declining trend began to
turn around in February and the rising momentum
kept up for several months up to 24,000. However,
sensitized to a series of uncertainties, the Hang Seng
Index retreated and closed at 22,000, accounting for
a mild rise of 0.4% for 2016.
On 5 December 2016, the Shenzhen-Hong Kong
Stock Connect kicked off, further bolstering the
interconnectivity between the Mainland and Hong
Kong markets. However, as RMB lost strength
whereas regulators took steps to rein in insurance
activities, investors were on the fence and the
investment sentiment remained lukewarm.
Experiencing the nosedive in early 2016, the A share
market gradually restored and oscillated in a narrow
range in mid-2016. At the end of 2016, the CSI300
index was recorded a drop of 12.3% and 19.6%
when compared with that of 2015. On the equity
financing side, the proceeds raised through IPO on
the HKEx totaled HK$194.8 billion, topping the
world for another year.
In the face of capricious and treacherous
macroeconomic landscape and business
environment where challenges abound, Haitong
International’s uprising momentum remained intact,
thanks to its ample capital and comprehensive and
balanced development of business lines. It also
devoted efforts to the development of operations, IT
and risk management essential and instrumental to
its robust growth. The net profit of the Company for
2016 was HK$1.68 billion, serving as the second
highest record. Its aggregate assets steadily picked
up to HK$131.5 billion for the year, accounting for
an increase of 43.1%. During the year, the Group
successfully acquired an Indian subsidiary of Haitong
Securities which served as a springboard to establish
its presence in India, a major emerging market in
Asia, which took up 8.05% of MSCI Emerging Index
with an annual GDP growth of over 7%. Therefore,
the acquisition signifies a new opportunity for
Haitong International to lift up its overall
competitiveness in the Asia-Pacific area.
PROSPECT
Looking forward, in 2017, the globe will still be
challenge-ridden. Donald Trump’s taking office and
the Brexit process will surely impose impacts on the
market, and China will surely have another year filled
with tests. Nevertheless, 2017 is also an important
year for China to implement the 13th five year plan
as well as welcoming the 19th National Congress of
the Communist Party of China. To adapt to the new
normals of the economic development and the
deepening structural reform of supply side, the
resources allocation is to be perfected whereas the
innovation-driven development will be upheld so as
to boost quality and core competencies, thereby
accomplishing economic prosperity. Meanwhile, as
the general strategy to spur regional boom and the
Belt and Road Initiative are underway, a new batch
of state-planned projects, special funds and PPP 
projects will come forth, demonstrating a healthier
and sounder way for the development of China.
Backed by the progress of China’s reform and the
recovery of other major economies, it is expected
that Hong Kong’s economy will rebound in 2017.
Though global recession and reversal of liquidity are
likely to pose threats that should not be understated,
the financial market is still filled with opportunities in
2017. Thanks to the supply side reform and the
implementation of plan for manufacturing industry,
the A stock market is expected to see a pickup on
the path of general economic recovery in 2017.
Bolstered by favorable factors such as the launch of
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect and inflow of
insurance funds, the H share market is expected to
ride out the adversity in 2017.
Looking forward in 2017, Haitong International will
leverage its balanced presence to unleash its
integrated service competence and capture
opportunities given in the market. Moreover, more
efforts will be put on the information technology and
recruitment of talents to ensure efficient operations
and strict risk management. Our aim is to provide
more professional services for our clients and yield
long-term values for our shareholders. At the same
time, Haitong International will also live up to its
mission of being a company with global strategic
perspective. To this end, it will take advantage of the
Belt and Road initiative and strengthen synergies
among businesses in Hong Kong and China. With a
stronger Asia-Pacific product sale network with
global distribution, Haitong International will
continue to forge ahead along its path of being a
boutique investment banking company in the AsiaPacific
region.
JI Yuguang
Chairman
Hong Kong, 9 March 2017