Maximising Future Opportunities with 
In review of the 2013 performance of the global equities market, after five consecutive years of quantitative easing ( QE ) policy, developed countries outperformed the most.
Above all, the U.S. economy regained its full momentum. With Europe sovereign debt crisis settling in, the European economy welcomed its turning point. Eurozone nations fiscal policies were strengthened. This coupled with the efforts of financial regulators has reignited market confidence, while the abundant amount of capital inflows back into the European continent has led to the surge of the annual rate of return on Europe capital markets. However, the performances across the countries of emerging markets were unsatisfactory, with the exception of the eye-catching performance of Japan market. In general, the Brazil BOVESPA stock index, Turkey ISE National-100 Index, the Shanghai Composite Index and Russia MICEX index fell by 15.5%, 13.3%, 6.7% and 5.6% respectively in 2013. Among BRICS nations, only India and South Africa rose in the stock market, The India Mumbai Sensitive Index rose 8.82% accumulatively in 2013, the South Africa stock market index rose 19.22% accumulatively 
In 2013, the Hong Kong equities market experienced a plunge at the beginning, followed by a rise later of the year, showing signs of recovery. During the first half of 2013, with the negative impacts from the possibility of U.S. Fed s decision on tapering the QE, sudden imposition of deposit tax by Cyprus government and break out of avian flu in China, the Hang Seng Index went down to the lowest 19,426 points of the year in June. In the second half of the year, China announced a series of policies at the Third Plenary Session of 18th National People s Congress, removing political uncertainty and spurring Hong Kong stocks to pick up, with a year-end closing at 23,306 points, up 649 points or +2.9% for the year. The average daily turnover volume of the Hong Kong equities market was HK$62.56 billion, increased by 16% year-on-year ( YoY ). It rebounded to the 2009 levels, but still lagging behind the 2010 and 2011 levels. In terms of the initial public offerings ( IPO ), the scale of IPO issuances increased significantly by 88% YoY. With 6 mega-size IPOs, Hong Kong ranked the second for IPO listing in the global market in 2013, whilst the ranking was the fourth in 2012. According to HKEx s statistics, IPO issuances in Hong Kong rose by 68% YoY, from 62 projects in 2012 to 102 projects in 2013. The aggregate amount of funds raised for IPO issuances in 2013 was HK$166.5 billion, rose by 85% YoY versus just HK$90 billion in 2012. Among the 6 mega IPOs, 5 were H share listings, of which 4 were Mainland financial institutions. It is expected that there will be more IPO listings in Hong Kong from the Mainland financial services industry in 2014.
Despite the fluctuations and challenges in Hong Kong stock market and securities industry in 2013, Haitong International achieved new heights with annual revenue rose by 39.9% YoY to HK$1.65 billion, net profit attributable to shareholders increased significantly by 80.3% YoY to HK$529 million. The Group s return on equity ( ROE ) level kept increasing. The average return on capital increased from 5.9% in 2011 to 9.3% in 2012, and further increased to 12.95% in 2013.
The Group successfully built a fully optimised business structure in 2013 with six business segments including corporate finance, brokerage and margin financing, investment management, fixed income, currency and commodities ( FICC ), structured financing and equity derivatives, which translated into better results performance for the year. Capitalising on securities brokerage and other existing businesses with established advantages, the Group was better positioned to undertake large-scale corporate finance projects, and its asset management scale grew remarkably, with its new capital-based intermediary businesses, namely FICC, structured financing and equity derivatives, developed at a brisk pace, all contributing significantly to the improved results of the Group.

Looking forward to 2014, the U.S. QE taper, structural reform in China, deflation jitters in Eurozone nations and the plight of emerging markets bring uncertainties to the global economy.
Grasping the trend of free-flow capital across the globe will be essential to achieve balanced asset allocation, reduce risk exposure and protect investment income. The free-flow of capital should sustain at a relatively abundant level, although at a slower pace than before, as capital outflow is expected to be triggered by the vulnerable emerging markets. China, the U.S. and Europe will remain attractive for their strong fundamentals and appropriate structural reforms.
The Fed s QE taper is the major event in U.S. economy throughout 2014. Steady recovery in the U.S. housing market, gradual decline in the unemployment rate and constant growth in household consumption prompted the Fed s QE taper. From January 2014, the Fed will be reducing the monthly amount in purchasing asset by US$10 billion every month. The easing policy of QE will be expected to end by the end of 2014. Long-term interest rates are expected to rise steadily, the real estate market will have a soft landing, and household consumption will grow moderately.
Corporate earnings will be in good condition with abundance of cash. With active merger and acquisition opportunities, the growth of corporate investments is expected to accelerate in 2014. Overall speaking, the U.S. economy will continue to recover.
In the second quarter of 2013, the Eurozone finally escaped from recession. However, followed by the end of recession, the region s inflation has been declining, reflecting the risk of deflation in the Eurozone. ECB monetary policy will lead to the economy rebalancing of the Eurozone nations. Economies in Britain, Germany and Nordic countries will continue to heat up, which will help bring up the wealth of their citizens and stimulate consumption, thereby significantly increasing imports from the Southern Europe. Eurozone economy is expected to grow slowly but steadily in 2014.
With the gradual economy recovery in Europe and the U.S., financial crisis turned into the reforming stage, the new growth impetus for recovering global economy requires reform. After three decades of reform, the Chinese government chooses the path of reform and assembles policies, which will have a fundamental impact on China s social economic future for decades. The blueprint of reform brought about by the Third Plenary Session of 18th National People s Congress is expected to provide new impetus to China s future development. China is anticipated to have another splendid decade . In 2014, investments in infrastructure, 4G networks, UHV grid, and environment-related projects will be the main driving forces of economic growth, accompanied by accelerated investment and mild consumption growth.
The Group expects to see the continued volatility in the Hong Kong market in 2014, while significant events such as National People s Congress and Chinese People s Political Consultative Conference will drive short-term market trading, and opportunities coexist with challenges. In 2014, the Group will proactively develop its fee-based businesses and capital-based intermediary businesses, as well as commit to providing better services in its 4 pillars namely talent, risk control, information technology and research. The Group will accelerate its expansion into the overseas market leveraging on its new business base in Singapore, to achieve a sustainable enhancement in performance of the Group. With full confidence, I look forward to the Group s performance in 2014.

Hong Kong, 4 March 2014 