Chairman s Statement I have pleasure to report to the 
The audited profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2014 increased by 20.1% to HK$27.68 billion. Basic earnings per share were HK$3.39, an increase of 20.1%. Total shareholders funds increased by 21.2% to HK$133.33 billion. Net assets per share were HK$16.3, an increase of 20.7% on 2013, and average return on shareholders funds reached 22.8%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK35 cents per share for year 2014.
Hao Jian Min Chairman and Chief Executive Officer The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group. In the past 13 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 39.9% in its net profit. Strong profit growth has been sustained despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector for the past five years. 2015 is expected to be complex and ever- changing as affected by the unfavourable global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. (Na_{L |{). The Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation and is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced growth.
1. BUSINESS REVIEW The global economy remained complicated and fast changing in 2014. There was more favourable economic development in the United States, with improved employment. The Eurozone was stagnant, triggering concerns about a new wave of European debt crisis. Economic development in Japan showed little improvement, even with mega quantitative easing measures; geopolitical problems in the Middle East, Europe and Asia elevated risks in the global economy; a strong dollar coupled with a possible move to increase interest rate led to clear signs of capital outflows from emerging markets, thus increasing the risks of an economic downturn.
Against the background of volatile economic environment and sluggish economic growth abroad, the Chinese Central Government promulgated several measures for stabilising growth, including increased investment in infrastructure, moderately eased monetary policies for liquidity improvement, and a lending rate reduction in November the first in more than two years. China s foreign trade showed no sign of improvement, while the CPI and PPI continued to drop. Weak momentum in the economy resulted in an annual economic growth rate of 7.4%, meeting the target of about 7.5%. The economic slowdown in Europe, the United States and China meant there was only mild economic growth in Hong Kong and Macau.
In the first half of 2014, the slowdown in China s economic growth, the tightening of liquidity and credit due to financial reforms, and the cutthroat sales arising from property businesses facing less favourable financial conditions and attempting to clear inventory, combined to result in a significant shrinkage of both house prices and trading volume, coupled with passive sentiment in the land market. The property sector strengthened gradually in the second half of the year, with notable improvements in sales prices and 
Though facing a market environment encountering pressure from economic downturn and tight liquidity, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its sales and profits in 2014. Turnover increased by about 45.5% to HK$120.00 billion, and net profits increased by 21.7% to HK$28.21 billion for the year. The profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company increased by 20.1% to HK$27.68 billion, with HK$3.85 billion of profit after tax related to the increase in the fair value of the investment property portfolio. The Group hence recorded an increase of 25.6% in its core profit (meaning net profits after deducting net income related to the increase in fair value of the investment properties and non-recurrent net income) to HK$23.83 billion. The Board is pleased to report to shareholders of the Company that the consolidated net profit of the Company increased by more than 20% in each of the past 12 years (2003 2014). Over the past five years (2010 2014), the net profit attributable to shareholders has increased at a compound growth rate of 29.3% per annum, while the average return on shareholders funds 
In 2014, the target for contracted property sales which was set at HK$140 billion at the beginning of the year, was exceeded, setting another record high.
Total property sales (including sales by joint ventures and associates) amounted to HK$140.81 billion, while the corresponding area sold was 9.40 million sq m.
In 2014, as a result of accurate judgment of market changes, strategic and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as the China Overseas Property branding advantage, solid results were achieved in the mainland property development sector, with contracted sales of HK$135.75 billion. Following the market adapting to Hong Kong Government property regulations, the market became active again. Hong Kong and Macau sales for the year amounted to HK$5.06 billion, representing a significant increase of 220% over the previous year.
The turnover of the Group increased by 45.5% to HK$120.00 billion. (If the turnover of the joint ventures attributable to the Group is taken into account, the total increased to HK$128.13 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.5%).
During the year, property development (including by joint ventures) with aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of about 10.77 million sq m was completed. The sales value of these projects, recognised as the Group s turnover in 2014, amounted to HK$99.43 billion.
Furthermore, sales of properties of the Group completed by the end of 2013 were satisfactory, with about 720,000 sq m sold for approximately HK$16.82 billion. Hence, the turnover for property development increased by 47.9% to HK$116.25 billion. The turnover for mainland property development amounted to HK$112.46 billion, representing an increase of 52.9% over the previous year. The turnover for Hong Kong and Macau property development amounted to HK$3.79 billion, a decrease of 25.4%. Mainly due to the substantial increase in turnover, coupled with the fact that the gross profit margin for property development projects held steady at a satisfactory and market-leading level, the operating profit generated by property development business increased by 53.3% to HK$36.10 billion (with the mainland contributing 
Jinan China Overseas Plaza, Beijing China Overseas Building, Chengdu China Overseas International Center and Shenyang China Overseas Plaza were completed during the year, adding about 540,000 sq m of completed investment properties to the Group, for a total of 1.14 million sq m in Hong Kong, Macau and the mainland as at the end of 2014. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$1.18 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 38.2%; profit for the segment amounted to HK$6.03 billion, which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$5.17 billion (net fair value gain after deferred tax is HK$3.85 billion).

During the year, the Group continued to follow the land market closely and make rational decisions on land acquisitions. From the second quarter, in response to the property market changes, it began to slow its pace of replenishing its land reserve. A total of 17 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (excluding China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited COGO ) in 13 cities in mainland China, including Zhengzhou and Taiyuan, which are new locations for the Group. These land parcels provided an aggregate GFA of 9.04 million sq m (with interest attributable to the Group of 8.60 million sq m).
In 2014, COGO acquired four land parcels in four mainland cities, and added GFA of 2.70 million sq m to its land reserve.
As at 31 December 2014, the Group had a total land reserve of about 37.35 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of about 34.96 million sq m) in 31 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau; COGO had a total land reserve of 12.07 million sq m (attributable interest of 11.37 million sq m).

Adhering to prudent financial management, the Group continued to enhance financial resources and optimise its debt structure. Leveraging its leading position in the property market and good credit, the Group successfully launched several major offshore and onshore fund raising exercises during the year. A total of US$2.0 billion was raised in May and June through two bond issuances; in a first for the Group, RMB3.85 billion in bank loans was secured during the first half of the year, capitalising on terms more favourable than onshore; in the fourth quarter, the Group s largest loan to date, amounting to HK$14 billion, was raised in Hong Kong by way of a club deal with 13 banks, in addition to raising HK$4.5 billion through unilateral loan arrangements; the Group in mainland China, raised RMB4.44 billion in 2014 mainly to pay off matured bank loans. The Group drew down HK$26.46 billion in 2014. After deducting the repayment of matured bank loans due, the net amount utilised for operations for the year was HK$21.82 billion. A cash inflow from sales of about HK$102.09 billion was recorded for the year; and together with the net amount raised by financing and the net cash inflow of HK$5.7 billion from joint ventures, the Group had sufficient funds to meet its requirements, including major expenditures of HK$51.31 billion for land premiums, HK$41.31 billion for construction costs, and HK$24.33 billion for tax, sales and distribution, administrative and finance expenses.
As at the end of the year, outstanding loans and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$46.35 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to HK$17.00 billion) and about HK$48.18 billion (US$6.25 billion) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$51.28 billion (not including cash held by joint ventures, amounting to approximately HK$6.8 billion); and the net gearing of the Group had slightly increased from 28.4% at the end of 2013 to about 32.4%, a very healthy level taking into consideration the substantial increase in sale proceeds collection during the fourth quarter. The shareholders funds of the Company increased from HK$109.97 billion at the end of the previous year to HK$133.33 billion. Hence, the Group s financial strength is significantly improved.

The Group continues to expand its operations and enter new cities. Talent at all levels is always in great demand. Staff recruited through the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have become an important element in supporting the Group s sustainable and stable development.

The Board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus, the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over the past few years, the Group has actively enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and 
Corporate Social Responsibility The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well- regulated, formal and branded system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community services.
The second corporate social responsibility report, focusing on the efforts and achievements of the Group in this respect, was published during the year. The Company is again a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

The Company was rated number one among The Top 50 China Real Estate Enterprises by Brand Value .
China Overseas Property ( -Nwm0W"u ) was acknowledged among the Leading Brands of China Real Estate Companies for the eleventh consecutive year, ranking first in the property sector with a brand value of RMB34.25 billion. For 11 years in a row, leveraging its excellent performance, the Company has been voted the number one China Blue Chip Real Estate developer. In 2014, China Overseas Property projects, are as usual, well recognised for their excellence in quality, design and management on many occasions.

It is expected that the various stimulus measures launched by developed European countries and Japan will remain in place in 2015 with possible boosts to these measures. Both economic growth and employment are improving in the United States, while global economic growth remains sluggish. The strong US dollar coupled with a possible move to increase interest rate will intensify volatility in global financial markets, while the threat of asset bubbles in emerging markets persists. For most enterprises, 2015 will remain challenging. The Group will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by any changes in the international economic environment, and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
In order to keep the economy on a healthy, balanced and sustainable track, and following the strategy of combating risks, stabilising growth and moving ahead with structural reform, the Chinese government is expected to adopt a prudent financial policy and a relatively eased monetary policy, with measures such as reduction in the lending rate and required reserve ratio, so as to improve liquidity and reduce corporate finance costs. Also, the slowdown in economic growth in China may add uncertainty to the global 
Through facing a tough market environment, the Group achieved an outstanding performance in 2014, amply demonstrating its excellent operational capabilities and brand advantages. The Group is prudently optimistic about the mainland China property market in 2015. It is expected that property liquidity will improve, as the government may ease property regulations. The China property market is expected to remain stable in 2015, and the industry overall presents both challenges and opportunities.
The Group will take full advantage of its sound financial structure and diverse financing channels to actively increase financial resources and seize investment opportunities, including by acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels.
While maintaining suitable precautions against risk, the Group will actively seek market opportunities to ensure sustainable growth, increase its market share and consolidate its leading status in the 
Property developers in Hong Kong and Macau have adapted to the regulatory measures implemented by the government, and market trading has become active. However, the impact of the Hong Kong government s recently introduced mortgage-tightening measures is yet to be ascertained. The Group will still seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group holds to its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{ L |{). It strictly adheres to its undertakings, conducts business with complete integrity, and seeks progress amid stability (iz-NBl2). It is not easy to maintain sustainable growth with the scale of sales and turnover, which both exceed HK$100 billion every year. The Group firmly follows the operating philosophy of A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care (|0}O TLr}q) in order to reinforce the elite image of China Overseas Property products in the middle to high-end segment. The Group tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each stands out and sets the benchmark for high-end products in its vicinity. The brand reflects the culture of an organisation, and in the case of the Company, this includes the pursuit of high-quality products by China Overseas Property and the mission of providing products with values beyond their monetary costs through continuous innovation. Therefore, enhancement of product quality and branding can effectively mitigate the pressure on lowering home selling prices, and reduce marketing costs. By operating under such a highly regarded brand, the Group can earn higher profits than its peers, which facilitates the Group s pursuit of its long-term goal of becoming an evergreen enterprise.
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and appropriately control the pace of its project development and sales. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets, and ensure sustainable growth in its operations scale and profitability. Also taking into account the market situation, it is planned that in 2015, the Group will commence development of an additional GFA of more than 13 million sq m, bringing the total area under development to a peak level of 30 million sq m; the Group also aims to complete projects with GFA of 12 million sq m (including joint ventures), and achieve contracted sales of not less than HK$168 billion (include joint ventures 
The Group will capitalise on the strength of the synergy generated by the highly respected China Overseas Property brand in the high-end sector of the mainland China property market, to ensure successful sales of the projects in Hong Kong and Macau.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element, and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance the allocation of resources for long-term and short-term investment, and gradually increase its weighting on investment property in order to obtain stable long-term returns and enhance its capability to balance market risk. In the long term, the Group will work towards securing over 20% of total profits from investment property. Currently, the total area of commercial property under development or yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 3.8 million sq m. Over 50% of this area will be completed by the end of 2017.

The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead.
Taking into account its financial situation, the Group will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and seize opportunities arising from market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve, to resolutely execute its prudent land policies. It is planned that the replenishment of the Group s land reserve will be not less than 10 million sq m in GFA in 2015.
By the end of February 2015, the Group had in 2015 acquired two parcels of land in two mainland cities with a total GFA of 1.63 million sq m, while COGO did not acquire any land parcel in the first two months 
The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint ventures and mergers and acquisitions. At the end of 2014, the amount invested by the Group in the joint ventures had been reduced from the peak of over HK$20 billion to HK$8.98 billion. The profit contribution from joint ventures in 2014 was accordingly reduced by 62.5% to HK$1.10 billion. COGO is an associate of the Group that focuses on third-tier mainland cities and is expected to effectively complementing the business of China Overseas Property. In 2014, COGO recorded sales of HK$18.06 billion, turnover of HK$13.98 billion, and a net profit of HK$1.45 billion. The Group shared a net profit of about 
On 5 August 2013, the Company announced the intention of the controlling shareholder, China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited ( CSCECL ), to inject certain China property businesses into the Group. Subsequently, on 28 January 2014, the Company announced the transitional arrangements for the operation and management of the businesses to be injected would be entrusted to the Company. The Board is pleased to announce that negotiation with CSCECL on the implementation of the asset injection has been completed. Please refer to the announcement dated 24 March 2015 on the acquisition by the Group of property portfolio from CSCECL and its subsidiaries and issue of the Company s shares to China Overseas Holdings Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of CSCECL and the immediate holding company of the 
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management and will increase the speed with which it collects proceeds from sales. The Group will tightly control its sales and marketing, administration and financial expenses and stick firmly to the principle of Cash is king. Receipts determine payments (sps N6e[e). As the Group has as much as HK$22.54 billion in bank loans due in 2015, with HK$17.35 billion in loans in Hong Kong due before the end of May, we have made early refinancing arrangements totalling HK$18.5 billion for such loans in the fourth quarter. The Group will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international and Hong Kong financial markets. To safeguard capacity, and hence ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business development, the Group will speed up asset turnover, improve its debt structure, and enhance its ability to protect 
The Board is confident regarding the Group s prospects and capabilities. In the past 13 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 39.9% in its net profits. Despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector, the Group has overcome obstacles, maintained sustainable development and exceeded operational targets, and still achieved compound annual growth of 29.3% in its net profit for the past five years, demonstrating its strength and brand advantage. The coming year, 2015, is expected to be complex and ever-changing, due to the unfavourable global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. (Na_{L |{). With its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation. The Group is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced growth.

The Group continues to endeavour to develop into an evergreen enterprise. The Group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, motivation for staff, and a good working atmosphere. The Group is committed to aligning individual success with the core values of the long-term development of the Group by upholding integrity, creativity, pragmatism, and perfection. The ultimate goal is an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff and the community.

Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express my appreciation to the management team and other staff members of the Group for their dedication and hard work, and to my fellow directors for their advice and 
