For the year ended 31 December 2011, the loss attributable to owners of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) was HK$494,746,000, representing an increase over the previous year. The increase in loss was mainly due to different reasons for further losses to various extents recorded by the Group s three core businesses of property development; culture and media; and corporate IT application services.
I. PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT The Peninsula Project In 2011, governments at different levels across China stepped up further measures to curb the property market. During the year, trading record of new properties in Shenzhen hit a new low.
According to the data for 2011 released by the Shenzhen Land Planning Department, the transaction volume of new properties in Shenzhen was approximately 2.7169 million sq.m., representing a decrease of 13.2% as compared to that in 2010, that could be the worst downside since 2001. Therefore, the sales of the remaining properties in Phase 2 of The Peninsula was affected to a certain extent.
In order to increase the proportion of seafront properties which usually have higher price tags, modification of land planning is still in progress. To go with the overall development, the planning for educational facilities has to undergo some alterations, and related application has been submitted to relevant authorities for approval. At this stage, the Group are not able to predict when will the final approval be obtained. The above arrangements have again affected the progress of planning modification, the development of Phase 3 is expected to commence by the end of 2012.
In 2011, Shenzhen International Marina Club, being the ancillary facility of The Peninsula , made significant progress. Based on the approval in respect of the planning proposal of Marina Club granted in 2010, all necessary technical verifications have been completed as scheduled. Application for the rights of sea area use has been formally made, and approval is expected to be granted in the first half of 2012. The Marina Club will further accentuate the high-end image of The Peninsula and may have positive effect on the sales of Phase 3.
Shenzhen-Hong Kong Modern Service Industry Cooperation Zone in Qianhai Area, currently the only city with independent budgetary status in China, has been rolled out. China Merchants Group s RMB60 Billion for New Shekou project is also under construction. The Group believe that The Peninsula in the region shall have even more 
Guangzhou Free Man Garden Project Seven residential blocks and a community centre of Guangzhou Free Man Garden (formerly known as the Free City ) project have been topped out. The basement construction for the remaining phase of residential blocks and the central park have been completed. The project is ready for sale which is expected to take place in the first half of 2012.
II. CULTURE AND MEDIA As regards culture and media sector, the Company via a chain of subsidiaries namely Dadi has focused on the development of cinema construction business by having cinema network as the core business since 2006. As at the end of 2011, Dadi has already completed its infrastructure covering such business segments as cinema investment and operations, film distribution and on-line ticketing, and all such segments will soon move on to the track of rapid development.
Meanwhile, the management has reviewed and rationalized the mission, development direction and strategy as well as the 5-year business track record of Dadi before finalizing the strategic plans and development objectives for the next five years, thereby laying a solid foundation for the fast and healthy development over the mid to long term.
However, the relatively high preliminary expenses attributable to various business segments of the industry chain gave rise to an increase in loss as a 
In 2012, Dadi will continue to enlarge the investment scale in cinema construction, and to maintain high growth in the number of cinemas and screens.
Meanwhile, Dadi will also continue to optimize its cost structure and enhance operating efficiency, for placing itself on a growth trend of profitability.
As the Group s media business operated by Duowei is still at its infancy, the Group do not believe that it is likely to record impressive results in the near future even committing more resources and time to it.
Therefore, the Group disposed of this business in 
III. CORPORATE IT APPLICATION 
The Group are engaged in the provision of corporate IT application services through Sino-i. The Group strive to assist the small and medium enterprises in China in developing e-commerce business and materializing effective information management with the aid of internet-based infrastructure services and e-commerce application services.
In 2011, Sino-i recorded growth in overall income.
On the aspect of product development, Sino-i launched an operating system for B2C online trading, thereby consolidating its leading position in the e-commerce application services market. On the aspect of sales and marketing channel, a large scale expansion of branch network was taken, thereby consolidating its existing competitive strength.
However, additional costs attributable to new products launching, technological infrastructure innovation and expansion of branch network together with the investment loss on disposal of certain subsidiaries have deepened the loss over 
To optimize operation structure from fundamental, Sino-i has made substantial adjustment since the fourth quarter by disposing of its loss-making non- core operations, financial information services and distance learning education services, and only its corporate IT application services are retained.
Therefore, Sino-i can focus its resources on its 
In addition, on core businesses, Sino-i has also made substantial streamlining and integration by concentrating its diversified resources and efforts on its subsidiaries, namely -NORRybN gPlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ), e}OobS gPlQS (Xinnet Information Technology Co., Ltd.) and SN-NORR JT gPlQS (Beijing CE Dongli Advertising Company Limited), and disposing of other non-core businesses. The Group expect such optimization measures to take effect in 2012.
Currently, in light of the increasingly mature internet-based infrastructure in China, the e-commerce market has come to a turning point.
The dedicated area of Sino-i demonstrates a promising prospect and immense potential. In 2012, Sino-i will continue to deepen reform and improve overall operating efficiency in the hope of materializing fundamental improvement to its 
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to the board of directors (the Board ), executive committee and all staff for their dedication and contribution, and also to the shareholders for their concern and support to the Group.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2012 
