CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT For the year ended 31 December 2010, the net loss attributable to owners of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) was HK$381,573,000. The overall performance was not satisfactory. There are two factors leading to the above: Firstly, austerity measures in China have a great impact on the property market which is the core business of the Group. As a result, the project development progress was delayed and hence failed to meet the sales expectation. Secondly, the IT business division of the Company s listed subsidiary, Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ), remained in a loss-suffering position because Sino-i kept on following its strategies of continued investment in technologies and R&D, and such investment has not yet generated its returns from the market.
However, from another perspective, the China property market still has good business potentiality. As for the IT business, especially e-commerce market, is undergoing a structural change and gradually moving to maturity, therefore, both property development business and IT business of the Group have good 
Meanwhile, in recent years, the relevant business in the film industry continuously invested and promoted by Dadi Media (HK) Limited ( Dadi ) a subsidiary of the Company, is gradually being established and is on the track for rapid development, which will be the third largest core business of the Group besides property development and IT business.
I. PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT The Peninsula Project In 2010, various levels of the Chinese government reinforced its controls over the property market. As a result, there was a greater change in the transaction volume of properties in Shenzhen in the same year. The data from the Shenzhen Land Planning Department shows that, the transaction volume of new premises in Shenzhen was approximately 3.21 million sq.m. in 2010, representing a decrease of 50.62% as compared to that in 2009, which was the lowest record since 2001.
In order to increase the portion of the coastal premises with panoramic views which usually command a higher selling price, the Group has altered the land planning.
The overall alteration progress has been affected due to a change of the planning of educational facilities.
The development of Phase 3 originally scheduled to be launched in April 2010 has to be postponed to 2011.
However, as higher revenue is expected to be brought by such alteration, the Group is willing to invest more time.
In 2010, remarkable progress was achieved for Shenzhen International Marina Club project which would enrich the attractiveness of The Peninsula . The proposal for the development and planning of Marina Club has been approved by the government authorities, and the relevant procedures are expected to be completed in the first half of 2011. By then, about 600 berths will be in service. The project will play an important role in promoting the sales of the remaining phases of The Peninsula project in the 
Following the official roll-out of Shenzhen-Hong Kong modern service industry cooperation zone in Qianhai, which is the only designated urban area by the Chinese government, and the full implementation of the RMB60 Billion for New Shekou project by the China Merchants Group, the Group believes that The Peninsula , which is located in Shekou and adjacent to Qianhai s central area, will enjoy more and better opportunities.
Guangzhou Free City Project Piling foundation works and central garden land-filling works of the Guangzhou Free City project have been completed. Phase 1 of the project is expected to be available for sale in about August 2011.
In 2010, Guangzhou has become the third city with GDP of over RMB1 trillion in China, among which Huadu automobile industry has accounted for over RMB100 billion. As approved by the State Council, an Airport Comprehensive Free Trade Zone is to be set up within the airport economic zone at Huadu, which would become the third and the largest one in China. It is expected to bring business opportunities which will be worth hundred billions of RMB. Meanwhile, after hosting the Guangzhou Asian Games, the government s city management level has been greatly enhanced and the spending concept of Guangzhou citizens has evolved rapidly. All these factors have led the Group to having full confidence in the prospects of the Guangzhou Free City project.
II. CULTURE AND MEDIA In 2010, the Chinese film industry continued its strong growing trend. According to the 2011t=@ q_@e#l?z extracted from www.sina.com.cn , the nation s film box office was RMB10.172 billion, representing an increase of 63.9% over 2009. During 2010, there was a nationwide increase of 313 cinemas and of 1,533 screens. For the year ended 31 December 2010, there were 2,000 cinemas and 6,256 screens in total in China. It demonstrates that cinema digitization has become a popular trend.
The Group has formally entered the film distribution division in 2010. Throughout the year, the Group has released six films with an aggregate box office of approximately RMB140 million. A professional and experienced film distribution and promotion team, possessing the capability to distribute big-budget movies independently nationwide, has been established in this 
In 2010, www.hipiao.com , a professional film website having the function of online ticketing as well as mobile ticketing with seat selection has been officially launched.
For the year ended 31 December 2010, it has provided online ticketing service for 67 Dadi digital cinemas, and has developed a pool of about 480,000 paid members, signifying a strong development trend.
In 2010, 'Y 0W hf f y b |v US N g P lQ S (Dadi Oristar Technology Development (Beijing) Co., Ltd.) ( Dadi Oristar ) continued to conduct R&D activities in digital film technology of which the Theatre Management System began to shift from the protocol stage to product development. It is expected that the system will obtain the DCI (Digital Cinema Initiatives) accreditation in 2011.
As for the news and information services division, the Group s publications and media, Duowei Times , DW Life Weekly magazine and www.duowei.com website, not only had charges in their layouts but also comprehensive changes in various areas including product form, management mode and business model etc.. It is planned that the distribution sites and circulation will be gradually expanded in the USA.
III. SINO-I RELATED BUSINESS Sino-i, a listed subsidiary of the Company, is mainly engaged in corporate IT application services. At the same time, it also carries on financial information services and distance learning education services.
In the corporate IT application services division, Sino-i strongly believes that e-commerce is the key to achieving informatization for enterprises, having unlimited room for development. It has been committed to making continuous large investment in R&D of the related products and technologies. Recently, e-commerce market in China has emerged new and prominent changes which indicate that e-commerce has been in a stage of substantial application 
In 2010, two main subsidiaries of Sino-i, -NORRyb N gPlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ) and SNe}xexOobS gPlQS (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited) ( Xinnet ), whose relevant businesses have achieved a greater growth. Resulting from an improved product mix, both revenue and gross profit margin have improved significantly. Meanwhile, Sino-i has continuously made heavy investments in technology R&D, which in turn has achieved significant progress in key technology areas such as cloud computing and virtualization. Further improvements have also been made through user experience and integrated application, which in turn would enhance the competitiveness of the products and services.
Due to the heavy cost in technology R&D, the corporate IT application services business will inevitably remain in a temporarily loss-suffering position before having its profit.
In addition, SNN WOo gPlQS (Beijing Shihua International Financial Information Company Limited) ( Shihua ), which engages in financial information services business, a subsidiary of Sino-i, was loss-suffering throughout 2010. The increase in the number of training programmes in accounting and rapid growth of the number of members for SNY'Y0W zYe}a} gR gPlQS (Beijing Chinese Dadi Distance Education Company Limited) ( Chinese Dadi ), which engages in distance learning education services, have realized a turnaround.

Over the past year, the Group has further improved the corporate governance structure and established a more efficient operations and management decision mechanism, making significant decisions more standardized and systematic. In respect of team-building, the Group highly emphasizes on recruitment and fostering human capital, and has recruited a considerable number of high calibre personnel, that has also strengthened the management team. Meanwhile, the Group has also established and optimized the communication mechanism for cross- business divisions and cross-departments, facilitating the communication and coordination, and hence enhancing the synergy among the subsidiaries of the Company.
Over the years, the Group has always adhered to its inherit development strategies in its major business divisions, and has accumulated a great deal in respect to its core capability, resources and team-building. The Group has made prospective planning and deployment for facilitating cross-boundary development in 2011. Facing the complicated environment and challenges, the Group is confident with the joint efforts by all staff, well grasping of opportunities and risk management, such that a stable growth can be maintained in property development division; a rapid increase can be achieved in the culture and media division; and a significant breakthrough in self- developed products can be accomplished in the IT division, which in turn create a greater value for the shareholders.
Finally, I hereby express my gratitude to the board of directors (the Board ), executive committee and all staffs for their dedication and devotion, and also to the shareholders for their concern and support to the Group.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 25 March 2011 