Chairman s Statement In 2007, under the progressive and effective development strategies, the Company achieved stable advancement, and its multi-tier core business network emerged its effectiveness; business structure was more professional, flexible and sound; and asset scale expanded positively, therefore, shareholders interests were further enhanced. For further focusing on the respective core businesses of the Company and Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ), the listed subsidiary, making them to spend their efforts in full development in their respective business sectors, the Company acquired Sino-i s entire interest in Guangzhou project at the end of 2007.
With respect to the property sector, the Company progressively enhanced the brand name operations, and planning and design; and strengthened up the quality. The Company broke through its steady growth rate by achieving prominent growth by means of its long-term macro planning, creative brand name promotion and strong market experience. The overall business has gradually been moving to the peak period of return, and the Company s status in the property sector has further been ascertained.
Meanwhile, Sino-i carried out timely strategic adjustments, enabling Sino-i to achieve steady development in corporate IT application service, financial information service, distance learning education service and culture and media service sectors; to implement the overall change in customer strategies; to increase investment in research and development ( R&D ); and to enhance the control ability in managing future profit ratio. Sino-i completed its overall re-engineering in various businesses by focusing on servicing, which led to an overall increment in average individual achievement. Basing on its competitive advantage in network and digital technologies, Sino-i developed an integrated new media platform for providing customers TV programme, music, games, e-commerce, education and financial management, and it attempted to enter to the film industry in full force.
The Company progressively complied with the enactment and enforcement of new labour laws, and rationally admitted the fact of prominent increase in the labour costs. Such new laws would establish a standardized labour market, which would be beneficial to the Company.
I. PROPERTY INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT 1. Industry Overview In view of 2007, such factors as the unchanged rapid macro-economic growth; speeding up in city modernization; inflation of Renminbi, and strong demand for improvement in living environment were still in subsistence. Notwithstanding the property sector is facing to the short-term pressure from the modifications of national policies, and upgraded consumption structure derived from the accumulated wealth making the demand for properties remained very strong. Resulting from the modifications of the macro-economic policies, rapid development status in property sector remained unchanged but it was back to a rational stage. The property sector entered to a market structural modification period, making those medium to small size real estate developers to face certain risks, and providing those well-known developers better opportunities.
In the past year, the most important achievement from the government modification and control policies was to establish a segregation control measures i.e. by segregating the needy families demands for securing urban dwellings from the general residence market, as a result, those higher income groups with higher consumption power can fulfill their residences, expenditures and investments in residential properties by means of general property market mechanisms. The implementation of a series of new property policies was not only making the property market to become rational again but also beneficial to prolong the market prosperity and to continue a long-term prospective trend.
Following the effectiveness of macro-economic policies, it is expected that economic condition in China will still in high level in 2008. Given a continuous long period of macro-economic prosperity, and upgraded consumption structure will continue to strongly encourage consumption. The growth rate in consumption goods market will remain at a high level in China in 2008. In addition, Beijing Olympic Games are expected to generate an impetus of Olympic Prosperity to the domestic sales market. The impetus of Guangzhou 2010 Asian Games and 2011 International University Sports in Shenzhen to the economy and sales market are also expected.
In the years to come, the high return products in the property market in China will focus on providing those high worthiness and better quality ecology residential units for the medium to high income level in those medium and large cities. Such market phenomena closely match with the locations, customer positioning and marketing strategies of Company s property projects. Despite the effectiveness of the government s segregation control measures controlling the prices of properties, and making the prices of properties to become rational. Resulting from the two main factors of shortage supply of premium urban land sites where the Company s property projects are being located, and continuous demand for middle and high level property, it is expected that the Company s property projects will still be in its 
2. Project Overview In the past year, the Company used professional marketing strategies, comprehensively developed a property flagship project The Peninsula which is located at Shekou, Shenzhen.
Comprehensive construction works of the second phase started in February 2007, and the works are currently in progress as scheduled. The second phase will provide residential units having about the saleable area of about 199,050 sq.m., which will be launched in the second half of 2008. In the year under review, the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Western Corridor linking up Shekou and the New Territories has been in service, making the basic facilities in the area where the project is located further improved. In 2007, prices of residential units in Shenzhen increased substantially by comparing with those in 2006. The Company expects that the market will have higher expectation on both the qualities and services of those newly launched properties subsequent to the sharp increment in prices. In order to achieve market recognition, the selling price and value of those newly launched properties should correspond with each other. Aiming at providing worthy properties, the Company comprehensively upgraded the overall qualities of its property project in the past year by conducting substantial improvements in brand name operations, planning and design, materials used, suggestion of living style and property management services, which made The Peninsula to become the focus of attention in the middle to high level property market in Shenzhen. Given the project has the advantage of shortage supply of premium land site; substantial increment in value of the first phase; and confirmation of tall building of apartment design for the second phase, making the design of layout of the project matching with the market requirements, together with the Company s Shenzhen International Marina Club; the Greater China headquarters of British Sub Aqua Club; and Shenzhen training centre for windsurfing which are in the close vicinity of The Peninsula , the overall value of the second phase should be increased substantially, and the Company has full confidence in both the sale of and return from the 
The Peninsula consists of five phases in total, having total gross floor area of over 1 million sq.m. The whole project will provide over 7,000 residential units in total, and will become the new landmark of Shenzhen property market. Being one of the three largest commercial residential development projects, The Peninsula has not only achieved new breakthrough in Shenzhen property sales but also set a new benchmark for future property development. The Company s intensive experience in strategic management, operation management, professional skills and market promotion had all been proven in the year of review. The popularity of brand name and accreditation had further increased, the Company s overall development abilities had been well recognized by the market.
The Company has another residential project having total gross floor area of 1.1 million sq.m. which is located in the vicinity of Guangzhou New Baiyun Airport, and will be developed to a mega-size international modern, ecology and residential community. Due to planning delay, the construction works of the first phase having a total area of about 200,000 sq.m. will start in 2008. All pre-construction works are in progress. The project is located in the economic zone of Guangdong Province s key construction project Huanan Logistic Base which is the centre of Guangdong s new economic growth. The project has been incorporated into the Guangzhou municipal development planning, which will become a landmark, new creation and ecological complex in new downtown of Guangzhou. In 2007, the overall property prices in Guangzhou experienced a sharp growth due to the shortage supply of traditional urban areas for residential developments. Huadu district is the place where the project is located has become the latest focus of attention property development area in Guangzhou, and the property prices there have increased substantially. As a result, the Company has full confidence that the project will become the focus of attention in southern China property market, and will continue to generate substantial return on investment.

Given the long-term prospective development trend of the property market in China, the Company s development prosperity is expected. The Company aims at speeding up the development of both Shenzhen project The Peninsula and Guangzhou project this year, as a result, the Company s sales revenue will be in a peak period. Meanwhile, the Company s management focuses on expanding the number of development projects for speeding up the completion of strategic arrangement for the property market in China, and for maintaining stable and strong revenue that the Company has in the property development in China.
II. SHAREHOLDING BUSINESS OVERVIEW 1. IT Sector Corporate IT Application Services Having nine years of development, the Company has, through Sino-i s subsidiaries of CE Dongli Technology Group Company Limited ( CE Dongli ) and SNe}xexOobS gPlQS (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited) ( Xinnet ), established a practical commercial network and a distribution system with over 10,000 agents covering major cities nationwide; affirmed its leading marketing position in corporate information application service sector; and well kept a steady growth in IT application service business. CE Dongli has firmly kept on its application service development direction; continuing development of practical business network; and strengthening the accumulated strategies in technologies and products, and has become one of the five largest corporations in IT sub-contracting service market in China. CE Dongli s standing was just behind IBM, and in the same standing as such multinational companies as HP, CSC and EDS. As per IDC report, CE Dongli has been ranked the sixth largest corporation in IT services industry in China.
Basing on modifications and developments in 2007, development directions were more precise and affirmed. 2008 will be the year for CE Dongli s continuing its re-organization; by going deep into the requirements of the SME IT market; timely modifying product and service strategies; completing internal organizational development; continuing to expand business abilities and to modify customer strategies; increasing customer value; and driving CE Dongli to the vertical diversion of IT operation, CE Dongli will be a specialist in IT operations practically suitable for corporation development in China.
Xinnet will base on its current products and services, deep digging up the related value-added services, and planning to launch such new services as network database management. By using experience gained in the past several years, Xinnet has identified the future development trends and opportunities in network market, and started to have its achievements in such related sectors.
Office Software Products SN}e-NeNNbS gPlQS (Beijing Redflag Chinese 2000 Software Technology Company Limited) ( Redflag 2000 ) was one of the first lot of corporations in China starting to use international software standards, and its product namely RedOffice entirely complied with international standards of open document format (ODF). By having such advantages as superb practicability and compatibility; distinguished product worthiness; reliable information security; and enriched second time of development in functionality and cross-platform applications, Redflag 2000 has created a new situation in office applications sector in China. Office software products of Redflag 2000 are the relay batons succeeding Sino-i to continuously drive SME IT applications by means of e-commerce, and drive the progression of usage of corporate information, which is a core part of Sino-i s development blueprint of corporate information in China.
RedOffice office application was the only office application awarded Recommended Excellent Software Product of the Year by China Software Industry Association for three consecutive years; was the only office application listed by four government departments in China as National Focus New Product ; was the only office application listed by the Ministry of Science and Technology as a project under National Torch Scheme in 2005; and was supported by various funds at national level as it successfully completed such national level R&D plans as 863 project etc. and other projects at provincial and municipal levels for several times. Meanwhile, Redflag 2000 was one of the corporations qualified in the innovative software billboard in China; was the first office application manufacturer having the highest recognition from China Software Testing Centre, and having national verification of GB18030A+; and was the first corporation successfully launched cross-platform office application basing on Windows and Linux operation systems. Recently, Redflag 2000 represented China to obtain the host title for 2008 annual conference of OpenOffice.org ( OOo ). OOo is the largest community of open source, its office application is the leading product following Microsoft, and is the first time having its annual conference to be taken place outside Europe. The success in obtaining the host title has affirmed Redflag 2000 s important status in international open source.
2. Culture sector Financial Information Services Facing to the market where information relating to investment is insufficient, every financial institute has started to weigh heavily on real time professional information analysis; and the advantages of self- made contents and the content differentiations. Emergence of fund corporations has made intelligent financial management becoming a direction, enhancing the recognition of the financial information products by the market. Sino-i s subsidiary, SNN WOo gPlQS (Beijing Shihua International Financial Information Company Limited) ( Shihua ) has got its professional advantage from its financial information market development over the past years. By continuous reinforcement in I-cube dual screen product series and in Integrated Financing , a comprehensive information service platform, Shihua continuously guides domestic Chinese financial information to professional and international standards.
By using its website namely caixun.com , Shihua has extended its advantage from professional market to mass market, and initially widened its recognition in the mass market.
Shihua being an information service provider having a foothold in development of professional information and analysis, will continue its foresight strategy and advantage of long-term investment; grasp the prevailing industry development trend; continuously nourish the market; firmly use the information requirements of the users as the core for designing standards; use innovative technologies; and research and develop professional information service platform with such functions as multi-markets, cross-platforms and consolidated analysis.
Distance Learning Education Services For providing a superior, profound and professional learning gateway, Sino-i s subsidiary, SNY'Y0W zYe}a} gR gPlQS (Beijing Chinese Dadi Distance Education Company Limited) ( Chinese Dadi ) comprehensively adjusted its strategies in 2007 by means of strengthening up the continuity of learning products; sound product structure for Internet courses; integrity learning supporting service system; development of advanced product service format etc.; and overall emphasize on student enrollment on Internet and Internet learning, whose website became the students most favourite website in that sector. Meanwhile, Chinese Dadi cooperated with national examination associations to develop 3-dimensional teaching materials for Internet courses; established in- depth cooperation relationships with education administration departments in over twenty provinces and major cities, and with a number of colleges in China; researched and developed product service format for high-end users; and raised the education qualities substantially, all of which were deeply appraised by 
In 2008, Chinese Dadi will continue its development basing on the aforesaid fundamentals, further strengthen up its characters in the Internet market, fully utilize its resources and advantages to develop new businesses, and make it as the first stop of continuing education in China satisfying such demands from Internet users as lingual learning; management upgrading; and certification course of studies.
Culture and Media Services Having the support from the strong technical team, Sino-i has achieved many advancements in the sector of digital multi-media technology, including the HD digital projection server with dual-loop security certification which was jointly developed with the Peking University, and would very likely be the first advanced projection equipment in China verified by DCI (Digital Cinema Initiatives). Meanwhile, having grasped the chance of CEPA (Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement), companies for film production, distribution and investment have been established, and cinema construction and operations, and film distribution businesses have started on, which all provide resource support for Sino-i entering to digital film operation services in full scale. Sino-i also used thin streaming media server cluster, DRM (Digital Rights Management) server and large capacity distributed technology based on modified P2P (peer-to-peer) model to make family oriented HD video-on-demand solutions.
Having the support of accumulated experience and operation strength, Sino-i fully started website strategies in different sectors. Resulting from the continuous market development and content servicing, the recent total PV (page view) times have reached ten million a day. The Company believes that it will achieve a rapid advance breakthrough in 2008, and will be a main force in network media sector.
III. MANAGEMENT EXPANSION STRATEGY In order to effectively achieve structural development, widely develop core businesses in various business sectors, comprehensively integrate industry resources, mergers and acquisitions are the key strategies for expansion which achieved immense success.
In the past year, the Company, basing on the core business network and management style, progressively and efficiently conducted adjustments, and business re-arrangements and integrations. The Company also used its endeavours to strengthen modernization of management in such areas as resources, manpower, technological innovation no matter in property sector or IT and culture and media sectors; to emphasize the importance of management by objectives; to further improve budgetary control mechanism; and to enhance corporate governance continuously, for providing a good foundation for the Company s comprehensive developments.
In the future, in order to capture the growing trend of property business, the Company will, basing on foundation of moving forward steadily, strengthen its brand name strategy; continue to place emphasis on land bank; increase resource reserves, for gradually achieving the Company s strategic development objectives. In the IT and culture and media sectors, the Company will fully integrate corporate resources, for achieving effective resources integration, and will rely on the advantages of advanced technologies and operations, and use the sound business networks and upgraded customer strategies, for rapidly achieving market share and gradually becoming a leading force in the market.

It is undoubted that the economy in China has been growing steadily. Strong development potentials will definitely drive the Company s various core businesses in different sectors to continuously move forward. The property market bears the character of continuing development, which provides a large space for the Company.
Demands for residential units, from owners of residential units and for overall residential environmental coordination in the property market also provide the Company new opportunities and challenges.
Given the rapid market development and open policies adopted by the Chinese government, the Company has full confidence in the development prospects in IT and culture and media industries, and will continue to use such capital operation means as business developments, enhanced services, and mergers and acquisitions to expand and develop its core businesses in various business sectors; to continue to enhance its technology R&D and expand technology abilities; and to focus on development of technology and media businesses.
Deeply thanks to all shareholders for their support to the Company. I believe that by having the sensitive market observations; continuous R&D in technologies; and dedicated pursuits of knowledge, the Company s various businesses will achieve greater and better development.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 18 April 2008 