CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr Wong Siu Kong 
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 december 2013. The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2013, before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties and the gain arising from the spin-off of Kerry Logistics Network Limited ( Kerry Logistics ), was HK$4,413 million, representing a decrease of 6% compared with HK$4,696 million reported for 2012. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year, after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties and the gain arising from the spin-off of Kerry Logistics, was HK$13,154 million (2012: HK6,961 million).
Earnings per share for the year were HK$9.13, representing an increase of 89% compared with HK$4.84 per share in 2012.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.55 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.35 per share, the total cash dividend for the year ended 31 december 2013 will be HK$0.90 per share (2012: HK$0.95 per share). Pursuant to the spin-off of Kerry Logistics, the Board declared on 25 November 2013 a conditional dividend to qualifying shareholders. The conditional dividend was satisfied wholly by way of a distribution in specie of the Kerry Logistics Shares, under which the qualifying shareholders were entitled to one Kerry Logistics Share for every two shares in the Company held on 2 december 2013.
Broadly Positive Economic Fundamentals with Volatility Expected Looking ahead to 2014, the macroeconomic environment will remain broadly positive but with volatility still in evidence. The Central Government is pursuing reforms designed to forge healthy development by stimulating intrinsic and balanced growth.
For various reasons, the PRC is now facing the challenge of slowing growth, and in its turn the Hong Kong economy is also prone to turbulence caused by macroeconomic conditions. These factors, coupled with the implementation of property sector control measures, will continue to play a role in both markets.
Real estate, being a basic necessity and an important component in our economy and everyday lives, will stay on course for further development. Government policies will continue to exert pressure on the Hong Kong property market; and in the PRC, relatively stronger demand is being witnessed in the first- and second-tier cities with some third- and fourth-tier cities facing an over-supply. Based on detailed analyses of the specific development trends in different markets and cities, we will make appropriate moves and constantly adjust our strategy to deal effectively with the market demand.
Cash Flow: A Strategic Priority We continue to rework our strategies in view of macroeconomic trends and demand changes to cope with uncertainty in the market. The underlying principle is to place top priority on cash flow. The Group considers cash flow generation a prime investment metric both for commercial and residential development. Investment decisions are made primarily on the basis of a healthy capital flow.
Landmark Properties Established in Core Metropolitan Locations In line with our business strategy, we will remain focused on developing mixed-use properties on acquired sites in first- and second-tier cities in the PRC. Construction plans for these projects will be taken forward with the priority placed on timing and quality. The Group will also enhance the management of completed projects to maximize their competitive advantages and revenue generation capability. In addition to the residential, retail and office components, our mixed-use projects continue to be greatly enhanced by the inclusion of five-star hotels, which also help add strong recurring cash flows to the properties.
The Group will expand and consolidate its recurrent income base on the back of its landmark developments, which include Shanghai Jing An Kerry Centre, Pudong Kerry Parkside, Beijing Kerry Centre and Shenzhen Kerry Plaza. The development of Tianjin Kerry Centre, Hangzhou Kerry Central and Shenyang Kerry Centre will also be accelerated to ensure timely commencement of operations.
Prime Residential Properties Built on the Quality Premise Residential projects in the pipeline in Hong Kong for completion and sale in the next few years will include properties in Ede Road, La Salle Road, Ho Man Tin, Kau To and So Kwun Wat. These luxury residences are conceived to premium standards. In the PRC, the Group s upmarket residential projects in Hangzhou, Nanjing, Ningbo, Shenyang, Qinhuangdao, Putian, Chengdu and Nanchang will be launched sequentially under our premium brand of Arcadia Court.
Expand Land Bank, Strengthen Governance and Sustain Momentum The Group will continue to screen the market for opportunities to expand its land bank in Hong Kong and the PRC in order to secure future growth momentum. New site acquisitions will be determined based on timing, location and price considerations.
Coincident with the shifting supply-demand dynamics and intensified market competition, the cyclical development of the property sector will inevitably lead to a gradual reduction in overall margins. In response to this, the Group will gear up its internal operations and cost controls, while building and furthering its management system. Through professional management, the Group will continue to advance its governance standards. Forward-looking risk management measures will also be employed to ensure that Group operations remain on a firm footing.
Nurturing Talent and Social Responsibility the Way Forward Over decades of development, we have nurtured a professional management team that has helped us advance towards new horizons. The Group will continue to invest in human capital and engage staff so as to open up their creativity and professional talent. We believe this is the way forward to sustained growth.
Our long-term success is founded on integrity, excellence and our commitment to corporate social responsibility. In support of sustainable development for society, the Group devotes full consideration to environmental protection in every aspect of its operations. The Group is honoured to have received from the Green Council a Silver Award in the category of Green Management Award (Corporate) under the widely recognized Hong Kong Green Awards 2013 in appreciation of our outstanding achievements in green governance.
As an economic growth driver for the country and an industry catering for basic needs, the property sector is now facing a new set of opportunities and challenges. With a strong foothold in Hong Kong and the PRC, the Group is taking a very long- term view of its future development. Through furtherance of professional management and the enhanced development of our brand, we look forward to creating increasing value for our shareholders on the foundation of our enterprise strength and core 
The spin-off of Kerry Logistics for a separate listing has also brought a positive impact and extraordinary income for the Group.
Upon listing, the logistics business will be able to pursue independent operations and a broader scope of development.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s Board members, the senior management team, our business partners and our colleagues for their insightful yet pragmatic input, teamwork and entrepreneurial spirit. These are the qualities that have cemented the success of the Group.

Wong Siu Kong 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2014 