Chairman s Statement The audited consolidated profi t after taxation and minority interests of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2008 increased by 21% to HK$5.05 billion. Earnings per share were HK64.8 cents, an increase of 14%. Total shareholders funds increased by 26% to HK$33.22 billion. Net assets per share were HK$4.2, an increase of 24% on 2007, and average return on shareholders funds reached 17%. The Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of HK7 cents per share for year 2008.

I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: In 2008, the Group adhered to its operational watchword: Sharpening Capabilities for Sustained Growth. Turnover increased by 14% to HK$18.89 billion, and consolidated net profi t increased by 20.8% to HK$5.05 billion. The consolidated net profi t of the Group has sustained a compound increase of about 48.6% in the past fi ve years. This comprises annual increases of over 20%, fulfi lling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and investors.

During 2008, the US sub-prime mortgage crisis led eventually to a global fi nancial crisis, and the world economy experienced an unprecedented adjustment. Economic development in various countries was adversely affected to different extents, although China still achieved a high GDP growth of 9%. However, as the effects of the global fi nancial crisis intensifi ed and the economies of the US, Europe and Japan entered into recession, China s economic growth was adversely impacted. Economic development in Hong Kong and Macau was also badly affected.
In 2008, the Group adhered to its operational watchword: Sharpening Capabilities for Sustained Growth. By working diligently in such diffi cult market conditions, the Group achieved historic highs for its various major business benchmarks.
Turnover increased by about 14% to HK$18.89 billion, and consolidated net profi t increased by 20.8% to HK$5.05 billion. The consolidated net profi t of the Group has sustained a compound increase of about 48.6% in the past fi ve years. This comprises annual increases of over 20%, fulfi lling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and investors.
The turnover of the Group s China real estate business increased by 39.5% to HK$17.16 billion, and the gross profi t margin held steady at the high level of 43.7%, resulting in a 35.1% improvement in the profi t contribution to HK$7.50 billion. Such excellent performance was a result of targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures backed by effective management. Through the timely adoption of fl exible sales techniques, the two new projects in Hong Kong and the stock of the La Cit project in Macau were sold at good prices, generating turnover of HK$734 million. Hong Kong and Macau operations brought in a profi t contribution of HK$297 million and the gross profi t margin was 40.5%.
Notwithstanding the volatility of the global fi nancial market, as a Hang Seng Index constituent stock the Company s shares traded actively and held relatively fi rm against the downward pressure on prices. This demonstrates the recognition by investors of the Company s fi nancial performance, sound fi nancial position and professional management.

The Group continues to be optimistic about the long-term development of the China real estate market. As at 31 December 2008, the Group had total land for development of about 24.8 million sq m (attributable interest of about 21.8 million sq m) to be developed in the near future or under development in 22 citiesdistricts including mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau. This is enough to meet its development requirements which are set to ensure annual profi t increases of over 20% in the next four to fi ve years.
Taking into consideration the economic conditions, the trend of the real estate market, the funding capabilities of the Group, the land bank on hand and the quality and cost of new land parcels, ten parcels of land were acquired in 2008 in six cities in China Suzhou, Shanghai, Jinan, Hangzhou, Zhuhai and Tianjin. These land parcels provide an aggregate gross fl oor area (GFA) of 2.79 million sq m (attributable interest of 2.07 million sq m). By entering Jinan, the Group has strengthened its position in the Bohai Rim & Northeast Region, complementing its existing success in the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone and Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone.
Management Philosophy and Brand Value Holding to the philosophy of Excellent Integrity, Eternal and Excellent Products (OSS0|T8lR), the Group continues to implement its nationwide business development strategy in major Chinese cities. At the beginning of 2008, the Group foresaw changes in both the economy and real estate market of mainland China. In order to sustain expansion in operational scale and territory and to achieve stable, high-quality balanced growth, the Group must continue to excel with its management structure and style as well as enhance its already well-established base and competitiveness. To this end a regional management model has been established. Furthermore, the Group will also adopt a range of cooperation models including joint ventures, cooperation with funds, and mergers and acquisitions as supplements to its organic growth. These strategies aim to achieve sustainable growth in an ever-changing and increasingly competitive market.
The Group continues to strengthen the infl uence of its nationwide branded products. In every market in which it operates, the Group seeks to provide top quality products and services to customers.

In the fl uctuating market, the Group achieved another sales record, of HK$26.61 billion, in 2008 (including share of sales in syndicated projects), an increase of 19.3% on 2007. Total area of properties sold was 2.71 million sq m, an increase of 25.3% on 2007. Pre-sales amounted to about HK$14.15 billion as at end of 2008 (of which HK$11.85 billion has been received), an increase of 56%.
Total sales of properties in China remained robust, amounting to HK$25.9 billion, an increase of 18.6% on the previous year; the area sold was 2.70 million sq m, representing an increase of 25.3% on 2007.
During the year, 29 projects with GFA of 2.60 million sq m were completed in China for occupation (including 150,000 sq m related to Beijing Zhonghai Square which is an investment property). Total saleable area of these residential projects was 2.03 million sq m, of which 70% had been sold by the end of 2008, corresponding to an area of 1.41 million sq m and raising HK$14.91 billion.
Furthermore, sales of properties held for sale was satisfactory. During the year, 399,000 sq m was sold for approximately HK$3.98 billion and, at the end of 2008, about 1 million sq m of properties were held for sale.
Most of the stock for the La Cit project in Macau was sold, resulting in sales turnover of HK$230 million. Property sales turnover in Hong Kong amounted to approximately HK$480 million. The In-house and Hey Home projects were completed for occupation in 2008 with 85% sold by the end of the year.

With the completion of the Beijing China Overseas Plaza, the Group has over 200,000 sq m of investment properties. The occupancy rate of the Group s properties in Hong Kong and Guangzhou was satisfactory. The total rental income for the period was HK$202 million, representing an increase of 63.2% on 2007; segment results amounted to HK$1.84 billion which included an increase in fair value of properties of HK$1.67 billion (the net income after tax was HK$1.07 billion).
Operating profi t was HK$173 million, representing an increase of 64.9% as compared with 2007.

The Group adheres strictly to the principle of a prudent fi nancial management policy. Finance, treasury and fund-raising activities of the Group are subject to centralised management and supervision. During the year, the Group further refi ned its funding structure while liquidity in the fi nancial market was tight. New banking facilities amounting to HK$6.84 billion and 6.92 billion yuan were secured while loans amounting to HK$2.30 billion and 3.55 billion yuan were repaid. Given that the Group has been growing rapidly and the real estate market situation has changed signifi cantly, the net gearing ratio showed an increase from the previous year s ratio of 30.2% to about 46.8%. About 74% of the bonus warrants issued in 2007 to shareholders of the Company were exercised by August 2008 and raised approximately HK$5.7 billion in equity, of which HK$4.5 billion was from the Group s controlling shareholder, China Overseas Holdings Limited.
Shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$26.28 billion at the end of 2007 to HK$33.22 billion at the end of 2008. As at 31 December 2008, outstanding bank loans and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$22.27 billion and about HK$2.33 billion (US$300 million) respectively; and cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$9.05 billion. Together with available banking facilities of about HK$4.45 billion, the total funds available amounted to approximately HK$13.5 billion. Amid the global fi nancial crisis, the Group launched several measures to effectively combat liquidity shortages. These have ensured that the Group is fi nancially sound at all times and has ample fi nancial resources to meet business expansion while maintaining a reasonable gearing ratio.

The Group fi rmly believes in the importance of human resources management. Systematic staff recruitment, training and incentive schemes are the key drivers for the healthy and sustainable development of any organisation. They are also useful for the enhancement of personal capability and development. Long-term development of the Group and staff s personal development are closely inter-related. This is a pre-eminent feature of the Group s corporate culture and human resource management style.
During the year, the Group provided numerous training programmes tailored for new staff, technical staff and middle to senior core managerial staff, thus enhancing signifi cantly the human resources of the Group. Fresh graduates continued to be recruited from leading universities in the mainland under the Sons of the Sea Scheme ; 214 staff were recruited, the most of the past eight years.
The Group believes that people are key elements in any organisation and is always willing to share its operational results with staff. Confronted by the deepening global fi nancial crisis and deteriorating economy, the Group encouraged its staff to make new commitments to building a brighter future under such tough conditions.

The Group strives to improve corporate governance standards in order to protect the interests of all the Group s stakeholders. The Board recognises its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group and to enhance shareholder value. Good corporate governance is the key to improving corporate profi t and enhancing sustainable development. The Board strives to strike a balance between compliance with rules and regulations and fl exibility in doing business, and the interests of the controlling shareholder and minority shareholders. In the past year, the Group has done its best to promote corporate transparency, to enhance the effi ciency of the Board and the various committees under the Board, and to improve the Group s internal controls and risk management. The Strategy and Risk Management Department was established in July 2008 to enhance the Group s capability in risk management. To improve communication with investors, starting from July 2007 the Group has released monthly data on sales and its land bank in China. The annual report is one of the major tools for communication with investors, and the Group continues to improve its quality. The 2007 annual report was recognised in the renowned international ARC Awards and Mercury Awards. This demonstrates the Group s achievements in its communications with investors.

The Group places great emphasis on its corporate social responsibilities and is active in social and charitable activities. The Group pays attention to environmental, arts and staff development issues, and strives to maintain a culture for the corporation that fully serves its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community.
The Group participated actively in many social and charitable activities in 2008. It was the fi rst organisation to respond to the call of Oxfam and donated HK$2 million to help the victims of the China snowstorms. The Group also reacted quickly to the Sichuan earthquake; a special team was set up to attend to the disaster relief work and over 20 million yuan worth of cash and materials was raised by the Group.
Subsequent to the Sichuan earthquake, the Group accelerated and increased the Zhong Hai Hope School programme.
The construction of two new China Overseas Hope Schools and the building of the Du Jiang Yan Special Education School were both started in 2008.
In the course of developing a property project, at the design stage and during construction, great emphasis is placed on environmental protection and safety. The Group will do its best to build a greener community. As a property developer, the Group can make a major contribution towards the economy, infrastructure development, environmental enhancement and provision of job opportunities in urban areas.

In 2008, the Group received numerous awards. Among them, China Overseas Property (-Nwm0W"u) was acknowledged for the fi fth year in a row by the China Real Estate Top 10 Research Team as number one in terms of integrated strength among the top 100 China real estate enterprises. The brand value of China Overseas Property increased to 9.9 billion yuan, and the company was also recognised as number one China Blue Chip Real Estate Developer and as one of the Top 20 Branded Enterprises. China Overseas Property was awarded six Jian Tian Yao (y)YQO) awards for excellence in its quality, design and management, fi ve CNBC international real estate awards, two National Guang Xia awards and a Global Best Environment Estate award.

The negative impact of the global fi nancial crisis on the world economy will be more evident in 2009. Major developed countries including USA, UK and Japan have entered into recession. The economies of emerging markets, including China, will also be heavily affected. Governments in many countries have developed stimulus measures aimed at boosting credit liquidity in the fi nancial markets, stimulating consumption and fi nally regaining economic momentum, but it will take a while for these measures to take effect. In the second half of 2008, China made major adjustments to its macro- control policies by adopting active fi scal policies and moderately loose monetary policies, aiming to maintain steady economic growth, mainly by increasing domestic demand. The global fi nancial crisis has also badly hurt the economies of Hong Kong and Macau, and both entered into recession in 2009. In response the respective governments have launched various stimulus packages.
It is estimated that this fi nancial crisis will have a long and deep impact on the world economy and fi nancial markets and that most enterprises will face tremendous challenges in 2009.
In such tough operating conditions, the Group will strive to maintain healthy development, and at the same time will continue to improve its corporate governance standards and to actively take up more corporate social responsibility.

After rapid growth for so many years, the China economy has slowed down due to the impact of the global fi nancial crisis. Under the government s proactive fi scal policies and moderately loose monetary policies, the stimulus package comprising interest rate cuts, tax rebates, tax cuts and mortgage interest rate reductions will be benefi cial for the recovery and development of the property market in China. The Group is confi dent about the long-term development of the mainland China property market, though in 2009 it will follow a pattern of survival of the fi ttest and elimination of the weakest . Property developers with strong brand names, scale, adequate fi nancial resources and effective management will have opportunities to enlarge their development scale, increase their land banks, accelerate their rate of development and expand their market shares.
It is expected that the property markets in Hong Kong and Macau, especially the high-end segment, will be under continued pressure. In 2009, the Group will concentrate on developing the two current projects and actively procure the completion of the land premium compensation work for the Fan Ling Project.
Market Leading Status China is a vast country whose economy is developing at varying rates, and its property markets are also at various stages at any one time. However, comprehensive nationwide strategic coverage enables the Group to balance risks caused by volatility in economic and market cycles. The Group will continue to excel and balance its nationwide development strategy by actively exploring new markets with strong potential. This will help to increase its leadership of the industry in terms of turnover, net profi t and brand value. In this way the reputation of the Group as a market leader in the high-end market will be enhanced. The Group will adhere to its professionalism and strive to maintain its philosophy of attention to detail to deliver outstanding quality and value-for-money products and services, in order to consolidate its status as 
Sustainable Project Development With the market turnover in China slowing and prices falling, the Group will control the pace of its development appropriately and launch scarce, highly differentiated and top-quality products. By fully utilising the strength of its brand name, backed by additional marketing and sales resources, the Group can improve its cash fl ow and maximise the return on its assets. After taking into consideration the economic conditions, market trends and the Group s situation, it is planned that in 2009 forty-three projects with GFA of 5.0 million sq m will be completed for occupation. The Group will aim to achieve total sales area of not less than 3.5 million sq m for 2009, an increase of 30% on 2008.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to strengthen the competitiveness of its business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resources allocation for short-term and long-term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns. A professional investment property team has been steadily built up to ensure stable growth of income from investment property and enhancement in the value of investment properties, thus strengthening its capability to balance market risk. The Group will strive to generate a profi t contribution from investment property that exceeds 20% of the total profi t by 2010. The completion of the Beijing China Overseas Plaza has added more than 150,000 sq m of investment property to the Group, and currently the commercial property area being developed and yet to be developed exceeds 1.2 million sq m, with most to be completed by the end of 2011.
Withdrawal from Infrastructure Business The Group has disposed of all its infrastructure investment businesses except for the Nanjing Yangtze River II Bridge. In 2008, the Group successfully sold the Nanchang Bridge and Laizhou Port for a total sum of HK$1.53 billion. The Group will look for the best timing to dispose of the Nanjing Yangtze River II Bridge in the most appropriate way.

Under less favourable macroeconomic conditions, the Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead. It will maintain an appropriate scale of investment, monitor the pace of its development and maintain a reasonable gearing ratio. To capture opportunities offered by market adjustments, the Group will enter into projects with good earning prospects, government support, moderate fi nancial requirement and high cash turnover rate, either by public auction or merger and acquisition.
The Group will also enhance cooperation with large state-owned enterprises to acquire new land resources at relatively lower funding levels. Subject to the improvement in the fi nancial position of the Group, it is intended that the replenishment of land for development for 2009 will not be less than 4 million sq m.

Many property developers will face severe sales pressure and funding defi ciencies amid the fi nancial crisis. Under such depressed market conditions, merger and acquisition opportunities will arise. The Group will strive to make real progress in the setting up of a real estate fund and also in merger and acquisition activities so as to expedite its development and expand its development scale.

Facing such a tough economic and operating environment, and in order to meet the challenges and seize the opportunities, the Group needs to enhance its overall capabilities including its competitiveness and risk control capability.
The Group will continue to focus on policies and regulations, resource protection, risk management and operating effi ciency enhancement. The last can be achieved through actively acquiring high-value land reserves at low cost, continued improvement of product quality and reduction of costs and expenses in project development, sales and 
Prudent Financial Management The fi nancial crisis poses various challenges, creating unprecedented pressure on fi nancial and funds management in every corporation. The Group will continue to adhere to prudent fi nancial management while it strives to improve its funds management capability. The Group will make full use of its fund-raising platforms in the international, Hong Kong and mainland China fi nancial markets, exploring new channels to enhance its fi nancial strength and resources and to increase its asset protection capabilities. The Open Offer announced by the Group on 10 December 2008 gained support from the Group s controlling shareholder, China Overseas Holdings Limited, who agreed to underwrite the whole Open Offer. The Open Offer was heavily oversubscribed and HK$2.5 billion in equity was raised in February 2009. After the Open Offer, the shareholder equity of the Group was increased to over HK$35 billion and the gearing ratio was decreased to about 40%. The Group is indeed the mainland China property developer with the strongest fi nancial capabilities, with little debt repayment pressure due to the fact that most of its bank loans and guarantee bills are long term with maturity falling after 2010. The Group will continue to upgrade and promote its ERP system to enhance project and fi nancial information communication, intensify cash fl ow control for all regions, increase cash infl ow and effectively combat the risks brought about by any shortage in liquidity.
Prudent fi nancial management and strong fi nancial capabilities can enable the Group to handle the fi nancial crisis and position itself to seize business opportunities.

The Board is confi dent about prospects for the Group. In the last few years, the Group has diligently built a solid foundation, and has stepped up to new heights as an evergreen enterprise. Strong, persistent profi t growth has continued for six consecutive years, and excellent share price performance demonstrates the Group s strength and capability. This year, 2009, will be full of opportunities and challenges. The Group will continue to operate according to its long-standing maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success . Through its hard work and persistent innovation and by continually enhancing its operating and management capability, the Group is fully confi dent of its performance in 2009. Furthermore, with its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and fi nancial strength, the Group is capable of converting Crisis to Opportunity and Pressure to Dynamism. The Group is very confi dent that it can maintain its leadership position in the China real estate industry and achieve steady high-quality balanced growth.

The Group strives to bring out the best value in its human resources, and places great emphasis on establishing a satisfactory operational and working environment. The Group is committed to enhancing shareholder value, raising its standards of corporate governance, moral integrity and corporate citizenship, and improving its core competitiveness through continuous innovation. The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually benefi cial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community. The Board will endeavour to develop the Group into an evergreen enterprise.

Lastly, I would like to thank the members of the Board for their outstanding leadership, the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust, and the entire staff for their dedication.

