On behalf of the board of directors of Nan Hai Corporation Limited (the Board ), I present to the shareholders the annual report of the Nan Hai Corporation Limited (the Company ) and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 
2014 was a year of vigorous development for the Group.
By establishing its strategic presence with diversified core businesses, the Group continued to focus on the three main businesses of culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services. Driven by the rapid growth of the culture and media division, the Group recorded an increase of approximately 36% in turnover in 2014 over the corresponding period in 2013.
In addition, since the litigation in relation to The Peninsula , the property development project of the Group, was ruled in favor in the final trial last year, the development of The Peninsula was rolled out in an orderly manner, and the construction of Phase 3 has commenced, laying the bedrock for subsisting enhancement of the Group s operating results and cash flow in the future.

Culture and Media In 2014, development in the film industry in China was inspiring. According to statistics released by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television in January 2015, the national gross box office in 2014 amounted to RMB29.639 billion, representing a growth of 36.15% over the corresponding period last year. The film market in China remained the second largest film market worldwide in 2014, accounting for 13% in terms of total box office worldwide. 2014 was a blooming year for Chinese films as 17 Chinese language films ranked among the top 100 international films with the highest box office, and the box office of Chinese films accounted for 54.51% of the national gross box office.
The rapid development of Chinese films was also reflected in the rapid growth of number of new cinemas and audiences. In 2014, additional 1,015 cinemas with 5,397 screens were set up in China, with a daily average growth rate of 15 screens. The total number of screens has reached approximately 23,600, representing an increase of 29.7% over the corresponding period last year.
In the age of rapid development of the Chinese film industry, the Group actively seized the opportunity to continuously expand its presence in the second and third- tier cities in China and aimed at those first-tier cities with room for development and certain potential third and fourth-tier cities and towns through its Dadi cinema business group ( Dadi Cinema ). Dadi Cinema signed contracts with several renowned real estate enterprises in respect of cooperation in development of new projects for the purpose of enhancing the quality of Cinemas. In 2014, Dadi Cinema set up additional 42 cinemas with 229 screens in several cities, namely Beijing, Tianjin, Haikou, Hohhot and Chongqing etc.
For the year ended 31 December 2014, Dadi Cinema operated 257 cinemas with 1,262 screens, representing an increase of approximately 22% in the total number of screens over the corresponding period last year. The Group achieved another record high admission of over 49.09 million audiences in total with box office of about RMB1.46 billion during the year. Dadi Cinema has become one of the leading mainstream branded cinema operators in China at the end of 2014.
During the year, in addition to rapid expansion of its market, Dadi Cinema put extra focus on the improvement of the quality of projects. After conducting comprehensive operational assessment on operating cinemas, certain non-performing cinemas were closed or suspended. Such measures would be beneficial to our brand building and the enhancement of future profitability despite loss would be recorded in the short run.
During the year, the Group continued to enhance its professional capability of distribution through its subsidiary 'Y0WBfNq_|vLSN gPlQS (Dadi Century Film Distribution (Beijing) Company Limited) ( Dadi Distribution ), and to actively explore external cooperation and develop film distribution business. During the year, Dadi Distribution jointly with ,Tq_ (Wanda Media) and Emperor Motion Pictures (vq_) distributed a film namely But Always (NuNN) . The box office of the film amounted to approximately RMB230 million. During the year, Dadi Distribution set up a joint venture namely N2mq_|vL gPlQS (WuZhou Film Distribution Co., Ltd.) with ,Tq_ (Wanda Media), 8q_ (Jinyi Cinemas) and kjq_b} (Hengdian Cinema Circuit) to carry out in-depth cooperation in film 
In addition, the Group s subsidiary BfNJTSN gPlQ S (Century Advertising (Beijing) Limited) ( Century Advertising ) actively developed and expanded advertising business and innovatively launched a concept of the sale of screen advertisement on the basis of number of audiences.
In addition, Century Advertising enhanced the rationalisation of media resources and exploration of the market of branded clients, laying a sound foundation for business growth in the future.

Since 2014, the property market has emerged a new status feature. Periodic adjustment happened subsequent to the high and rapid growth in the previous year. In view of acceleration of modern urbanization and cross-industry cooperation, the property sector would speed up its structural adjustment and reform its business model. In the short run, restriction on loans was loosened in 2014 and some cities have shown sign of recovery. It is expected that the property market will enter into the stable stage in 2015. In the long run, demand potentiality for properties in China would remain strong, the Group is prudently optimistic towards the future development of the property 
During the year, Phase 2 of The Peninsula in Shenzhen recorded an income of approximately HK$127.8 million.
The development of Phases 3 to 5 of the project has been in progress as scheduled. Due to fulfillment of procedural matters laid down by the PRC governing authority in relation to both design and construction, the construction works of Phase 3 commenced in October 2014. It is expected that pre-sales of Phase 3 will commence in the first quarter of 2016. Phases 4 and 5 have been in the stage of planning and design. It is expected that the construction works of Phase 4 would commence in mid- 
During the year, Free Man Garden in Guangzhou, a project of Listar Properties Limited ( Listar , an associate of the Group), was committed to get over the adverse effect arising from the policies of limitation in purchase of property implemented by the government. As at the end of 2014, accumulated area sold of Phase 1 was approximately 177,000 sq.m., 162 units remained unsold, of which 90 units were contracted for sale with customers. Sales proceeds from the sold units of Phase 1 of approximately RMB1,598.0 million were recognised as sales income for the year according to the accounting standard. Pre-sales of Phase 2 commenced in the first quarter of 2015, and it is expected that building inspection works of Phase 2 will be carried out in the fourth quarter of 2015.
In March 2014, the Group received letters from a professional party in respect of appointment of receivers and managers ( Appointments ) by a financier pursuant to share mortgages which were executed as security for payment under loan facility agreements entered into between a Group s subsidiary which is an off-shore holding company of The Peninsula . The Company issued two announcements on 10 March 2014 and 14 March 2014 respectively, indicating that the Appointments were null, void and invalid, and a writ of summons was issued against both the financier and the receivers and managers. The Company issued an announcement on 13 June 2014, indicating that a settlement agreement was entered into with the financier.
The disputed amount is not a significant figure by comparing with the high net asset value of the Group.
The Group has paid the disputed amount in full pursuant to the settlement agreement.
Corporate IT Application Services During the year, Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ), a listed subsidiary of the Company, continued to focus on the development of its corporate IT application services business through its main subsidiary -NORRybN g PlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ) and SNe}xexOobS gPlQS (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited) ( Xinnet ), whose financial performance has been consolidated into the Group since November 2013. Following the general trend of Internet development of Chinese enterprises, CE Dongli provided e-commerce applications and services platform on the basis of website for the purpose of helping SMEs speed up the application of Internet. Xinnet committed to become one of the largest Internet-based application service providers for SMEs and individual users in China by providing various product lines such as domain name, website, storage, email service and application. In 2014, Sino-i dedicated to enhance its internal administration and continued to improve its structure and operating efficiency. However, it was unable to achieve a significant growth in total revenue by comparing with that in 2013 due to slowdown of economic growth and continuously conservative corporate IT investments by SMEs. Due to significant increase in research and development costs and amortisation of products at preliminary research and development stage , which were not adapting to the needs of the market in 2014, there was a decrease in operating results as compared with the corresponding period in 2013.
The Group is of the opinion that with increasing support to SMEs and vigorous pushing forward of the application of Internet by enterprises by the government as well as the favorable environment of rapid development of the mobile Internet consumer market, there is still enormous room for development of its corporate IT application services business in China. In the meantime, functions of communication products were improved through reassessment and renovation, and the product security was increased significantly. The increase in costs of CE Dongli during the year was attributable to the renovation and upgrading of its products as well as optimization of its internal governance which laid the foundation for the improvement of operating results in the future.
During the year, Xinnet strategically increased investment in the research and development of new products, platform renovation and cloud computing. Such upgraded products as New Freemail and New Virtual Server having certain competitive edge were continuously launched in the first half of 2014. The relevant products are still in the introduction stage of the product life cycle, their results have not yet brought significant contribution to the Group s operations. However, these strategic investments will comprehensively enhance Xinnet s competitiveness in the market of Internet-based application services. During the year, in response to market change, Xinnet strengthened its market share by adopting strategy of market-oriented pricing on domain names. In addition, Xinnet conducted reform in its operating system by the end of the year, which led an increase in costs in the short term, but would facilitate the standardisation and normalisation of operation management and persistently reduce labour cost and improve operating quality in the long run, and in turn laying a solid foundation for the future development.
Business Opportunities and Development 
The Group is optimistic towards the macro economy of China and the future development of the Group s three core businesses. According to statistics of National Bureau of Statistics of China, the growth rate of annual gross domestic product (GDP) of China in 2014 was approximately 7.4%. The annual growth rate of the service sector accounted for 48.2% of the GDP. Resulting from the continuous optimization of the industry structure, the macro economy of China will maintain a steady growth in the forthcoming five years. It is expected that the modern service sector, to which the Group s core businesses of culture and media and corporate IT application services belong, would still remain in a rapid development stage in the coming five years.
According to the data published by the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television, the compound annual growth rate of box office of Chinese film was about 34% in the past decade (2005-2014). Resulting from the continuous popularity of leisure concept and movie-watching habit of the domestic consumers, the Chinese film market is expected to maintain a higher growth rate of box office in the coming five years, with the possibility of entering into the golden period of development, and even replacing the United States as the largest film market in the world. For the property sector, as the government policies loosening up and the increasing level of standardisation in respect of industry development, there will be plenty of room for financing and sales for real estate companies. In the meantime, an enormous property development market will be formed in the process of persisting modern urbanization in China. Given good atmosphere of the release of the benefits from reform and the emphasis on improving living quality by consumers in China, the Group adhered to the concept of establishing a high quality community which would eventually gain wider recognition from the market.
It is expected that the Group will continue to strategically invest in its core businesses, namely culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services businesses in the next three to five years so as to achieve subsisting rapid growth and long-term operating return for shareholders.
With respect to culture and media, it is expected that the Group will speed up the expansion of new projects and enhance the quality of projects in the coming three to five years; continue to increase the proportion of tenancies signed with renowned property developers; strive to enhance the quality of films and operation efficiency; and enhance brand building and talent reserves for overall strengthening up its core competitiveness. Meanwhile, with the implementation of multi-brand strategy of cinemas, the Group will provide differentiated products and services for various market segments so as to strengthen and broaden the Group s market share. With respect to film distribution sector, having the advantage of its extensive cinema network, the Group will continue to expand its nationwide distribution network and enhance the competitiveness of its middle and upper stream business chain. In addition, the Group will increase investment in creation and production of contents with a view to turn this business division eventually into a highly competitive culture and media chain.
With respect to property development sector, the Group will continue to push forward the follow-up developments of The Peninsula and Free Man Garden . In the process of development, increase of commercial units in proportion to residential units; focusing on development of customer based leisure style commercial units; and increase of self-owned and self-operated commercial units for the purpose of establishing a landmark of high quality community which will be the benchmark development of all remaining phases of property projects. Meanwhile, the Group will continue to actively identify potential quality projects for reserve and development for attaining sustainable revenue and return in the long run.
With respect to corporate IT application services sector, the Group will continue to push forward the comprehensive strategic adjustment of CE Dongli, including organizational restructuring and optimization and enhancement of existing products and business, and will facilitate the upgrading of enterprise operating model through the establishment of information platform. For Xinnet, the Group will push forward Xinnet s transformation from the provider of Internet-based products to the provider of application services. It is expected that Xinnet will strive to be one of the largest providers of Internet-based applications and services for SMEs and individual users in China in the next three years.
To achieve the above strategic objectives, the Group will increase its investment in research and development and new products, expand the scope of corporate IT application services business, and strengthen the business collaboration among different business segments with a view to achieve sustainable development of relevant business and upgrading of models.
Furthermore, the Group will actively identify quality projects for investment and development in the relevant segments of its core businesses and other emerging segments having great potential in the middle to long term. The Group will strive to enhance, optimize and expand the portfolio of its core businesses to capitalize on its competitive strength and synergies in resource and capability with a view to enhance the Group s value and to attain sustainable return for shareholders.

Looking forward to the coming year, the Group will adhere to its diverse core business strategy and continue to deploy resources on its three major business segments, namely culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services. The Group will expand its competitive advantage in the culture and media as well as corporate IT application services sectors in addition to speeding up the development of all phases of the property projects and continuous improvement in operating efficiency, for maximizing value for shareholders of the 
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support, and also to the Board, executive committee and all staff of the Company for their dedication and contribution.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 27 March 2015 