Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report the annual results of Kerry Properties Limited (the Company ), its subsidiaries and associated companies (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2009.
The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2009 was HK$4,391 million, representing an increase of 44% compared with HK$3,051 million reported for 2008.
Earnings per share for the year were HK$3.08, representing an increase of 44% compared with HK$2.14 per share in 2008.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.40 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.30 per share, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2009 will be HK$0.70 per share (2008: HK$0.70 per share).
The Group s results demonstrate the merit of our strategy in taking a long-term view to business in all the sectors in which we operate. The performance of our various businesses is more fully described in other sections of this annual report. Suffice it to say here that the flexibility and diversity that is built into our business, and the geographic concentration of key activities in dynamic and growing markets such as China, are competitive drivers that will likely see the Group continue to prosper in coming years.
As I remarked in last year s annual report, the series of external shocks to the global economy in 2008 were a backdrop to performance of the Group during the latter part of that year, and performance continued to be affected through the first half of 2009. The extremes of the global financial crisis were felt early in 2009 when there was a lull in all forms of business activity. This was an understandable reaction to global uncertainty.
Fortunately, the measures taken to overcome the crisis, particularly the stimulus packages that governments in China and elsewhere put into effect, had improved performance by mid-year and led to a more buoyant outlook for investors and consumers which translated into a fairly rapid recovery that was sustained during the second half of 2009. The increase in sales activity in our property division was particularly encouraging and at this point there is reason for cautious optimism that the economies that our property business links closely to will continue 
The economic outlook for the year ahead seems positive but conditions are likely to be uneven across business sectors as recovery continues. The possibility of regulatory change is ever-present and carries the potential to disrupt and destabilize markets in the short-term. However, our focus is on the long-term economic fundamentals that are time proven to generate shareholder value. This means that future value creation for the Group is far more dependent on macroeconomic trends than it is on short-term market movements.
Both China and Hong Kong will continue to be investment centres for the Group, with China increasingly becoming a focus for growth as its economy develops and as the market for property in China expands and matures. Following a period of policy easing as well as measures to improve bank liquidity, the availability of funds in the second half of 2009 was a driver of demand for property and resulted in prices for property returning to more realistic levels that reflect their fundamental value.
China holds particular promise for growth due to consistent and sustained increases in consumption that are propelled by asset affordability which is a function of steady advances in income levels. Following a period during which increases in property values lagged inflation in salaries and other costs, housing prices in China are now moving upward in line with the upward movement in household income and prices in general. This has reset property prices and removed a portion of the speculative activity that was interfering with efficient market mechanisms. Consequently, the market for housing in China is likely to be less volatile in terms of pricing, and the transaction values that are achieved are likely to be more sustainable.
The same governance and management principles that have kept our property business at the leading edge strategically and competitively for many years, apply to our logistics business. Although our logistics business was affected by the slowdown in 2009, responsible stewardship and a focus on the long-term potential of the logistics sector to generate shareholder value has ensured that this part of our business remained relatively strong during the year. The logistics business will likely continue to recover and strengthen into the future, particularly as commercial activity increases in China.
Over the years, our broad commitment to the community, society, the environment, and to high ethical and professional standards, has resulted in a number of commendations and awards. Our commitment to corporate social responsibility ( CSR ), and to environmental initiatives in particular, further strengthened in 2009. It is most welcome to observe that our efforts in this regard are making a meaningful difference in many ways and have received unprecedented recognition from a wide range of well respected bodies from around the world that independently monitor and comment on CSR activities. I am particularly pleased with the success of our comprehensively designed and far-reaching environmental management system ( EMS ) in making our organization more sustainable and environmentally friendly. The results of our EMS, together with our carbon reduction campaign and other green initiatives, ensure that our ethos of going beyond building is brought to life in a very tangible and real way so as to successfully deliver upon our mission to be a caring company. The excellent work that the entire team has done to galvanize our position as a leader in CSR, and in managing for sustainability, is more fully described in our Corporate Social Responsibility Report , as well as on our website.
Finally, I would like to thank my Board colleagues and those on the senior management team for their outstanding leadership and commitment during 2009. I also wish to offer my deep appreciation to the hardworking staff of Kerry Properties Limited and its subsidiaries whose daily efforts aim to ensure the continued positive momentum of our business.

kuok khoon chen 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2010 