Chairman s Statement The Group has sustained a strong performance for eight consecutive years amid the global financial crisis and effects of Chinese government policies.
The Group s sound operational and financial management helped it to weather the downturn in 2008, to capture opportunities in 2009 and to ride out a volatile 2010 by recording net profit attributable to shareholders of HK$12.37 billion (10.76 billion yuan). The Group has the capability to maintain rapid growth in 2011.
China Overseas Property is a leading brand name in the mainland China property sector.
Through diligence and care, the Group has achieved to deepen and broaden the recognition of this trusted brand name. Brand building will further consolidate the Group s competitiveness and help to boost its operating scale 
I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: The audited net profi t attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 increased by 65.7% to HK$12.37 billion. Basic earnings per share were HK151.4 cents, an increase of 65.3%. Total shareholders funds increased by 30.0% to HK$54.73 billion. Net assets per share were HK$6.70, an increase of 30.0% on 2009, and average return on shareholders funds reached 25.6%. The Board recommends the payment of a fi nal dividend of HK17 cents per share for year 2010.
Chairman s Statement (continued) 
In 2010, global economic conditions remained complicated and fast changing. Major developed countries were confronted with various challenges and responded with a range of economic stimulus measures. In November, the United States government announced the launch of the second round of quantitative easing measures (QE2). In emerging markets, economic development was good but governments had to adjust their fiscal and monetary policies to combat problems caused by the influx of short-term speculative funds generated by the developed world s stimulus measures, particularly to prevent local economic overheating and to control potential risks associated with asset bubbles and inflation. Through interest hikes and a series of increases in the deposit reserve ratio, China has effectively controlled liquidity and investment sentiment in the market, providing the conditions for steady and relatively fast economic growth. Led by the high GDP growth rate of 10.3% in China, economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau was strong in 2010.
Following the strong rebound in 2009, the China property market continued to perform well in the first quarter of 2010. The consolidation of property prices at a high level as well as the sharp rise in land prices somewhat affected harmony in the community leading to the launch of stricter tightening measures towards the property sector in April and September 2010, including restrictions on purchases and mortgages in some cities. The China property market was inevitably affected to some extent. But due to a combination of strong economic growth and strong rigid demand, the property market still performed well overall in 2010.
The Group achieved a substantial jump in its sales and profit in 2010. Turnover increased by about 18.7% to HK$44.31 billion, and consolidated net profit increased by 66.6% to HK$12.67 billion (11.02 billion yuan). The net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 65.7% to HK$12.37 billion (10.76 billion yuan). The Group recorded net profits of about HK$1.47 billion from three transactions: the disposal of certain interests in 3 projects to a real estate fund; the disposal of the Nanjing Yangtze River II Bridge; and the acquisition of control of China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (formerly known as Shell Electric Mfg. (Holdings) Co. Ltd. and hereinafter referred to as COGO ). Also, an increase in the fair value of the investment property portfolio generated net profit of about HK$1,096 million. The net profit attributable to shareholders has sustained a compound increase of more than 51.8% over the past five years (2006 2010). This comprises annual increases of over 20% in each of the past eight years (2003 2010), fulfilling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and investors.

Total sales of properties for the Group as a whole amounted to HK$67.11 billion (including sales of joint ventures), an increase of 40.4% on the previous year; the area sold was 5.30 million sq m, representing an increase of 11.2% on 2009. As at the end of 2010, pre-sales deposits amounting to HK$23.27 billion were received, an increase of 32.8% on last year.
In 2010, the China property market was tough and challenging. However, the Group adhered firmly to its operational watchword: A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care. As a result of targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as the China Overseas Property branding advantage, the Group achieved another sales record of HK$66.78 billion in 2010 (including sales of joint ventures) in mainland China, an increase of 42.2% on 2009. The total area of properties sold was 5.30 million sq m, an increase of 11.5% on 2009.
The Hong Kong and Macau property market was buoyant through the year, mainly due to excess liquidity generated by the quantitative easing measures and increased investment from the mainland. The Group is optimistic about this market. In 2010, it focused only on stock sales and the marketing launch for the 1 Oxford Road project towards the end of the year.
Sales in 2010 amounted to a mere HK$332 million.
During the year, projects in China with aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of 5.69 million sq m were completed. Total saleable area of these projects was 4.74 million sq m. Net of 90,000 sq m of long-term investment properties, 77.8% of this had been sold by end of 2010, corresponding to an area of 3.62 million sq m and sales value of HK$43.03 billion.
Furthermore, after adjusting for sales relating to joint ventures, which are not recognised as turnover for the Group, and sales not recognised as Group turnover for the year 2010, the level of sales pertaining to projects completed in 2010 and recognized as turnover in 2010 was HK$34.91 billion. Furthermore, sales of properties held for sale were satisfactory with 0.61 million sq m sold for approximately HK$8.63 billion. At the end of 2010, about 1.40 million sq m of properties were held for 
The turnover of the Group s China property development business increased by 18.8% to HK$42.90 billion, the gross profit margin increased from 31.1% in 2009 to the relatively high level of 42.6%, while operating profit increased significantly by 54.9% to HK$16.34 billion. The turnover for Hong Kong and Macau amounted to HK$60 million. The gross profit margin was 62.6% while operating profit was HK$35 million.

The Beijing China Overseas Property Plaza was completed towards the end of the year, adding 90,000 sq m of investment properties to the Group and making a total of 310,000 sq m as at the end of 2010. About 86% of the Beijing China Overseas Plaza was leased out and the overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$294 million, representing an increase of 50.7% on 2009; segment results amounted to HK$2.28 billion which included increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$2,015 million (net income after deferred tax was HK$1,096 million). Operating profit was HK$267 million, representing an increase of 66.9% as compared with 2009.

After taking account of the economic environment, trends in the property market, funding capabilities, the land reserve on hand and the quality and cost, 11 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (not including COGO) in 2010 in 9 cities in China Chengdu, Dalian, Zhongshan, Beijing, Suzhou, Tianjian, Xian, Guangzhou and Zhuhai. These land parcels provide an aggregate GFA of 3.32 million sq m (attributable interest of 2.98 million sq m).
To ensure sustainable rapid growth, the Group endeavours to replenish its prime land reserve through various channels. 2.30 million sq m of land was acquired through the acquisition of COGO in February 2010. Subsequently, COGO acquired land parcels in Guilin and Yinchuan and added 3.47 million sq m of land to the Group s land reserve.
During 2010 the Group also purchased 3 parcels of land in Hong Kong and Macau with GFA of 110,000 sq m for a total consideration of about HK$3.30 billion. In October, the Group also won a contract to jointly develop a project in Sai Ying Pun with the Urban Renewal Authority.
The Group replenished its land reserve by 9.21 million (attributable interest of 7.67 million sq m) in 2010. As at 31 December 2010, the Group had a total land reserve of about 35.85 million sq m (attributable interest of about 30.38 million sq m) in 23 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau.

Subsequent to the raising of HK$8 billion in February 2010 by way of syndication, in November 2010 the Group captured the opportunity created by the announcement of the launch of QE2 by the US government when it successfully issued a 10-year US$1 billion bond at a rate of 5.5%. This greatly enhanced the debt maturity portfolio of the Group. As at 31 December 2010, outstanding borrowings and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$34.52 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to about HK$11.59 billion) and about HK$10.02 billion (US$1.3 billion) respectively; and cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$32.05 billion. Under tough market conditions in 2010, coupled with the fact that the full amount of the 8.50 billion yuan short-term loan advanced by its controlling shareholder China State Construction Engineering Limited was repaid and that a substantial quantity of land premiums were settled (leaving a balance of HK$14.13 billion at the end of 2010), the net gearing of the Group increased only slightly from 22.4% last year end to 22.8% at end of 2010.
Such favourable financial position was attributable to excellent sales results and effective fund management. Over HK$50 billion cash inflow from sales was recorded during 2010. Shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$42.09 billion at the end of 2009 to HK$54.73 billion at the end of 2010.
In the first quarter of 2010, both Moody s and Standard & Poor s upgraded the Company s issuer and bond ratings to Baa2 Stable and BBBStable respectively and these ratings were reaffirmed when the US$1 billion bond was issued in November 2010. The upgrade reflected the recognition of the market to the Group s solid and stable financial profile and also its 
The Group firmly believes that the quality of human resources and the level of knowledge capital are important benchmarks in assessing the competitiveness of an enterprise. Personal capability is enhanced through skills development, staff training and job rotation. Long-term development of the Group and personal development of staff are closely interrelated and mutually reinforcing. This is a pre-eminent feature of the Group s corporate culture and human resource management style.
After assiduous promotion in recent years, the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have developed into respected human resource brands in the mainland property industry. Staff recruited through these two schemes have steadily become an important element supporting the sustainable and stable development of the Group. In 2010, more than 200 graduates from leading universities in China were recruited through the Sons of the Sea scheme and more than 500 talented staff joined through the Sea s Recruits scheme. This recruitment of ample human resources effectively resolved the staff shortages typically confronted by a rapidly developing organisation like China Overseas.

The Board believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group and thereby to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is the key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over several years, the Group has actively enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk management.

The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well-regulated formal system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief works, educational subsidies, charitable donations and community services.
In the past years the Group has been active in charitable donation. During 2010, the Group organised donation activities to show its concern and care for victims of the drought in Guangxi and the earthquake in Yushu. Resources and facilities provided to the China Overseas Hope Schools have greatly enhanced the education environment and capabilities of the 
The Group continued to apply environmental protection and energy conservation concepts such as carbon footprint and green construction throughout its corporate development strategy, as well as to the design and construction of its property projects. The aim is to help build a greener society and ensure a healthy living environment that enables sustainability in the natural environment in and around our projects.
In July, the Company became a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and 
In 2010, the Group received numerous awards. China Overseas Property was acknowledged as number one among China s 20 Most Valued Property Brands and its brand value increased to 15.59 billion yuan. It was also acknowledged as the number one among Leading China Property Brands and for 7 years in a row has been voted the number-one China Blue Chip Real Estate Developer. China Overseas Property was awarded 9 Jian Tian Yao (y)YQO) awards for excellence in its quality, design and management and 5 Bloomberg International Property Awards.

The original objectives of the various stimulus measures implemented by the advanced countries of the United States and eurozone were to increase market liquidity, stabilise the financial system and eventually boost economic recovery. However, the extra liquidity has not been effectively utilised with the fundamental problems that led to the global financial crisis still unresolved, unemployment rates staying high and persistent economic imbalances. Recent political instability in the Middle East and North Africa and earthquake in Japan further risk weakening the world economy. Meanwhile, the excess liquidity that flooded into the market under the quantitative easing measures led to intensified investment activity, asset bubbles and inflationary pressure, especially in emerging markets as well as in Hong Kong and Macau. The Group will closely watch for the risk of downside events triggered by any change in the international economic environment and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
It is expected that the economy of China will continue to grow rapidly and GDP growth may reach eight percent in 2011.
There are concerns about an overheating economy and inflation and the Chinese central government has started to adopt a tight monetary policy and prudent fiscal policy. It is expected that credit liquidity will be tightened further and interest hikes will continue in 2011. Economic development in Hong Kong and Macau will inevitably be affected to some extent. The year 2011 will be a challenging one for most enterprises.

It is expected that competition in the China property market will intensify in 2011. Notwithstanding the launch of a series of tough tightening measures towards the China property market, the whole property market performed well in 2010 with prices staying high. This entirely reflected the actual supply and demand situation in the property market. At the same time, the fact that harmony in the community had been adversely affected led to the launch of even tougher tightening measures in 2011. Some recent policies and measures such as the trial run of a property tax in Shanghai and Chongqing, less favourable terms and also restrictions on mortgages, deepening of the restriction on purchases as well as an extension of its coverage, have restricted and interrupted the property market and adversely affected normal and sustainable property development. On the other hand, moves that curb speculation and restrict investment while increasing the supply of affordable housing should be beneficial to the healthy development of the property market, resolving the housing issue of the middle to lower classes and promoting harmony in the community. Property has become a pillar industry in China.
Moreover, rapid ongoing urbanisation will continue to drive the property market for some time yet. The Group is still optimistic about the long-term development of the mainland China property market.
Greater volatility in the China property market is anticipated amid increased uncertainty. For the industry as a whole, there are more challenges than opportunities. It is expected that the market will undergo consolidation in a faster manner and weak players will be eliminated while stronger parties will be able to increase their market share. Property developers that are operationally and financially sound and have a strong brand name will be in a better position to cope effectively with the austerity measures and will have more business opportunities than challenges. The sales result for the first two months of 2011 remained satisfactory. The Group will follow the market closely so as to improve its sensitivity to market developments.
By mastering changes in the market and the stages of the economic cycle, the Group will be able to seize investment opportunities including the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. The Group will continue to enter new cities and strengthen its balanced nationwide strategy. The Group will also continue to enhance its operational and management capability, so that it is able to maintain sustainable growth even in times of uncertainty and can consolidate its leading status in the property industry.
It is expected that the property market in Hong Kong and Macau, especially the high-end segment in which the Group operates, will remain buoyant. In 2011, the Group will seek opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group holds to its operation philosophy of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{L |{). The Group strictly adheres to its undertakings and conducts business with complete integrity. The Group tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each project stands out and sets the pace among high-end products in the area. The Group also endeavours to maintain its high levels of creativity and to continuously consolidate and expand its market and customer base. The Group works hard to enhance its customer relationship management system and to uphold its customer-focused strategy. By collecting data on customer demand and sharing it with operational departments, the Group strives to improve the quality of its projects and to provide customers with a choice of highly differentiated and desirable products. The Group continues to stick to a development model focused on mid-range to high-end products and aiming to maximise profit for the Group. The Group strives to consolidate and then strengthen its unique immense competitive advantages in the PRC property sector by continuing to be innovative and with its core advantage of a prime product and branding strongly supported by its expertise in design, construction, sales planning, customer service and property management.

The Group will continue to enhance its brand value and operate as a branded organisation. It will strive to develop and sell prime branded product and this will be achieved by applying our expertise pervasively to each major link in the value chain for a property unit.
In the next generation of residential products the Group will adopt a brand-building strategy with product quality as its core value. This will enhance our already strong branding advantage. In 2011, the Group plans to apply this brand-building strategy to the design, sales and marketing, customer services and property management operations in order to strengthen the brand image of its middle to high-end products.
The corporate brand, project brand and product quality are interrelated and can be mutually beneficial. The Group will spread the China Overseas Property brand to the newly entered cities and territories. This will expand its brand reach and enable its product to capture a premium. The Group takes as its corporate responsibility the provision of prime quality in its houses and satisfaction among its customers. The China property market is at a consolidation stage and the Group may increase its market share as its brand name is enhanced and becomes more widely known. The brand value of China Overseas Property will continue to increase and make a greater contribution to the Company s market capitalisation.
The Group keenly recognises that the brand value of a corporation depends largely on its corporate image, its capability to act with a high level of corporate citizenship and effective corporate governance.
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and control the pace of its project development and sales appropriately. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets and ensure sustainable growth in the scale and profitability of its operations. It is planned that in 2011, the Group will commence development of an additional 10 million sq m bringing the total area under development to around 20 million sq m; projects with GFA of 7 million sq m will be completed for occupation; the Group will strive to achieve total sales area of not less than 6.3 million sq m for 2011.
The Group will allocate sufficient resources to ensure the successful sales of the two luxury projects in Hong Kong (6 Stanley Beach Road and 1 Oxford Road) and the smooth development and pre-sale of the Fanling project and the Kowloon Tong Grampian Road project.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resource allocation for short-term and long-term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns and to enhance its capability to balance market risk. In the long term, the Group will work towards securing a profit contribution from investment property of at least 20% of total profit. Currently, the total area of commercial property under development and yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 2.5 million sq m. Of this, about 1.5 million sq m (the Group s attributable interest) will be retained as long-term investment property. Furthermore, the Group sold the Nanjing Yangtze River II Bridge in November 2010 at a profit of HK$270 million, receiving cash amounting to HK$1.69 billion and marking the Group s full withdrawal from the infrastructure sector.

The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead. It will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and capture opportunities offered by market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve through a variety of means and channels. It is intended that the Group will enter three or four new cities in 2011 and the replenishment of its land reserve will not be less than 7.2 million sq m in GFA.
Up to the date of the results announcement, the Group (not including COGO) has in 2011 acquired 8 parcels of land in 7 mainland cities with a total GFA of 5.04 million sq m.

The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint venture cooperation and mergers and acquisitions. Most of the joint venture projects are at the investment phase and are expected to soon show an increased contribution. The real estate fund established in March 2010 is operating smoothly. The launch of phase II of the fund, which will invest in and operate with the Group on brand new projects, is making good progress. The acquisition of the control of COGO was completed in March 2010. Due to the issue of new shares in COGO pursuant to the reorganisation and restructing plan of COGO in February 2011, COGO became an associated company of the Group. As the single largest shareholder of COGO, the Group will continue to manage the company. COGO will focus on third- and fourth-tier cities in China and is expected to develop rapidly in the coming years and will effectively complement the business of China Overseas 
Market Leading Status China is a vast country whose economy is developing at varying rates, and its property markets are also at different stages at any one time. However, comprehensive nationwide strategic coverage enables the Group to balance risks caused by volatility in economic and market cycles. The Group will continue to strengthen and balance its nationwide development strategy by actively exploring new markets that offer strong potential. In order to increase its leadership of the industry in terms of turnover, net profit, brand value and innovative products, the Group will continue to focus on the formulation and execution of policies and regulations, the development of the Group s human resources, protection of tangible and intangible resources, risk management and the enhancement of operating efficiency. Through improvement in the Group s overall competitiveness, the Group can actively acquire high-value land at low cost, maintain a customer-focused strategy, and continue to improve its product quality as the Group holds to its philosophy of practising professionalism in each and every detail and in each and every project.
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management while it strives to improve its fund management capability in order to enhance its financial strength and resources and to increase its asset protection capabilities. The Group will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international and Hong Kong financial markets in 2011. It will continue to upgrade and promote its ERP system to enhance the communication of project and financial information, intensify cash flow control across all regions, increase cash inflow and effectively combat the risks brought about by any shortage in liquidity.

The Board is confident about prospects for the Group. Strong profit growth has been sustained for eight consecutive years despite the impact of the global financial crisis in the past three years. The Group was able to maintain growth in the difficult 2008, to follow the market trend and seize opportunities in the blossoming 2009 and to mitigate risks as well as succeeded in achieving rapid growth while the market was filled with uncertainty in 2010. This demonstrates the Group s strength and flexibility. The year 2011 will be full of opportunities and challenges. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. Furthermore, with its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness through its persistent innovation. The Group is very confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady high-quality 
The Group continues to adopt a human resources management approach that focuses on personal development, working atmosphere and motivation for staff. The Group is committed to enhancing shareholder value, raising its standards of corporate governance, moral integrity and corporate citizenship, and improving its core competitiveness through continuous innovation. The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community. The Board will endeavour to develop the Group into an evergreen enterprise.

Lastly, I wish to express my heartfelt appreciation to the members of the Board for their outstanding leadership, the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and the entire staff for their dedication.
By order of the Board China Overseas Land & Investment Limited 
