CHaIrman s statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report the annual results of Kerry Properties Limited (the Company ), its subsidiaries and associates (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2011. The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties was HK$3,657 million, representing an increase of 7% compared with HK$3,419 million reported for 2010. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties was HK$5,348 million (2010: HK$6,703 million). Earnings per share for the year were HK$3.72, representing a decrease of 21% compared with HK$4.68 per share in 2010.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.47 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.4 per share, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2011 will be HK$0.87 per share (2010: HK$0.87 per share).
Projects Firmly on Track The Group s results continue to demonstrate the sustainability of our business goals in our core markets of Hong Kong and the People s Republic of China (the PRC ). Against a background of ongoing economic uncertainties accompanied by inevitable corrections in overheated sectors, particularly the housing market, we achieved satisfactory sales activity in our property division. We also recorded a strong performance in our office and retail 
In Hong Kong, reflecting our commitment to quality and environmental standards, effective pricing and targeted brand positioning, our portfolio of developments performed well in 2011. All our completed investment projects in Hong Kong are now largely fully occupied and rentals have risen. Kerry Centre, our new headquarters building, made a good contribution to our Hong Kong portfolio.
Our investment in redeveloping centrally located sites in the PRC for mixed-use, integrated projects in major cities bore further fruit during the year. We completed the Kerry Parkside project in Pudong and commenced leasing of Jing An Kerry Centre, Shanghai in readiness for completion. Our mixed-use investment projects in Tianjin and Shenyang remained on track. Our investment in residential projects in second-tier cities with strong prospects for economic growth continued to show progress. We are confident that these projects will benefit from the ongoing modernization and urbanization trend in the PRC.
Despite difficult conditions prevailing in parts of the global economy, and policy adjustments in the PRC property market, we are cautiously optimistic that the economies of both Hong Kong and the PRC will ultimately continue their upward trend. The Group will therefore maintain a positive but measured approach to our investments in both of these markets.
Logistics Grows Further Our logistics business continued to deliver a robust performance driven by the Asian integrated logistics and international freight forwarding businesses. Riding on the growth of imports into the PRC and the increase of manufacturing activities in the ASEAN countries, where the Division has a strong presence, Kerry Logistics was able to deliver encouraging results. The Division remains confident of achieving sustainable growth due to its solid foundation in Asia and clear international expansion strategy.
In December, Kerry Logistics was honoured to be named the Asian 3PL of the Year at the prestigious Supply Chain Asia Logistics Awards. The award shows the Division is now recognized as a global logistics corporation, probably the only Hong Kong based logistics company that can compete with other established peers in the worldwide Top 20 arena.

Through a broad variety of initiatives, we take care of our staff and their families, promote professional development, help to preserve the environment and reach out to the needy and disadvantaged.
In 2011, we were recognized as a Caring Company by the Hong Kong Council of Social Service for the ninth consecutive year. Among a series of training initiatives, the Group launched a two-year leadership development programme to enhance the strategic thinking and leadership potential of our senior staff and managerial grade staff. Following the full implementation of our Environmental Management System in 2010, we were pleased to receive ISO 14001 certification for the system as a whole. In December, the Group received the Silver Award in the Green Management category of the Hong Kong Green Awards 2011 organized by the Green Council of Hong Kong. Such awards reflect our vision of a greener and more compassionate society both now and in the future.
Looking back on 2011, I would like to thank everyone for their commitment, loyalty and inspirational teamwork: my Board colleagues, the senior management team, our partners and everyone who worked with us during the year. I am convinced that their resilience, forward thinking and resourcefulness will continue to drive the future sustainable growth of Kerry Properties Limited and its subsidiaries in the years to come.

Kuok Khoon Chen 
Hong Kong, 15 March 2012 