CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of your Board, I am pleased to report the annual results of Kerry Properties Limited (the Company ), its subsidiaries and associated companies (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2007. The Group again performed well, benefiting from buoyant economic conditions in our major markets and the success of the strategy for growth and long-term quality investing that we committed to in earlier years.
The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2007 was HK$6,563 million, representing an increase of 40% compared with HK$4,689 million reported for 
Earnings per share for the year were HK$4.95, representing an increase of 29% compared with HK$3.83 per share in 2006.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.65 per share for the year, with a scrip dividend alternative. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.30 per share, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2007 will be HK$0.95 per share, representing an increase of 11.8% compared with HK$0.85 per share in 2006.

Global debt and equity markets have been extremely volatile recently, largely as a consequence of concerns with the sub-prime mortgage market in the United States. This impact has been felt in Asia but not to the same extent that it has in some other markets. The likelihood of recession in the United States is cause for concern as this may drag on growth potential in other markets. However, in spite of this we are confident that the economic fundamentals in the markets we do business in are strong. In particular, China and other parts of Southeast Asia remain promising areas for future 
The fundamentals are particularly strong in China, which has continued to experience double-digit annual real GDP growth. In 2007, China s Central Government introduced additional controls on capital movement and on investment in the property sector. Even so, the size of the market and the plentiful opportunities for development mean that China still presents a compelling investment case to well-capitalized and well-managed property firms.
There are also major opportunities in Southeast Asia. The region has exhibited buoyant growth in recent years due to expanding domestic markets and growing international trade. Southeast Asia s traditionally dynamic economies have also been joined by newly emerging economies in the region, most notably Vietnam, which is rapidly developing as a production location and a market.
The Group is well-positioned to take advantage of these dynamics. Our extensive experience and leading positions in the logistics and property sectors in China over many years give us strong advantages over many others in that market.
Policies to promote a more orderly market and greater energy efficiency should help the Group going forward. The Group continues to expand its position in Southeast Asia as well, with new operations in Vietnam and Cambodia.
Predicting the future of global markets and future rates of economic growth is an inexact and often frustrating pursuit. Unanticipated external shocks hold the possibility of affecting the best laid plans.
However, we remain ever vigilant to the impact that such events might have on the economies in which we operate, and on our businesses, and we are well placed, financially, operationally, strategically and in terms of our management team and governance structures, to deal with any issues that may come to 
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company has a long standing commitment to running the Group in a way that provides a net benefit to all shareholders and to society in general.
We are committed to working in the common interest of all parties in order to sustain and develop our businesses in a manner that engenders confidence in our mission and in the promises we 
This tradition is espoused in practice through programmes that utilise Group assets to make an active contribution to the communities in which we operate. The Group has, for example, been commended for using MegaBox as a hub for neighbourhood and community activities that target various underprivileged groups, and for arranging sponsored tours and outings to the facility for 
We are also ever mindful of the need to conserve precious resources. This has led us to seek out innovations in design that promote efficient energy use, ways to proactively reduce waste and pollution, and mechanisms for recycling whenever possible to minimize overall resource consumption. One of the roles of our Infrastructure Division is to act as an investment vehicle in environmental protection.
This places us in an excellent position to draw upon environmentally friendly business applications and ideas generated by that Division and to cross- fertilize these ideas throughout the Group. Our Corporate Social Responsibility Report outlines more fully the various ways in which we have responded to the challenge to render the Group more transparent and accountable.
One of the more pleasing indicators of our social impact is the testimonials we often receive from people whose lives have been made more productive and enjoyable through their association with the Group. Sometimes this is in appreciation for the care and attention we give to the properties in which people live and work, sometimes it is an acknowledgment of the quality of service provided by our logistics network, always it reflects the commitment to excellence and the willingness to exceed expectations that is at the core or our 
As the custodians of shareholder interests, the Board and senior management are keen to observe corporate governance standards of the highest order. Our code of ethical conduct is evidence of our dedication to this task. As a team, we often review our governance structure and seek professional guidance on what we can do to remain in line with the best global practices of corporate governance. This reflection has inspired us to make the important change in this year of more clearly separating the role of Chairman from the role of President & Chief Executive Officer of the Group.
This change will allow each role to have a more defined operation and focus, and will foster an environment in which we are constantly challenged to accept views from a multi-layered senior management team regarding the best investment ideas. It will also clearly communicate to the market that in addition to embracing the suggestions of market regulators, we take leadership and succession issues very seriously, and that we give great consideration to where the future rests in terms of the drivers of value of our business.
Our Independent Non-executive Directors continue to play an important role in ensuring that the Group adheres to the highest standards of corporate governance. They are given regular briefings by the senior executive team to ensure that they are familiar with all the significant issues that are under consideration by management.

We expect that overall economic growth will remain strong in our core markets and we are well- positioned to benefit from this growth. We also remain vigilant in identifying opportunities that might arise should any of the markets experience short- term downturns or economic uncertainty. This is particularly the case for property investment in the form of land purchased for later development and also in the logistics sector wherein more doors may be opened to grow by business acquisitions and to partner with other entities in that sector on more 
The robust financial position of the Group, particularly its deep equity base and solid working capital position, combined with its strong credit rating, means that the effect of negative short-to- medium-term market swings is tempered by the markets understanding that we are a long-term player holding quality assets. Thus we are in a prime position to raise capital as needed to buy assets at the right time and with the strength to hold assets until we think it is a favourable time to sell them.

On behalf of your Board, I offer my sincere appreciation to our staff, management team, partners and all others who worked hard to deliver another year of strong performance. Their efforts are the foundation on which our continued success rests, and their capabilities give me great confidence that the future is bright for the Group.

Ang Keng Lam 
Hong Kong, 19 March 2008 