Chairman’s Statement
On behalf of the board of directors (the “Board”) of the Company, I
present to the shareholders the annual report of the Company and
its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the year ended 31
December 2016.
In 2016, the Chinese economy made remarkable progress and the
supply side reform started delivering solid results in elimination of
overcapacity industry, destocking in property, deleveraging in
financing and reduction of corporate cost. The expected economic
growth rate was reached and gross domestic product (“GDP”)
increased by 6.7% year-on-year.
2016 marked a turning point for the Group. The Group continued
to engage in three main businesses, namely culture and media
services, property development and corporate IT application
services through Dadi Media, Nan Hai Development and Sino-i,
and made breakthroughs in various aspects benefitting from proper
strategic directions and solid experiences. In particular, Phase 3 of
“The Peninsula” in Shenzhen was launched for sale in April 2016
and achieved remarkable sales results. Dadi Cinema successfully
issued convertible and exchangeable bonds with an aggregate
principal amount of RMB1 billion to Alibaba Pictures Group Limited
(“Alibaba Pictures“), and the investment value of such convertible
and exchangeable bonds is initially recognized within the market.
In addition to consolidating its existing three main businesses to
achieve more outstanding performance, the Group will step up its
efforts in establishing the businesses of “New Media” and
“Innovative Business” as the new growth points of Nan Hai within
the next few years.
As a result of the breakthroughs in operations, the Group achieved
outstanding financial performance, in particular a significant
increase in operating profits as compared with last year, and since
then the profit structure of the Group underwent fundamental
changes. Turnover of the Group for the year increased by
approximately 112.3% to HK$8,915.6 million (2015: HK$4,200.1
million). Net profit attributable to owners of the Company was
HK$1,359.6 million (2015: HK$238.9 million). The increase in profit
was mainly due to the increase in revenue driven by the recognition
of part of the sales income of Phase 3 “The Peninsula” property
project of the Group during the year.
CULTURE AND MEDIA SERVICES
The Group believes that culture and information play a vital role in
the global economy and are regarded as China’s sunrise industry
with huge development potential. Over the last decade, the
dynamic growth in China’s movie industry starting back in 2004 has
been benefitting from the equally remarkable boom in cinema
construction in China. The initial achievement of Dadi Cinema is a
testament to the successful capitalization of this opportunity.
Nowadays, as movie-goers are satisfied with the basic viewing
experience, China’s film industry is required to effect an upgrading
in terms of exhibition, distribution and production, which will
certainly create tremendous business opportunities. Dadi Media
will once again have a good grasp of such opportunities. While we
strive to reinforce our strong position in the film exhibition market
and diversify our profitability, we will spare no effort to lay the
groundwork for distribution and content products and map out the
crucial deployment for content industry.
Dadi Cinema fully implemented the “Film+” strategy in 2016.
Through big data analysis and adhering to its established platform,
Dadi Cinema expanded into upstream business and formed
alliance across different industries. It was intended to make
innovative breakthroughs, integrate all kind of resources and
enhance cross-industry collaboration with “movie culture groups”
accumulated for years as the core, with a view to creating an
ecosystem of theatre experience integrated with diversified
operation of “Film + Innovative Internet”, “Film + Innovative Retail”
as well as “Film + Innovative Catering”, while deepening its
relationship with “movie culture groups” to explore their
consumption capabilities of “quality life” to the full extent. In 2016,
the concept of “Film+ Innovative Culture” was added to “Film+”
strategy to fulfill the pursuit of quality life of the general public,
aiming at creating an interactive cultural and entertainment
platform inside the movie showing space and offer more cultural
contents to its audience in future. Meanwhile, Dadi Cinema has
been continuously improving the quality of movie showing and
adopted “STAR MAX”, a gigantic laser screen owned by Dadi
Cinema, in 2016, providing audience with first-rated viewing
experience. Leveraging on its strength in scalability and capability
of integrating various operations, in 2016, Dadi Cinema proposed
the idea of marketing integration in the ecosystem of cinema
operation, emphasizing an “environment-oriented” marketing
strategy and initiating the deployment of spectacular diorama in
cinemas for the purpose of enhancing the advertising value of
cinemas. Thanks to this strategy, Dadi Cinema recorded impressive
growth in advertising income in 2016. The Group believes that the
trend looks set to continue.
The diversified operation ecosystem and the diversified film culture
actively developed by Dadi Cinema has successfully attracted a
member base comprising tens of millions of audience and
consumers, making Dadi Media an important enterprise in China’s
movie industry with a say. With a long-term and well-defined
strategy as well as a stable execution team with strong capability
and serious attitude, Dadi Media has received acclaim and
cohesion from China’s film industry corresponding with its market
position, promising Dadi Media a solid foundation for tapping into
the content industry.
The Group is of the view that given the advancement of digital
media and the application of internet, the way of showing contents
will experience ongoing integration while audience division will coexist
with such integration. Quality content products are the
essential driver behind the cultural creative industries. The
ownership of creative intellectual property rights (especially the
copyrights of literary and artistic creations) that is the source of
creation and the extensive cooperation with the creative entities
that may give rise to a win-win situation can safeguard the
sustainable development of an enterprise of cultural creation. Dadi
Media has accumulated a substantial base of movie-goers and our
distribution business has also established a solid foundation over
the years with positive results. In 2016, we opened up a more
diverse channel for film selection and purchase, breaking the
business limitation that used to confine us to distribution as an
agent and leading to a presence in the upstream content business.
During the year, investment in and production of movies, TV drama
series and animation films as well as the related licensing business
commenced in full swing. We have built long-term cooperation
relationship with a number of established or start-up creative
entities, striving to create a quality operating environment with
sustainability. At the same time, Dadi Media (HK) Limited and its
subsidiaries (“Dadi Film”) under Dadi Media has raised initial funds
of approximately RMB120 million through a film investment fund
jointly promoted with Oriental Bangxin Venture Investment
Company Limited, which will provide substantial financial support
for developing Dadi Media’s content business.
The cinema construction segment of China has maintained its rapid
development in recently years. Competition among cinemas has
becomes increasingly keen. Demand for management
informatization of cinema and quality of film exhibition has become
higher. Third party online ticketing has taken the dominance. To
adapt to market changes, 辰 星 科 技(香 港)有 限 公 司 (Oristar
Technology (HK) Limited) and its subsidiaries (collectively as
“Oristar”, a member of the Group), being one of the top six
providers of ticketing system in China, has optimized product
structure and enriched product features, especially the significant
enhancement of the online interconnection of the ticketing system.
Since its establishment and up to 31 December 2016, products
developed by Oristar were widely applied in cinemas over 30
provinces in China and attracted extensive customer resources. The
integrated cinema system has provided technical solutions for more
than 2,600 cinema halls, and has provided technical services for 670
cinemas, accelerating the promotion of digital film in China and
enhancing the viewing experience for over 1 billion audiences.
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT
The real estate market of China was volatile in 2016. With surging
property prices frequently hitting record high during the first half of
2016, policies on curbing the rapidly climbing housing price was
implemented in first-tier cities, yet these policies were relatively
scientific, it is expected that such policies will help stabilise the
development in the market instead of resulting in excessive
volatility. Certain second-tier and most of the third-tier cities were
still under intense pressure on inventory. Destocking and promotion
of consumption would still be the main focus in the property
market.
According to the research on industry development trends, the
Group believes that in the medium and long term, China’s real
estate market will gradually enter a brand new stage of
development. The market’s requirements for product quality and
operational efficiency of the property development companies will
be increased rapidly. This will accelerate the survival of the fittest
and the China’s real estate market will gradually get to a healthy
and orderly track of development. Based on the judgement on this
trend, Nan Hai Development, a subsidiary of the Group, constantly
upheld its business philosophy of “quality first” for its long term
development. While striving for enhancing operation and
management ability, it also laid foundations for sustainable
development.
During the year, the development of two flagship property projects
of the Group, namely “The Peninsula” in Shenzhen and the “Free
Man Garden” in Guangzhou, continued to roll out in an orderly
manner and received outstanding sales results. Combined with a
series of advantages such as the opening of Taizi Bay cruise center,
the Apple’s research and development center settling in Shekou,
being located at the economic hub of west Shenzhen Bay, Phase 3
of “The Peninsula” was well received by the market after the launch
of sales in mid-2016, bringing more life and energy into the area
and enhancing the living standard and internationalization of
Shekou. Given the further increase in housing price in Guangzhou,
Nan Hai Development adjusted and increased the ownership
percentage of the “Free Man Garden”project. As at 31 December
2016, the company which owns the “Free Man Garden” in
Guangzhou became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nan Hai
Development.
CORPORATE IT APPLICATION SERVICES
In the past decade, Sino-i remained adamant about providing
corporate IT application services for SMEs in China and promoting
the development of its “internet+”. Thanks to its unremitting
efforts, Sino-i has successfully established a second-to-none
national business and services network in the industry, so as to
solve “the last kilometer” problems between service providers and
corporate clients. In the meantime, in respect of product
development, the Company has successfully launched a series of
leading corporate IT application services in the industry after long
term exploration and promotion.
The coming 10 years will be the golden 10 years for corporate
internet applications. To grasp this historic opportunity, the Group
is dedicated to establish an “internet+” industry ecosystem for
SMEs in China by leveraging on its advantages established over the
years, such as substantial resources, core competencies and
extensive operating experience in the enterprise market, thereby
becoming a fresh driver of industrial transformation and upgrading
with information technology in China.
The Company’s management is of the opinion that SMEs will
continue to commit more resources to the development of
“internet+”. Although additional time is required for the market
cultivation and promotion, corporate IT application services will be
presented with enormous market opportunities. Sino-i will continue
to focus on the development of corporate IT application services
through its key subsidiaries, namely 中企動力科技股份有限公司 (CE
Dongli Technology Company Limited) (“CE Dongli”) and 北京新網
數碼信息技術有限公司 (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company
Limited) (“Xinnet”).
With 17 years’ experience in providing services for SMEs in China,
CE Dongli has launched a corporate digitized intelligent operating
platform, providing one-stop shop services and “internet+”
solutions for SMEs through its extensive business and services
network. Xinnet continued its internet-based services such as
domain name registration business, cloud computing business and
synergistic communication business, and actively developed various
internet applications and value-added services for SMEs in China
through online direct sales and distributor channels established
across the nation.
DEVELOPMENT OF NEW BUSINESSES
New Media
Adhering to its philosophy of investing in those industries which are
beneficial to human intelligence, the Group tapped into the media
field by establishing Dadi News Media in 2015, striving to build new
media with innovative models so as to assist in social reform and
advancement by upholding its own ideas and beliefs. Currently, the
businesses of Dadi News Media include “HK01” and Duowei
Media, making progress in its operations. Based in Hong Kong,
“HK01” has now developed into a new media with over 550
employees. “HK01” strived to establish a media dissemination
platform to create new interactive experience for its readers. As a
brand new advocacy media, “HK01” dedicated to take shape and
provide full services for its readers through multimedia platform
and internet application services, namely its website, weekly
magazine and physical premise. “Duowei Media” includes two
major media, namely Duowei monthly magazine and Duowei
website. Duowei monthly magazines are sold in different places in
the Asia-Pacific Region.
Innovative Business
Following the commencement of “Film+” strategy of Dadi Cinema,
expansion work for the innovation commercial business of the
Group has been kicked off. Among which, the retail business and
catering business commenced gradually. As for its retail business,
the Group completed the acquisition of Crabtree & Evelyn, an UK
skincare brand during the year. As an internationally renowned
brand with a long history, Crabtree & Evelyn operates more than
250 stores in 12 countries around the world. Crabtree & Evelyn is in
the process of comprehensive integration and will be introduced to
the Chinese market when opportunities materialize. As for its
catering business, Dadi Catering (HK) Limited (“Dadi Catering”)
took the lead to introduce a new culinary culture based on the
consolidation of the concept of “light, lively and fresh” and cinema
operation.
CONCLUSION
Year 2016 marked the entering of new stage of development of the
Group which led the Group into a new era. The Group is optimistic
about China’s macroeconomy and the future development of such
industries as culture and media services, property development,
corporate IT application services, media and retailing, and is
confident that it can achieve better performance in 2017.
In the coming year, the Group will continue to vigorously develop
its three main businesses, i.e. culture and media services, property
development and corporate IT application services, by adhering to
its diversified core business strategy. The Group will be committed
to pursuing the entire industry chain layout of the film industry
through membership management and integration of online and
offline operation. The Group will continue to carry out precise
marketing campaigns to members and cinema users through big
data analysis and perfect the outline of its interactive advertising
systems. It will continue to enhance its strengths in cinema
terminals and distribution channels, further promote investment in
and production of contents to cater different audience with a view
to establishing a platform covering entertainment and culture. It
will also speed up the development process of the existing
property projects, while striving for the exploration of new property
projects; and will further improve its operation and management
level of corporate IT application services to lay solid foundation for
new businesses. In the meantime, the Group will spare no efforts to
foster its media business and innovative business so as to facilitate
resource sharing and strategic synergy in cross-business fields,
striving to establish them as the new growth points of the Group. In
addition to creating greater value for its shareholders, the Group
will consolidate its foundation for sustainable development in the
medium and long run. Last but not least, I would like to express my
gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support, and
also to the Board, executive committee and all staff of the
Company for their dedication and contribution.
Yu Pun Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 14 March 2017