C HAIRMAN¡¯S STATEMENT
To better identify business scope, properly allocate management resources, and distinguish different
management strategies and business directions, the Company launched the restructuring plan with its holding
company, Sino-i Technology Limited (¡°Sino-i¡±, HKSE: 0250) in 2004. Shareholders have voted to support this
plan at the shareholders¡¯ meeting held on 16 April 2004. Sino-i has submitted petition for capital reduction and
distribution to the High Court, which is one of the crucial steps in the restructuring plan. The Company expects
the whole restructuring plan will be completed upon the Court¡¯s approval of the arrangement in mid-2005.
The Company will become the holding company while Sino-i will be a subsidiary upon the completion of the
restructuring plan. After the restructuring, the Company will continuously focus on property investment and
development business, and through its subsidiary, Sino-i, participates in IT business development and cultural
media. The restructuring plan will optimize the Group¡¯s business operations by consolidating the structure,
facilitate the Group to move toward a more balanced and mature stage, and establish a strong foundation for
comprehensive developments in 2005.
In 2004, the Company¡¯s
Shenzhen property project
has received the
government¡¯s approvals as
planned, and the property
project was named as ¡°The
Peninsula¡± which has begun
construction and entered into
marketing promotion phase.
Based on the current market
price and the trend of supply
and demand, the investment
return of the property project
is very optimistic. The
pre-sale of the Phase I of
The Peninsula is expected to
be commenced in
September 2005, and this
project is expected to
generate strong cash inflow
in the coming few years.
Meanwhile, the new
Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport has brought about many new vibrant opportunities, the development
plan of our Guangzhou Huadu project, a super sized international contemporary commercial and residential
community integrating cultural recreations and commercial amenities, is being reviewed in detail. All approval
procedures are progressing as planned, with overall construction and first phase opening to be expected soon.
The new Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport is one of the key roles in the Guangzhou government¡¯s
preferential policy in modern logistical development. Therefore, the new airport¡¯s launch and operation will have
positive effect on this project. Surrounding the airport are the
Guangzhou Airport Terminal (international hub) logistics park
and related light industry, commercial trade and tourist
attractions. This project is not only located at a natural scenery
landscape but also is benefited from Guangzhou City logistics
industry development¡¯s economic culture and transportation
convenience. The project¡¯s estimated presale price has been
rising recently, hoping that the formal sales price on the opening day will exceed RMB4,500 per sq.m. The
Company predicts the development of the Guangzhou Huadu project with approximately 1.08 million sq.m. floor
area will continue to generate substantial profit in the coming years.
In 2005, the Company will continue to focus on the property development business in China. In the predictable
future, demand for middle to high class property will continue to rise, particularly the stable growth of the real
estate markets in Shenzhen and Guangzhou, without having an overheating phenomenon similar to Shanghai.
Therefore, we certainly expect that the Company¡¯s property development business will have an optimistic
prospect in the coming years. As from 2005, investments in the past years will enter a steady and balanced profit
period.
Upon completion of the above stated
restructuring plan, the Company will
continue to reap the profit from Sino-i¡¯s
enterprise IT service, financial information
service, distance learning education and
application software service, as well as
cultural media. The rapid growth of Internet,
information technology and cultural media
in China will bring about a remarkable
efficacy, and propel the Company¡¯s future
development. The restructure is a significant
and decisive step forward in the Company¡¯s
consolidated development.
I would like to thank all shareholders for your confidence in our management, and sincerely look forward to your
continuous support in the future.
Yu Pun Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 25 April 2005