CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
In 2006, the Company’s businesses achieved
encouraging advancement under effective
development strategies. Subsequent to the
completion of restructuring of the Company and
Sino-i Technology Limited (“Sino-i”) (the then
subsidiary of the Company), a multi-tier core
business network in China was established,
having a more flexible and sound business
structure, realizing a larger scale of asset
expansion, and further enhancing shareholders’
interests. On the other hand, due to the change
of business strategic plans and for prudent
financial management and truly reflecting the growth of business performance, a one-off write-off of accumulated
goodwill generated from the provision of financial information services was taken place. Upon this historical issue
was resolved, leading the Company to having less burden which in turn provides a solid foundation for future rapid
development.
In the property development sector, the Company has achieved
significant growth and entered to a period of harvest. Through
Sino-i, the Company continues to advance on the steady and
rapid growth in the corporate IT application services sector. Both
CE Dongli Technology Group Company Limited (“CE Dongli”)
and 北京新網數碼信息技術有限公司 (Beijing Xinnet Cyber
Information Company Limited) (“Xinnet”), the major subsidiaries
of Sino-i, have achieved remarkable performance. With
advantages in technology development, the Company is
confident of its future ventures in culture and media business.
By having high efficacy operation management, in-depth market
experience, and enhanced technological teams with strong
research and development capabilities, the Company’s
profitability and corporate image are increased continuously.
In 2007, the Company will continue to focus on its long-term
strategy in the IT sector, increase investment in the expansion of sales service network as well as research and
development. In the property development sector, the Company will continue to utilize its current resources to
maximize its profitability. In the culture and media sector, the Company will build on a steady development base and
seek to become the leading force in the new media business in the Chinese culture and media industry.
1. PROPERTY INVESTMENT AND DEVELOPMENT
Industry Overview
As the economy in China is experiencing rapid growth, the
consumer market based on accumulated wealth is having
strong demand for real estate, and the extent of the public
attention to the real estate market is also increasing. Due to
imbalance in the market’s supply and demand, and the lack of
guidance by the national housing policy, the real estate prices
have surged up vigorously which has triggered government
interventions. Such interventions have brought about market
uncertainty, which leads the property developers to facing
certain risks.
As the Chinese government intensifies macroeconomic
regulations, the time to establish a new order for the property
industry has arrived. Under the circumstances of starting the change of property development strategy in China from
property policy back to public policy, the property sector in 2007 can be interpreted as on the brink of reform.
Therefore, 2007 will be a year of implementation of policy guidance, and the whole property industry will develop in
a rational direction.
Even though the Chinese government’s regulatory efforts to curb housing prices through economically affordable
housing expansion will impact the market to a certain extent, the demand for mid-to-high-end residential properties
will maintain a steady upward trend, driven particularly by strong demand in medium and large cities. The Company’s
strategy is to develop high return products in China’s property market, targeting at the new middle class in the cities
by offering them high quality residences with high price/performance ratio.
Project Overview
In the past year, the Company used professional marketing strategies,
comprehensively developed a property flagship project – The Peninsula
which is located in Shekou, Shenzhen. The first phase was launched
for sale in February 2006. All 1,012 units having total saleable area
of approximately 140,000 m2 were sold out in five days. With an
average selling price of approximately RMB11,500 per m2
 having the
total sale proceeds of RMB1,500,000,000. On 20 December 2006,
units of the first phase were delivered as scheduled, and the
occupation rate was above 96%. The property’s performance in the
second-hand market has reinforced the Company’s confidence in the
launch of the second phase. With the upcoming 10th anniversary
celebration of the return of sovereignty of Hong Kong, and the soon opening of the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Western
Corridor linking Shekou and the New Territories, The Peninsula project is expected to be greatly and continuously
supported by the market.
The second phase of The Peninsula will provide residential units having
the total saleable area of approximately 199,500 m2, which is expected
to be launched to the market in early 2008. While the second phase was
applying for construction permit, it coincided with the State’s housing
70/90 regulatory policy. Confronted with new challenges, the Company
was able to complete planning and design adjustments in time to fulfill
new requirements and standards, therefore, the construction works could
start on the revised schedule.
The Peninsula consists of five phases in total, with total gross floor area
of approximately 1 million m2
, which is currently the most popular property
development project in Shenzhen. It will provide 7,000 residential units
in total, and will become the new landmark of Shekou. Being one of the
three largest commercial residential development projects, The Peninsula
not only achieves new breakthrough in Shenzhen property sales but also
sets a new benchmark for future property developments. As per the recent
valuation report issued by an international renowned property valuer,
the total value of The Peninsula is RMB9,044,000,000 which provides a
strong indication that the potentiality of The Peninsula is tremendously
high. The Company’s management experience, professional skills, market
development and etc. have all been proven in the property industry. The
property brand of “Nan Hai” has been advanced further, and the property development ability of the Company has
also been well recognized by the market. Product image has firmly established the Company’s brand name foundation
in Shenzhen property market. The Company will continuously endeavour to expand and strengthen its brand influence
in the forthcoming phases of The Peninsula.
In addition, the Company has another property development project
having total gross floor area of 1.1 million m2, which is located in
the vicinity of Guanzhou New Baiyun Airport in Huadu District,
and will be developed to a mega-size international modern
residential community. The first phase construction works will start
in the third quarter of 2007. All plans are undergoing application
procedures. The project is located in the economic zone of
Guangdong Province’s key construction project “Huanan Logistic
Base” which is the centre of Guangdong’s new economic growth.
The project has been incorporated into the Guangzhou municipal
development planning, which will become a landmark complex in
new downtown Guangzhou. As per the recent valuation report
issued by an international renowned property valuer, the total value
of the project is RMB2,054,000,000 which also provides a strong
indication that the potentiality of this project is very high. The project will follow on the success and market experience
of The Peninsula in Shenzhen, to provide quality living and meticulous planning to the residents in Guangzhou. The
project is expected to provide positive social benefits and substantial return on investment for the Company.
Outlook
Given the rapid growth of the property market in China, the Company’s outlook
is boundless. The Company sets an objective of achieving the completion of
construction and launching for sale of one phase each year from 2008, for
both The Peninsula and the Guangzhou project. As a result, the Company’s
sales revenue is expected to increase significantly in 2008. The Company’s
management is focusing on expanding the number of development projects
for maintaining steady and strong revenue in the property development sector.
The Company will continue to develop in the high potential property market in
China, increase its market share, and achieve its strategic development objective
of establishing a national property brand name.
2. SHAREHOLDING BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Corporate IT Application Services
In 2006, the Company has maintained steady and rapid growth in the IT sector through an IT group formed by CE
Dongli and Xinnet which are subsidiaries of Sino-i. The Company keeps on rapid growth in business in the IT application
services market. It is not only having a strengthened client base in the application service market but also dominating
majority market share in China. Having substantial headway in the e-commerce sector, which has further solidified
Sino-i’s leadership position in the IT application services sector.
CE Dongli is one of the top five IT outsourcing corporations in China, competing with multinational corporations such
as IBM, HP, CSC and EDS. IT industry is expected to grow rapidly in China, CE Dongli believes that it is well poised to
grasp the market opportunity, and continuing to achieve remarkable success in the years to come. According to IDC
report, CE Dongli was ranked the 6th largest IT corporation in China in the second half of 2006 (it was at 10th place
in 2005). For a corporation focusing on small and medium enterprise application services to receive this distinguished
ranking, it proves that Sino-i’s “IT application services business model” in China has been recognized by the market.
Financial Information Services
In the past year, 北京世華國際金融信息有限公司 (Beijing Shihua International Financial Information Company Limited)
(“Shihua”), a Sino-i’s subsidiary, dominated market share in financial information service market in China.
As the financial regulators in China continue to conduct
further financial reforms, a standardized market has
strengthened the Company’s efforts to enter the
market. The Company believes the market
environment will be significantly improved, and is
confident that its financial information business will
in turn achieve better performance. The Company will
observe market development closely to explore more
business opportunities.
In 2006, Shihua launched the “I-cube” dual-monitor
information terminal service, and was the first
corporation authorized by China Foreign Exchange
Trading System & National Inter-bank Funding Center
(CFETS) for providing Chinese inter-bank market data.
In 2007, Shihua will provide a comprehensive financial
information platform by using of Internet technology,
so as to enter to the equities market effectively; develop
multi-media contents based on the current resources; and provide online securities trading services. Demands from
those fund management corporations and for indices and futures information, our new information business model
will be recognized by the market, and such model might eventually transform the traditional information service
models.
Shihua will continue to establish alliances with well-known international financial information service providers and
research institutions for enhancing financial information service capabilities and becoming a driving force in the
development of financial information market in China.
Culture and Media
In 2007, the Company has through Sino-i established 廣東大地電影院㡊有限公司 (Dadi Digital Cinema Circuit Company
Limited) (“Dadi Cinema Circuit”), and set up the standards for digital cinema chain operation and management
model in China. The project was firstly launched in those secondary and tertiary cities in Guangdong province, with
state-of-the art facilities, low price cinema chain development,
and a unified operation model. It has been well received by
local residents with great success. Based on Sino-i’s intensive IT
experience, Dadi Cinema Circuit has successfully drawn on
leading IT multi-media operation technology, leading to reducing
operation costs significantly; setting a precedent in application
of digital technology in traditional cinema in China and
inaugurating a new media in cinema operation. With
professional management operation, the new cinemas may
achieve positive cash flow in the near future. Being one of the
Company’s successful new businesses, Dadi Cinema Circuit has
laid a strong foundation for the Company to develop in the
new media sector.
Distance Learning Services
In 2006, Sino-i’s subsidiary, 北京華夏大地遠程教育網絡服務有限公司
(Beijing Chinese Dadi Distance Education Company Limited) (“Chinese
Dadi”) established alliances with education departments in more than
twenty provinces and key cities, and entered into collaboration agreements
with such departments which supported Chinese Dadi to promote its
products in their respective regions. Chinese Dadi is a provider of threedimensional
online courses for the National Higher Education Self-Learning
Examination Committee. Chinese Dadi’s e-learning cards are also included
in all of the learning materials for the self-examination participants
published by the National Higher Education Self-Learning Examination
Committee. In the past year, Chinese Dadi established a comprehensive
learning support service system for providing higher quality services to
the students. Furthermore, Chinese Dadi will fully use its resources and advantages to develop a new business for
catering the increasing demand for languages learning and management by the Internet users, and to become the first
place for continuing education in China.
3. MANAGEMENT EXPANSION STRATEGY
The Company has established a stable management
foundation and a platform for growth, along with adequate
financial support for business development. No matter the
businesses of property development, IT or culture and media,
the Company will continue to invest in staff training, business
process optimization, and technology innovation etc.; to raise
the capabilities and standards; and to enhance operational
performance. The Company places emphasis on continuing
advancement in corporate governance. By means of
contemporary objective, budgetary and performance
management, the overall corporation’s management system
will be strengthened which in turn facilitates the Company’s
overall growth and development.
In order to achieve structural development, mergers and
acquisitions are the key strategies for expansion, which have
been used by the Company. In the past years, acquisitions
of CE Dongli and Xinnet etc. by Sino-i have achieved
immense success.
In the future, the Company will continue to invest resources,
both vertically and horizontally, in the property development
sector, for the purposes of enhancing its national market
presence and establishing a nationally renowned property brand name. In the sectors of corporate IT application
services, financial information services, culture and media, and distance learning services, the Company will
comprehensively integrate industry resources, rapidly expand market share, and enhance technological capabilities to
strengthen up its abilities for solidifying its market leadership position.
CONCLUSION
Stable economic development in China will lead to rapid expansion and growth in the property investment, corporate
IT application services, financial information services, culture and media, and distance learning sectors, which has
brought about new opportunities and challenges to the Company. The Company is optimistic that China economy
will continue to grow vigorously, and confident that it will benefit during the course. In the future, the Company will
seek new opportunities for further development, establish operational advantages, and enhance profitability. The
Company will focus on strengthening corporate governance, continuing to increase the level of operational efficacy
and return on investment, becoming a leading industry group, and maximizing shareholders’ value.
I would like to extend my thanks to all the shareholders, members
of the board of directors, management and all the employees
for their support, confidence and contribution. I deeply believe
that through our diligence and dedicated pursuits, the
Company’s businesses will achieve greater development with
continued growth in performance.
Yu Pun Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 19 April 2007