CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT In 2009, the Chinese government launched a number of stimulus measures to address the economic downturn. As a result, the economy steadily recovered that gave rise to a renewed wave of euphoria in the property market. The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) insisted upon the strategies adopted in recent years by raising its concerns over the property development sector; enhancing realignment to IT application services sector; and at the same time increasing investments in the sector of culture and media services, so as to achieve an all-round, coordinated and sustainable development in the context of 
I. PROPERTY INVESTMENT AND 
During the past year, the Chinese government promulgated a number of economic revival policies which made the property market to rebound promptly. In 2009, real estate across the nation recorded substantial growth in terms of sales area, sales volume and unit sales price by comparing with those in last year. This is particularly the case in the 
A moderate monetary policy will remain in place in 2010. However, the main task of the Chinese government this year lies in fighting inflation while maintaining economic growth at a steady pace, which is different from what it focused on macro- economic control in the previous year. Accordingly, the Group remains cautious but optimistic about the development of China s property market for 2010.

The sales of Phase 2 of The Peninsula was commenced in January 2009. In order to maximize the development value of the project and take into account of the sales progress, the Group has made rationalization in pricing model, launch process and sales management structure. As at 31 December 2009, over 75% of the saleable area in Phase 2 has been sold, generating a sales income of approximately RMB2,975.4 million. According to the information released on the related website by the People s Government of Shenzhen Municipality, both saleable area and sales amount of Phase 2 of The Peninsula in 2009 were the first runners-up in Shenzhen s property market. At the same time, preparatory works for Phase 3 of The Peninsula , such as site survey and construction works for provisional roads, were commenced in October 2009. Comprehensive construction works are expected to be taken place in April 2010, and the piling works test is undergoing.
Founded by the Group and located in Phase 2 of The Peninsula , the Binhai Branch of Nanshan Foreign Language School, one of the highly reputed schools in Nan Shan District, was formally inaugurated in September 2009. This school not only exerts social benefits but also significantly elevates the community value of The Peninsula .
As suggested in the outline of Shenzhen Municipal Land Use Master Plan (2006-2020) released by the People s Government of Shenzhen Municipality in December 2009, Tight control over land development is to be implemented within the Special Economic Zone (SEZ) . Not a single tract of land in SEZ will be granted for construction use within the next 10 years . Such provision has further worsened the current short supply of property in the SEZ. Given its prime location in the heart of SEZ with panoramic sea view; reputable schools; and its massive development scale having about a million sq.m., its close vicinity to the Western Corridor checkpoint and underground, and its convenient traffic, the subsequent phases of The Peninsula shall have a bright prospect.
Dongjing Xincheng in Guangzhou Dongjing Xincheng is located in the Huadu District of Guangzhou. It occupies a site area of approximately 615,250 sq.m. (approximately 922 mu) with a gross floor area of 1.03 million sq.m. of which 0.99 million sq.m. are for commercial and residential use.
Dongjing Xincheng is another important property development project of the Group.
The project made a major breakthrough in 2009.
The Group completed all land acquisition procedures in 2005, but land transfer from farmers somehow remained pending. Having the support and coordination of the local government of Huadu District, the whole land acquisition procedure was duly completed in November 2009 without any changes in the original land costs. Master planning approval in respect of the whole project has been obtained from the government. Application for construction in respect of Phases 1 and 3 covering in aggregate 350,000 sq.m. has been submitted, and construction of the Phase 1 was commenced in March 2010.
In 2009, the top three in Guangzhou s property market were Zengcheng, Huadu and Baiyun respectively, and this was the first time that the urban districts around central Guangzhou were edged out of the top three. Land resources available for development in Guangzhou s central districts are on the decline while land costs on the rise. Periphery of central Guangzhou with ample land supply at relatively low cost have increasingly become property hotspots. Being a district where land costs remain low, Huadu District demonstrates notable regional strengths. Main industries in Huadu District are such high-tech industries as automobile manufacturing, aviation-related logistics, electronic information, biotechnological and pharmaceutical manufacturing, and traditional processing industries. According to the information of Civil Aviation Resources Net of China, the new Baiyun Airport situated in Huadu District served a total of 37.04 million cumulative passenger trips in 2009, securing its position as the second busiest airport across the nation in terms of passenger throughput. The continuous development and perfection of industries in Huadu District promises Dongjing Xincheng in Guangzhou a vast expanse of 
]1uN7uP[C|tOj (Guangzhou Freeman 
In line with the brand building and marketing strategies for the Group s property project in G u a n g z h o u , ]1uN7uP[C|tOj (Guangzhou Freeman Basketball Club), a men s professional basketball club in Guangzhou, was co-organised by ]qgeW?b0W"u gPlQS (Guangzhou Dongjing Xincheng Properties Co., Ltd.), a subsidiary of the Company, and the Administration of Sports of Guangzhou Municipality in early 2009. Being the sole professional basketball club in Guangzhou, Guangzhou Freeman Basketball Club has generated strong support from the Basketball Administration Centre of China s General Administration of Sports, Chinese Basketball Association, People s Government of Guangzhou Municipality and the Administration of Sports of Guangzhou Municipality. Leveraging on the experience as well as methods of advanced sports management from abroad and the tireless efforts in developing both tournament skills and brand building, Guangzhou Freeman Basketball Team claimed the first runners-up in the National Basketball League (NBL) in September 2009, displaying their unique style and powerful potentiality. The team will provide an effective publicity support for the Group s property project in Huadu.

Property projects will be initiated in Shenzhen and Guangzhou in 2010 so that the Group can maintain a healthy and steady upward trend in financial revenue.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to focus on perfecting its strategic deployment in the property development sector, enhancing brand building and operation management so as to ensure the Group s long-term development ability.
II. SHAREHOLDING BUSINESS 
Corporate IT Application Services In 2009, CE Dongli Technology Group Company Limited ( CE Dongli ), a subsidiary of the Company, successfully launched a new generation of platform product for network sales. Due to the powerful functions, excellent performance and SaaS-based operating services model of this product, CE Dongli has set a new standard for the industry and strengthened its leading position in the e-commerce market of SMEs. In 2009, CE Dongli proposed a new 10-year corporate development strategy aiming at building up a localized commerce and services network covering 300 cities across China in the next 10 years. Through face to face consultation services, it will provide a one-stop integrated corporate informatization solution to corporate clients on an informatization operating services platform, thereby enlarging customer base and promoting in-depth application of its e-commerce and informatization management. In 2010, market development for website construction, mailbox and network sales platform remain the prime target of CE Dongli and will realise wider regional market coverage.
In 2009, Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited ( Xinnet ), a subsidiary of the Company, continued to strengthen its leading position in the domestic domain name market. In 2010, new product development remains Xinnet s prime target. It will also aggressively tap into the web hosting, mailbox and virtual application markets. At the same time, it will continue to enhance the development of its agent channel by increasing the number of quality partners through extension of product lines and quality services, and to enhance the Group s value of operation in this sector.
Financial Information Services In 2009, N (Shihua Caixun) , the major service brand of SNN WOo gPlQS (Beijing Shihua International Financial Information Company Limited) ( Shihua ), a subsidiary of the Company, cooperated with major stock exchanges around the world, and has become the first financial information provider in China with official authorization from various international stock exchanges. Through continuous improvement to its contents and upgrading of its operation efficiency, Caixun.com , another brand of Shihua, also realized a three-fold increase in its visitor count, and helped Shihua expand its professional advantages in institutional market to the general public market.
As China s financial market is still immature, and a great number of financial institutions reduced their information services expenditures in 2009. Therefore, it takes time for the Group to turn around its business in this sector.
Distance Learning Education Services In 2009, SNY'Y0W zYe}a} gR gPlQS (Beijing Chinese Dadi Distance Education Company Limited) ( Chinese Dadi ), a subsidiary of the Company, increased the sign-up rate of new members and doubled the number of B2C purchasing members by means of its improved sales and marketing methods, and expected that the conversion rate to pay-members would increase steadily. In 2010, Chinese Dadi will continue to focus on the individual learning and group learning markets, upgrading the services of the website and strengthening its 
Culture and Media Sector 
In 2009, further to the Plan to Adjust and Reinvigorate Top Ten Industries , the Chinese government announced another important strategy Plan to Adjust and Reinvigorate Culture Industry , a significant move in industry planning by the Chinese government since the founding of the republic 60 years ago. The promulgation of such plan bears significance in promoting the rapid development of the culture industry in China.
According to the information of www.china.com.cn, in 2009, film industry in China continued its strong growth trend, grossing RMB6.206 billion at the nationwide box office, representing a 42.96% growth compared with the corresponding period last year. There were approximately 1,687 cinemas and approximately 4,723 screens across China. Referring to the information of DMCC of The State Administration of Radio Film and Television (www.dmcc.gov.cn) for the period ended 31 October 2009, there were approximately 1,500 2K digital screens in which approximately 500 screens were digital 3D, reflecting a significant increase in cinema digitalization. Digital cable television in China has spread nationwide from local trial points while cable operators have gradually positioned themselves as integrated services providers.
In 2009, there was an increasingly growing trend of cross infiltration and integration between traditional television system and new media such as internet and mobile terminal. A new economic growth point has been gradually emerging in the multimedia industry. In January 2010, speeding up the integration of telecommunication network, TV broadcasting network and internet, and proposing a schedule for the integration of the trio in phases were resolved in routine meeting of the State Council.

In 2009, the Company further strengthened the construction of fully digital cinemas in the second and third tier cities and towns across China through its subsidiary, Dadi Media (HK) Limited ( Dadi ).
Up to 28 February 2010, Dadi had 48 full digital cinemas completed and operating with 161 screens and 32,539 seats. Meanwhile, there are 22 cinemas with 106 screens and 15,975 seats have been constructed and ready for operation. The Group has become one of the fastest growing investors of cinema construction. In the meantime, the Group emphasized the research and development of technology in the course of investment and construction of digital cinemas, as a result, it had a series of fruitful outcomes, and applied patents for a number of related technologies including, Dadi and Peking University jointly developed the prototype of JPEG2000 Filming Showing Server, it was the first film showing server having full intellectual property rights in China, and its definition and colour performance attained to the same level as those products produced by other foreign countries. In 2010, the Group will continue to beef up and accelerate the investment and expansion of the construction of digital cinemas.
While investing in construction of cinema and accelerating the overall arrangement for digital cinema, in 2009, the film business of the Group was at a stage of stable development with the successful release of the epic movie Confucius .
In 2009, the Group acquired Chinese Media Net, Inc.
( CMN ), having its headquarters in New York, USA.
CMN has multiple media platforms such as Duo Wei Times, Duowei Life Weekly and dwnews.com, and has set up various branches in the eastern and western coasts of the United States, having wide circulation among the Chinese communities in New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, Washington DC, Los Angeles and 
Notwithstanding the economic crisis, the Group remained adamant in its investment in technology R&D and management, and strengthened and sharpened its leading edge in IT application services operation and basic software development sectors through its subsidiaries SN-NOnOobS g PlQS (Beijing CE Open Source Software Co., Ltd.) ( CE Open ) and SN}eNNbS gPlQS (Redflag 2000 Software Co. Ltd.) ( Redflag 2000 ).
Core technology abilities such as basic and application technologies have been strengthened continuously, and the abilities in managing technology R&D, product development and services operation have also 
Based on the in-depth research and understanding about the actual needs of the customers, CE Open kept improving and enhancing users experience, and has gradually finalized a comprehensive solution for the industry and application based on software services operating model; and built up a customer-oriented, self-fulfilled service and security management system that achieved international standards. Meanwhile, breakthroughs are made in such technology areas as cloud computing and cloud storage platform, distributed file system, virtual computing, storage virtualization, cloud operating system, distributed middleware and database cluster etc.. Quality and efficiency of the operating services are enhanced while operating costs are effectively 
In addition to the on-going upgrading of functions, performance and compatibility of office software, Redflag 2000 has been actively exploring and innovating business model, and has launched the browser-based online office software and rolled out the promotion of IT application services. Through the strategy of resources integration, Redflag 2000 has preliminarily determined the direction for synchronized development of domestic software and hardware.
In the coming year, the Group will further enhance and deepen the cooperation with governmental departments, capitalizing on the opportunities arising from the development trend of service-specific software, and position itself as the market leader in the SaaS industry.
III. MANAGEMENT AND EXPANSION 
During the past year, based on its existing core business network and management style, the Group persistently, actively and efficiently conducted adjustments and expansion in response to the changes in macro economic environment and government policy adjustments. Through business expansion, resources integration, talent retention, technology innovation, standardized management and cost control, the Group has gradually perfected such system construction as objective management, budget management and performance assessment appraisal system, and improved the overall governance of the Group and the competitive advantages of all core businesses. In addition, the Group has, through mergers and acquisitions, gradually realised effective strategic expansion and structural growth; had adequate cash flows backup; setup a sustainable growth platform and a perfect and stable management foundation. It includes: 1. In 2009, the Group grasped the opportunities emerge in the property development sector, through tightening the control on the pace of investment, it has effectively procured the construction of the property projects in Shenzhen and Guangzhou. With the good sales performance of the Phase 2 of the project in Shenzhen, and by enhancing brand image continuously, which have laid a solid foundation for future development.
2. In the corporate IT application services and culture and media sectors, by actively adjusting its business and expanding its market, leveraging on state-of-the-art technologies and its strength in operation services, the Group has been optimizing and consolidating the customer base and product structure. And, by adapting to the market environment and government policy adjustments, the Group has enhanced the core competitive advantages and economies of scale in each business sector so as to maintain the stability of economic growth.
Meanwhile, the Group continued to pursue its strategic expansion and structural growth, and succeeded in realizing investment value maximization through mergers and acquisitions.
3. Continuously strengthened its financial control, perfected core business management process and internal control system, and improved cost management and control.
4. Based on the principle of standardization, simplicity and efficiency, the Company has streamlined and rationalized organizational structure of itself and its subsidiaries; and has adjusted the positions, systems and hierarchies in its subsidiaries. With the above actions, the Group has effectively integrated its development strategy with organizational structure, position setup and staff management, thus establishing a foundation to implement the Group s development strategy.
5. Through adjustment and perfection of the internal management system, the Group could adopt a more scientific, standardize and efficient approach in operating and managing its subsidiaries and resource management.
In addition, with a comprehensive objective management and performance appraisal system in place, the Group has considerably motivated its employees and elevated their creativity, which increased its competitive advantage in attracting and retaining high-calibre workforce.

The rapid development in China s property investment, corporate IT application services and culture and media services was driven by the overall development of the economy of China. In 2010, the Group will continue to adhere to the concept of stable development, to generate constant and stable cash flow support through controlling the development pace and expansion of property development projects, and will place more effort in brand building as well as sales and marketing to enhance the public awareness of the Group s projects. In addition, in order to increase the revenue to be generated by the projects, the Group will adopt scientific and stringent approach in flow control to strengthen cost control, but at the same time, preserving the premium quality of products. Meanwhile, the Group will keep focusing on the development and innovation in IT application services sector, continue to launch and perfect the competitive products and services, and will leverage on its existing foundation in the market and advantage in scale to enhance its business operation ability and profitability. In order to enhance its economies of scale, the Group will enlarge and accelerate its expansion in culture and media sectors; and in building up its core business ability and enlarging its scale.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 1 April 2010 