Chairman s Statement I have pleasure to report to the 
The audited profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2013 increased by 23.1% to HK$23.04 billion. Basic earnings per share were HK$2.82, an increase of 23.1%. Total shareholders funds increased by 26.0% to HK$109.97 billion. Net assets per share were HK$13.5, an increase of 26.2% on 2012, and average return on shareholders funds reached 23.4%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK29 cents per share for year 
Hao Jian Min Chairman and Chief Executive Officer the Board is confident about the prospects for the Group. in the past 12 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 41.7% in its net profit. strong profit growth has been sustained despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector for the past five years. 2014 is expected to be complex and ever-changing as affected by the unfavourable global political and economic environment. the Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation.
Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. ( Na_{L |{ ). the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation and is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced growth.
1. BusinEss rEviEW The world economy remained complicated and fast changing in 2013. Economic recovery was slow for the advanced countries in the West; economic development in Japan showed little improvement even with mega quantitative easing measures; geopolitical problems in the Middle East and Asia elevated risks in the global economy; the US Federal Reserve s plan for tapering the current quantitative easing programme has brought turbulence to global financial markets; there were clear signs of capital outflow from the emerging markets, thus increasing the economic downside risks. Amid the volatile economic environment and sluggish economic growth abroad, the Chinese Central Government continued to adopt proactive financial policies and prudent monetary policies while pushing ahead with increased investment in infrastructure, structural adjustments and the reduction of overcapacity. Foreign trade in China showed no sign of improvement while the CPI continued to drop. Weak momentum in the economy resulted in an annual economic growth rate of 7.7%, slightly above the target of 7.5%. The economic slowdown in Europe, the United States and China meant that economic growth in Hong Kong and Macau was mild.
The mainland continued to deploy stringent regulatory measures towards the property market in 2013. Even though liquidity was a bit tight, strong underlying demand led to a satisfactory level of total sales in the mainland property market for the year. There was a remarkable rise in house prices in some cities and the land market was heated. The industry showed greater polarisation and consolidation with increasing market concentration as brand developers performed better.
With the slowdown in the domestic economy and liquidity tightened further in the fourth quarter, real estate financing became more difficult and expensive.
Accordingly, sentiment in land transactions and housing sales cooled from its earlier strength.
Amid the normalisation of austerity measures and a highly competitive market environment, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its sales and profits in 2013. Turnover increased by about 27.7% to HK$82.47 billion and net profits increased by 23.1% to HK$23.18 billion for the year. The profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased by 23.1% to HK$23.04 billion, of which HK$2.62 billion of profit after tax was related to the increase in the fair value of the investment property portfolio. Also, there was fair value remeasurement of the Group s previously held equity interests in three projects immediately prior to acquisition of certain interests of these projects from the real estate fund amounting to HK$1.46 billion. The Group hence recorded an increase of 20.0% in its core profit to HK$18.96 billion. The Board is pleased to report to the shareholders of the Company that the consolidated net profit of the Company increased by more than 20% in each of the past 11 years (2003 2013). Over the past five years (2009 2013), the net profit attributable to shareholders has increased at a compound growth rate of 34.7% per annum while the average return on shareholders funds reached 23.4%.

In 2013, the target for contracted sales of properties, which was raised to HK$120 billion in August, was exceeded for another record high. Total sales of properties (including sales by joint ventures and associated companies) amounted to HK$138.52 billion, while the corresponding area sold was 9.23 million sq m. There was a cash inflow of HK$120.4 billion from sales for the Group and the joint ventures, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.2%. The pre-sales deposits for the Group and the joint ventures were HK$66.88 billion as at the end of 2013, an increase of 15.0% compared with the previous year.
In 2013, as a result of accurate judgment of market changes, targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as the China Overseas Property branding advantage, solid results were achieved in the mainland property development sector with contracted sales of HK$136.94 billion in 2013.
As the Hong Kong Government strengthened regulation of the property market and promulgated Buyer s Stamp Duty and Special Stamp Duty, the property market in Hong Kong has entered an adjustment period, which led to a sharp drop in the number of transactions. Sales for Hong Kong and Macau for the year amounted to only HK$1.58 billion.
The turnover of the Group increased by 27.7% to HK$82.47 billion. (If the turnover of the joint ventures attributable to the Group is taken into account, the total amount increased to HK$100.47 billion, an increase of 29.0% compared with last year.) During the year, development of property (including by joint ventures) with aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of about 8.38 million sq m was completed. The value of sales for these projects recognised as the Group s turnover in 2013 was HK$60.87 billion. Furthermore, the level of sales of properties completed as at the end of 2012 by the Group, was satisfactory with about 910,000 sq m sold for approximately HK$17.74 billion. Hence, the turnover for property development increased by 28.0% to HK$78.61 billion. The turnover for mainland property development amounted to HK$73.53 billion, an increase of 23.7%. Its gross profit margin for property development projects held steady at a satisfactory and market-leading level, while operating profit increased to HK$22.02 billion. The turnover for Hong Kong and Macau amounted to HK$5.08 billion and the operating profit was HK$1.52 
Unipark in Jinan was completed, adding about 60,000 sq m of completed investment properties to the Group for a total of 600,000 sq m in Hong Kong, Macau and the mainland as at the end of 2013. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$860 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 48.3%; profit for the segment amounted to HK$4.20 billion, which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$3.44 billion (net income after deferred tax of 
The Group continued to follow the land market closely, in order to explore opportunities for the acquisition and exploitation of prime land resources.
In each case, after taking account of the economic environment, trends and liquidity in the property market, funding and development capabilities, the land reserve on hand and the quality and cost, a decision of whether to acquire land is made. Mainly because of its positive view towards the mainland property market, in the fourth quarter of the year, the Group stepped up its land acquisition efforts. During the year, 23 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (excluding China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited COGO ) in 16 cities in mainland China, including the newly entered Harbin, Fuzhou and Wuxi. These land parcels provided an aggregate GFA of 12.03 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of 11.60 million sq m).
COGO acquired 13 land parcels in eight mainland cities and added GFA of 4.56 million sq m of land to its land reserve.
During 2013, the Group also purchased two parcels of land (under the Hong Kong Property for Hong Kong People measure) in the former Kai Tak Airport, with GFA of 81,780 sq m, for a total consideration of about 
As at 31 December 2013, the Group had a total land reserve of about 38.77 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of about 36.41 million sq m) in 29 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau; COGO had a total land reserve of 11.66 million sq m (attributable interest of 10.38 million sq m).

The Group continued to enhance financial resources and optimise its debt structure. HK$6.25 billion was raised by way of unilateral loan arrangements with several banks in Hong Kong. In end June, a HK$5.75 billion bridging loan was arranged with four banks in Hong Kong to fund the acquisition of the two land parcels under the Hong Kong Property for Hong Kong People measure. The Group undertook a bond issuance in October that raised US$1.5 billion. We had a limited number of fundraising activities in mainland China and raised only RMB2.61 billion in 2013 mainly to pay off matured bank loans. The Group raised HK$26.79 billion in 2013. After deducting the repayment of matured bank loans due, the net amount raised for the year was HK$13.64 billion. A cash inflow from sales of about HK$94.74 billion was recorded for the year and together with the net amount raised by financing and the net cash inflow of HK$7.0 billion from joint ventures, the Group had more than sufficient funds to meet its requirements, including major expenditures of HK$58.01 billion for land premiums, HK$32.22 billion for construction costs and HK$21.43 billion for tax, sales and distribution, administrative and finance 
As at the end of December 2013, outstanding borrowings and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$40.01 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to HK$8.76 billion) and about HK$32.69 billion (US$4.25 billion) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$41.48 billion (not including cash held by joint ventures amounting to approximately HK$13.2 billion); shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$87.24 billion to HK$109.97 billion; and the net gearing of the Group increased from 20.5% at the end of last year to about 28.4%, a very healthy level taking into consideration the substantial increase in land acquisitions in the fourth quarter.
In February, the Company was awarded a BBB+Stable investment credit rating by Fitch Ratings. Subsequently, the investment grade rating issued by Moody s was upgraded to Baa1Stable while that of Standard & Poor s was upgraded to BBB+Stable. This reflects market recognition of the Group s solid and stable financial profile and its market-leading status. In October, for the second time, 30-year long-term bonds were issued, an achievement that reflected the confidence of the capital markets in the long-term business development of the Group.

The Group continues to enter new cities every year.
Talent at all levels is always in great demand. The Group faces challenges in building and conserving its human resources. After assiduous promotion in recent years, the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have developed into well-respected human resource brands in the mainland property industry.
Staff recruited through these two schemes have steadily become an important element supporting the sustainable and stable development of the Group. In 2013, more than 350 outstanding graduates from leading universities in China were recruited through the Sons of the Sea scheme and more than 540 talented staff joined through the Sea s Recruits scheme. This recruitment of plentiful human resources effectively met our demand for new staff.

The Board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over the past few years, the Group has actively enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk 
The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well-regulated, formal and branded system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community 
Over the years, by providing resources and facilities to the China Overseas Hope Schools, the Group has greatly enhanced the education environment and capabilities in those localities. With the completion for use of the China Overseas Majin Hope School in Quzhou City, Zhejiang Province, a total of eight China Overseas Hope Schools have been duly delivered.
The Group continued to apply environmental protection and energy conservation concepts such as low carbon and green construction across its corporate development strategy, as well as to the design and construction of its property projects. The aim is to help build a greener society and ensure a healthy living environment that enables sustainability in the natural environment in and around our projects.
The Company is again a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

In 2013, the Group received numerous awards. The Company was acknowledged as number one among The Top 50 China Real Estate Enterprises by Brand Value . China Overseas Property was acknowledged as the Leading Brands of China Real Estate Companies for the tenth consecutive year, ranking first in the property sector with a brand value of RMB29.77 billion. For 10 years in a row, leveraging its excellent performance, the Company has been voted the number one China Blue Chip Real Estate developer. China Overseas Property projects are recognised for its excellence in quality, design and management and three Zhan Tianyou (y)YQO) awards were received in 2013.

It is expected that the various stimulus measures launched by the advanced countries of Europe, the United States and Japan will remain in place in 2014.
The US quantitative measures tapering will intensify volatility in the global financial markets while the threat of asset bubbles and inflationary pressure in emerging markets persists. There will be some improvement in United States economic growth and the euro sovereign debt crisis, but economic growth globally will be mild. For most enterprises, 2014 will remain a challenging year. The Group will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by any change in the international economic environment and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
In order to keep the economy on a healthy, balanced and sustainable track, and under the strategy of combating inflation and moving ahead with structural reform, the Chinese government is determined to adopt a prudent monetary policy. Liquidity in the financial markets will tend to be tight amid financial market reform and deleveraging. This in turn may have a short-term effect on economic growth momentum. And the slowdown in economic growth in China may add uncertainty to the global growth 
The outstanding performance of the Group in 2013 amply demonstrated the Group s excellent operational capabilities and brand advantages. The Group is prudently optimistic about the mainland China property market in 2014. It is expected that the tough restrictive policies will likely remain in place for 2014 but the government may implement fiscal and tax reform in lieu of administrative means to get the market back on track. With the effective suppression of speculation and investment as well as the appropriate consolidation of the property industry, the PRC property market is expected to remain stable in 2014 and the whole industry presents both challenges and opportunities. The Group will take full advantage of its sound financial structure and diversified financing channels to actively increase financial resources and to seize investment opportunities including the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. While maintaining suitable precautions against risk, the Group will actively seek market opportunities to ensure sustainable growth, increase its market share and consolidate its leading status in the property industry. Hence, the Group is fully confident and capable of delivering a good performance even amid the normalisation of 
To accelerate sales, it is expected that property developers in Hong Kong and Macau will launch some short-term measures in response to the regulatory measures implemented by the government.
The secondary property market will remain relatively slow. The Group will still seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and 
The Group holds to its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{ L |{). It strictly adheres to its undertakings and conducts business with complete integrity and seeks progress amid stability (iz-NBl2). The Group will also hold to its philosophy of practising professionalism in Each and every detail of each and every project (N z|T jj|T), in order to develop premium projects in the middle to high-end segments and to win the trust and respect of the market. It is not easy to maintain sustainable growth with the scale of the sales exceeding HK$100 billion every year. The Group recognises that the brand of an enterprise is its most valuable intangible asset and a vital competitive tool. Hence it firmly follows the operating philosophy of A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care (|0}O TLr}q) in order to reinforce the elite image of China Overseas Property products. The Group tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each stands out and sets the pace among high-end products in the area. Through the successful launch of many high-quality, value-for- money projects in and outside China, the China Overseas Property brand is further enhanced. The brand reflects the culture of an organisation and in the case of the Company that includes the pursuit of high- quality products by China Overseas Property and the mission of providing products with value beyond the cost through continuous innovation. Branding is one of the Group s primary and effective competitive edges. A strong brand engenders trust among customers, who will pay a higher premium for a quality-assured product. Therefore, enhancement of product quality and branding is effective in mitigating the effects of lower home prices, and reducing marketing costs. By operating under such a highly regarded brand the Group is able to earn higher profits than its peers and facilitate the Group s pursuit of its long term goal of becoming an evergreen enterprise.
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and control the pace of its project development and sales appropriately. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets and ensure sustainable growth in the scale and profitability of its operations. Taking also into account the market situation, it is planned that in 2014, the Group will commence development of an additional GFA of 12 million sq m, bringing the total area under development to a peak level of 30 million sq m; it is targeted that projects (include the joint ventures) with GFA of 10 million sq m will be completed and contracted sales (include the joint ventures and COGO) of not less than HK$140 billion will be achieved.
The Group will take advantage of the synergy generated by the highly respected China Overseas Property brand in the high-end sector of the mainland China property market to ensure the successful sales of the luxury projects in Hong Kong and Macau. The Group will focus on promoting the smooth development and presale of The Nova project in Sai Ying Pun and of The Carat project in Macau.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resource allocation for short-term and long-term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns and to enhance its capability to balance market risk. In the long term, the Group will work towards securing a profit contribution from investment property of over 20% of total profit.
Currently, the total area of commercial property under development and yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 4 million sq m. About 50% will be completed before 2015.

The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead.
Taking into account the cash inflow from its sales, the Group will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and capture opportunities offered by market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve, to firmly execute its prudent land policies. It is intended that the Group will enter three or four new cities in 2014 and the replenishment of its land reserve will be not less than 10 million sq m in GFA.
Up to the end of February, 2014, the Group (excluding COGO) has in 2014 acquired seven parcels of land in seven mainland cities with a total GFA of 5.29 million sq m while COGO has acquired four parcels of land in four mainland cities with a total GFA of 2.70 million sq m.

The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint venture cooperation and mergers and acquisitions. The profit and cash flow contribution from joint ventures was significant in 2013. At the end of 2013, the amount invested by the Group in the joint ventures had been reduced to HK$13.63 billion. The profit contribution from joint ventures in 2013 showed a remarkable improvement of 27.7% to HK$2.94 billion. COGO is an associated company of the Group that focuses on third-tier mainland cities and is expected to develop rapidly in the coming years, effectively complementing the business of China Overseas Property. COGO recorded sales of HK$17.22 billion, a turnover of HK$15.91 billion and a net profit of HK$3.38 billion for the year 2013. After adjusting for the profit booked by the Group when control of COGO was acquired in 2010, the Group shared a net profit of about HK$830 
The real estate fund established by the Group in 2010 has been dissolved subsequent to the repurchase of all the three projects participated by the fund in May. The details of the repurchase can be found in the announcement made by the Company on 28 May 
The Company announced on 5 August 2013 the intention of the controlling shareholder, China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited ( CSCECL ), to inject certain China property businesses into the Group. The Company also announced on 28 January 2014 the transitional arrangement for the operation and management of all the businesses intended to be injected entrusted to the Company. The Group will continue to negotiate actively with CSCECL on the implementation of the asset injection and will inform shareholders of the Company timely of any major development. Please refer to the two relevant announcements for more details on the asset injection and entrustment.
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management and will increase the speed with which it collects the proceeds of sales. The Group will tightly control its sales and marketing, administration and financial expenses and stick firmly to the principle of Cash is king. Receipts determine payments (sps N6e[e). While the Group has only about HK$3.3 billion of bank loans due in 2014 and the pressure on refinancing for the Group as a whole is light, it will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international and Hong Kong financial markets. To safeguard capacity, and hence ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business development, the Group will speed up asset turnover, improve its debt structure and enhance its ability to protect its resources, as tapering of quantitative easing measures continues and the current low-interest environment sees further 
The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group and its capabilities. In the past 12 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 41.7% in its net profit. Despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector, the Group was able to overcome obstacles, maintain sustainable development and beat operational targets, and still achieved compound annual growth of 34.7% in its net profit for the past five years, demonstrating the Group s strength and brand advantage. The coming year, 2014, is expected to be complex and ever- changing as affected by the unfavourable global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. (Na_{L |{ ) With its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation. The Group is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced 
The Group continues to endeavour to develop itself into an evergreen enterprise. The Group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, a good working atmosphere and motivation for staff. The Group is committed to aligning individual success with the core values of the long-term development of the Group by upholding integrity, creativity, pragmatism, and perfection. The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and 
