CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT
Dear Shareholders,
On behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 December
2016. The Group’s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2016,
before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties, was HK$3,671
million, representing an increase of 5% compared with HK$3,481 million reported for 2015. Profit attributable to
shareholders for the year, after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties,
was HK$6,537 million (2015: HK$5,530 million). Earnings per share for the year were HK$4.53, up 18% compared
with HK$3.83 per share as recorded in 2015.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.8 per share for the year. Together with the interim
dividend of HK$0.3 per share, the total cash dividend for the year will be HK$1.1 per share (2015: HK$0.9 per share).
Meeting Challenges to Deliver Growth
The Group achieved significant growth in 2016, recording the highest property sales in its history. Our portfolio of
investment properties also generated its highest rental income to date. This set of outstanding results is attributable
to our relentless efforts in building up our prime property portfolio, with a balanced strategy in sales and leasing.
We believe this strategy will position the Group well for sustained growth.
A subdued global recovery, slowing trade, and ongoing realignments in the Mainland have continued to weigh on
the world economy. As a result, the general economic climate will be weaker than expected last year. Despite these
headwinds for development, the Group will proactively face the challenges and seize every opportunity to capitalize
on our development and rental properties.
Property Market Demand Remains Resilient
China’s ongoing economic growth is projected to follow a “L-shaped” path, as the country is headed for a slow
recovery after experiencing a period of contraction. Progress has been made in the country’s economic development
and its structural reform.
The growth momentum in the Mainland’s domestic market remains strong, supported by various energizing
alternatives. The real estate sector, as one of the economic pillars and growth engines of the Chinese economy, is
still showing solid fundamentals. However, the property market has shown signs of easing after restrictive measures
on property purchases were reimposed in October 2016.
Hong Kong also introduced a new round of restrictive measures in November 2016 to address the overheated
residential property market, including the raising of the stamp duties. The measures have had a mild cooling effect
on property purchases, while the market continues to be driven by solid demand. Overall, the housing market
remains undersupplied.
Parallel Development and Stable Progress
The Group will continue with active property sales in the coming year. In Hong Kong, the sales of Mantin Heights and
The Bloomsway are underway. Sales momentum in the Mainland also remains robust with the continuing launches in
Nanjing, Nanchang, Shenyang and Hangzhou. We expect to achieve solid sale performances in these two markets.
Investment properties also continue to be a steadily growing recurrent income stream. The Group will strive to
enhance its asset management so as to add further value to the portfolio.
The coming year will witness the full commissioning of Hangzhou Kerry Centre. Our management team will exert
its best efforts to improve the project’s tenant mix and to enhance its overall management, aiming to generate a
higher rental income from this property.
Pursuing Sound Investment Opportunities
We will continue to explore opportunities to acquire land with a focus on first-tier cities. The Group has acquired
two sites in Qianhai, Shenzhen, over the last two years. We would expect a very desirable synergistic effect from
their joint development. The projects are advantageously situated in a core seafront location in the Qianhai Special
Zone, where we plan to build an innovative mixed-use development incorporating our premier green concepts.
The low-density premium residential project at Beacon Hill will be the highlight of our developments in Hong Kong.
The Group acquired an additional site adjacent to our existing Beacon Hill residential project last year. The two
adjoining lots are situated in an exclusive locale, where the Group aims to build prestigious residences that deliver
ultimate living quality.
An Elite Team to Ensure Continuing Success
The Group’s training programme is constantly enhancing the management skill of staff. Following the completion
of our major projects, we will maintain an elite team who will continue to ensure improvements in work flow and
cost efficiency in the prevailing challenging market conditions.
The Group spares no effort in creating a fulfilling workplace that brings out our staff members’ potential, their
sense of belonging and high morale. We also encourage our staff to learn, to improve and to innovate.
Creating a Sustainable Future
The Group integrates considerations for the society’s sustainable development into all its business decisions.
By doing so, we share our responsibility for future generations. Beijing Kerry Centre’s LEED (Existing Buildings:
Operations & Maintenance) Platinum Certification by the U.S. Green Building Council is a prime example of
our green commitments. Building on nearly two decades of the property’s presence in the community, the
Group is delighted to see the complex become the world’s oldest LEED EBOM-certified mixed-use development.
To meet the certification requirements, the professional judging panel identified key differentiators including
water efficiency, energy and environmental management; use of materials and resources; quality of indoor
environment; and innovation in operation to enhance the development’s overall performance in sustainability and
operational efficiency. We are proud of receiving this esteemed recognition, which reflects our continued efforts in
implementing sustainable practices throughout our real estate portfolio.
As part of our commitment to green building and sustainable designs, we look forward to driving the adoption of
appropriate environmental standards in ongoing project developments. We pledge to contribute to a sustainable
society by embracing sustainable business practices.
The Group will continue to operate with a set of core values that emphasizes ethical governance, pursuit of
excellence, and efficient management. With a proven strategy for risk management, we are well positioned to
develop and to face all future challenges.
Finally, on behalf of the Board, I would like to express my appreciation to the management team and all staff members
for their diligent and passionate work, as well as to all business partners for their steadfast support. In collaboration
with them, the Group is able to continually explore new business opportunities and score excellent results.
Sincerely,
Wong Siu Kong
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 17 March 2017