CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Mr Wong Siu Kong 
on behalf of the Board, I am delighted to report the annual results of the Group for the year ended 31 december 2014. The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 december 2014, before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties, was HK$4,384 million, representing a decrease of 1% compared with HK$4,413 million reported for 2013. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year, after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties, was HK$6,774 million (2013: HK$13,154 million). earnings per share for the year were HK$4.69, representing a decrease of 49% compared with HK$9.13 per share in 2013.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.6 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.3 per share, the total cash dividend for the year ended 31 december 2014 will be HK$0.9 per share (2013: HK$0.9 per share).
The Group continues to strengthen and leverage its management and brand leadership to deal effectively with a generally fluctuating and soft economy. Faced with cost-inflationary pressures in Hong Kong, Kerry Properties profit margin was inevitably impacted. However, the Group was able to deliver a satisfactory performance during the year on the back of a compelling brand and competitive products. After a meticulous assessment of the operating environment, the Group has made timely launches of property projects in order to achieve satisfactory sales results.
In the PRC, the Group remains focused on developing prime metropolitan mixed-use projects in first-tier cities. This will help to ensure a steady stream of recurrent rental income for the Group amidst economic instability.
Buffeted by macroeconomic headwinds and weaker investor confidence, overall property market growth moderated over the past year. Looking ahead, the rental markets for Grade-A offices in core cities in the PRC and in Hong Kong are expected to gain support from generally balanced demand and supply, with mild rental growth and stable occupancy rates expected for the coming year. However, subject to an anticipated increase in the supply of Grade-A office space in major PRC cities, rental rate growth may ease in the year ahead. A relatively stable rental level is expected for Hong Kong where office supply is more balanced.
The retail sector in the PRC will likely experience greater impact as it faces up to the challenge of e-commerce. As the country is set to post a decline in luxury goods sales, retail rentals will be affected. The Hong Kong retail market has also witnessed slower overall growth despite the increase in the sales of daily necessities.
To manage the long-term development of our retail and commercial property portfolio, we will further our support for retail tenants so as to stay on top of prevailing market trends. The Group is alert to the rapid development of the Internet in the PRC, and has maintained close contacts with online transaction service providers and tenants, with a view to exploring new collaboration opportunities. such new initiatives may include engaging online channels for more diversified promotion of tenants.
out of the burgeoning PRC middle class we are now seeing the emergence of a younger generation of sophisticated consumers who are causing a shift in consumption dynamics within the market. This group s growing importance is leading a new trend in youthful and understated luxury. In view of this, the Group is constantly adjusting its retail tenant profile to suit the everyday lifestyle and consumption requirements of these middle-class families. By integrating chic, artistic and entertainment elements into our premier shopping malls, we are turning them into venues for this new class of consumers. such tenant profile adjustments may affect the short-term rental revenue from our retail properties, but the Group believes the move will help optimize and integrate the resources put into mixed-use property developments, and is thus beneficial to the Group s long-term business development.
In January 2015, the Group acquired a commercial site in the Qianhai shenzhen-Hong Kong cooperation zone for a total consideration of RmB3.86 billion. With a site area of 32,500 square metres, the plot will yield a buildable area of 195,000 square metres. Qianhai is a major state initiative to build an economic cooperation zone by integrating the professional service strengths of Hong Kong and shenzhen with the exceptional productivity of the Pearl River delta. Kerry Properties will actively utilize its experience in the development of quality mixed-use properties and professional management to develop its Qianhai project in line with the zone s planned targets.
Adopting a prudent policy, the management team will continue to strengthen capital management. With a view to further strengthening its cash flow, the underlying principle continues to give top priority to stable cash flow generation as a major investment metric. The Group will also examine and implement measures to further its corporate management efficiency, including integrating corporate financial resources and cost savings. The Group will also ensure sufficient training resources for professionals and managers of different divisions so as to enhance the Group s long-term competitiveness and to secure sustainable, healthy development.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s Board members, the senior management team, our business partners and our colleagues for their unfailing support and dedication which continue to drive the Group s 
Wong Siu Kong 
Hong Kong, 18 march 2015 