After years of efforts, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) have established its strategic presence with diversified core businesses. Property development, culture and media, and corporate IT application services are now the Group s focuses. The Group has not only strengthened its competitiveness in the business segments but also built up its overall anti-risk ability. In 2012, the Group continued to implement its internal rationalization and reduce its costs and expenses, which led to an improvement in its loss making position.
However, due to the impacts from both the macro- economic environment and challenges faced by different phases of its businesses, overall operating income of the Group decreased to a certain extent, so its loss position has yet been turned around.
For the year ended 31 December 2012, net loss attributable to owners of the Company was approximately HK$346.1 million, a decrease of approximately 30% over 
I. PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT During the year, Phase 1 of Free Man Garden in Guangzhou was launched in May, and 78% of the units launched to the market for pre-sale were sold.
The average selling price was relatively higher than those of other projects in its neighborhood, therefore, satisfactory results were achieved.
However, pursuant to the accounting standard, pre- sale income from this project has yet been recognized as operating income for 2012, therefore, the property development segment remains in a loss 
During the year, the Group disposed of 30% issued share capital of Listar Properties Limited, the holding company of Free Man Garden , and the proceeds of the disposal were used for settlement of part of 
The Peninsula Project In 2012, governments at various levels in China stepped up their measures to control property market. Speculative activities in the property sector have been scotched and hammered, and the market gradually rationalized. The new central leadership proposed the stately objective of doubling the nation s GDP, which may also be seen as a considerable support to the domestic property market in China. In light of this, the Group is cautiously optimistic towards the future of the 
The commencement of development of Phase 3 of The Peninsula project had been deferred by certain litigations, but those litigations achieved positive determinant progress. In addition to the withdrawal of petition in a litigation by the plaintiff as disclosed in the 2012 interim report of the Group, the Guangdong People s High Court has ruled in favour of The Peninsula project company in another litigation regarding the distribution of the advance profit of Phase 2 of The Peninsula , and the appeal application by the plaintiff made to the People s Supreme Court was also dismissed on 20 November 2012. The project company of The Peninsula instituted an administrative proceeding in respect of the planning modification of The Peninsula project, and the project company got a favourable judgment in the first trial. Final outcome of such proceeding is expected to be available in the first half of 2013. If the final judgment is in favour of the project company, the changes to the planning design of Phase 3 of The Peninsula will be implemented forthwith, and construction is anticipated to commence in the second half of 
Guangzhou Free Man Garden Project 11 residential blocks and a community centre under Phase 1 of the Free Man Garden in Guangzhou have been topped out. Exterior walls and non- delicate interior renovations have also been basically completed. The central park with an area of 100,000 sq.m. is beginning to take shape. Various divisional construction works are in progress as scheduled, and are undergoing individual inspection.
Construction inspection is expected to be completed by the end of 2013, and then owner occupation will 
Summing up the year s property market situation, with the macro-economic controls by the Chinese government remain in place, the property market bubble has been fading, and solid demand has gradually emerged. Integration of urban and rural development proposed at the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is beneficial to the Free Man Garden project. During the year, the State s flexible fiscal policies also contributed to the satisfactory result in pre-sale of the Free Man Garden project. Phase 1 of Free Man Garden project was officially launched for pre-sale in May 2012. Pre-sale permits were obtained for a total of 960 units of which 746 were sold, representing 78% of total units launched for pre-sale, contributing a contracted sales of approximately RMB748 million. Owing to some historical issues in relation to certain plots of land where the Free Man Garden project is located, which have yet been resolved by the former responsible department, the currently responsible department needs time to deal with and resolve those issues, therefore, 544 units have yet obtained pre-sale permits during the pre-sale period, which in turn indirectly has affected sales performance. The Group anticipates that all pre-sale permits for the remaining units would be obtained in the first half 
The Group will fully launch the remaining 544 units of Phase 1 of Free Man Garden project upon receipt of the pre-sale permits. Positive response to those to-be-launched units is expected from the market with an encouraging sales outlook. In the meantime, construction of Phase 2 of the Free Man Garden project has been officially commenced, with a gross floor area of approximately 181,000 sq.m., of which approximately 146,000 sq.m. is above ground, having a saleable area of approximately 141,000 sq.m. and a total of approximately 1,299 units; and approximately 35,000 sq.m. is underground which may provide approximately 1,052 parking spaces.
All construction design works have been completed, the standard construction plan has been approved, and the specific construction plan has been submitted for approval. Construction is expected to be commenced in mid 2013 so as to meet the construction conditions for pre-sale by the third quarter of 2014.
II. CULTURE AND MEDIA 2012 was a year of tremendous adjustments for the Chinese film industry and market, unfolding an unprecedented healthy scenery. The release of the film titled Lost in Thailand ( 
at the end of the year and of another one titled Journey to West: Conquering the Demons ( 
8n " MT{ 0) at the beginning of 2013 has revealed the immense potentials of the Chinese film market.
The aforesaid films achieved an accumulated box office of RMB1.26 billion and RMB1.24 billion respectively. The incredibly high return was totally out of expectation, which unveiled the industry prospects and awakened the industry participants to the Chinese film market. For Dadi group, subsidiaries of the Company, which has determined to build a new scenery in the film industry since 2006. Facing to the opportunities and changes, deliberate review and moving forward are crucial in the course of development as excellence is the fruit of diligence and success depends on forethought.
During the year, the operation of Dadi cinema has been on the track of rapid development, and the cinema business has successfully turned around.
In 2012, the gaming relation between large film productions and small investments was evident, and the diversity; care in reality; and artistic qualities of films were increasingly valued. The enhancement in film quality will definitely nurture the quality of the audience. The moving of the entire film industry toward a phase of positive development is coming up soon. In the coming year, well-prepared Dadi will continue to implement its cinema construction plan for speeding up the growth in the number of cinemas and screens. At the same time, Dadi will strive to obtain the domestic distribution rights for high-quality films by various means such as direct investment, participation in investment and advance purchase, so as to establish and continue to reinforce its market position in China.
III. CORPORATE IT APPLICATION 
In 2012, the Group continued to focus on the development of its corporate IT application services business through its subsidiary Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ). Sino-i s subsidiary, -NORRyb N gPlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ), adhered to its strategies in application innovation. Further to the release of the market leading e-commerce product Zshop online trading in 2011, it took the lead to enter into the corporate mobile e-commerce application market, and successfully launched two service products, namely ZtouchS and Zmobile , providing corporate customers with innovative mobile online e-commerce application service solutions.
With respect to marketing channel, following the business network expansion in 2011, in order to enhance operating efficiency, CE Dongli streamlined its branch network to phase out some branch offices with low efficiencies and instead assigned core subsidiaries in the vicinity to cover the corresponding areas. At the same time, the overall operating efficiency of the business network was enhanced by the strengthened internal information control and consolidated customer service value 
With respect to cost control, CE Dongli achieved remarkable results in reducing the number of employees by optimizing workflow and streamlining internal structure. CE Dongli also enhanced the efficiency of technological operation and lowered product operating costs by way of technology 
In the meantime, CE Dongli continued its last year s strategies of focusing on e-commerce business sector, by putting in relatively large efforts in the research and development of new products and the construction of operating infrastructure, in particular, the research and development for mobile business products and the construction of operating infrastructure for cloud computing technology.
These investments will establish a solid foundation for the middle to long term development of CE Dongli, and its benefits will gradually materialize within the next two to three years.
Currently, the popularity of smartphones and cloud computing applications will undoubtedly trigger a fresh round of growth in the e-commerce market. In 2013, CE Dongli will continue to focus on the development of its corporate IT application services business, and will explore corporate IT infrastructure services and fundamental application services business. It will also continue its efforts in research and development, and accelerate the launching of new products, so as to further consolidate and strengthen its leading edge in products. It will continue to review the operating efficiency of its existing branch offices and implement optimization adjustments for enhancement in its overall business development capability and results contribution. At the same time, it will continue to implement measures for internal streamlining and consolidation, such as reforming its business support information system, so as to reduce costs and expenses and improve its operating efficiencies.

Looking forward to the coming year, the Group will continue to focus on the development of its three business segments, namely property development, culture and media, and corporate IT application services business. It will continue to strengthen and enhance its market position in the culture and media as well as corporate IT application services sectors. Meanwhile, it will continue to refine and perfect its middle to long term development strategies in the property development sector, and to improve operating performance, so as to maximize value for shareholders.
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support to the Group, and also to the board of directors (the Board ) of the Company, executive committee and all staff for their dedication and contribution.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2013 