Chairman¡¯s Statement
This past year, the Company implemented a series of reorganization in the property and electronic
manufacturing segments, upon completing its extension of businesses from manufacturing operation to
also include properties investment and development. After such efforts, the Company¡¯s land property
projects in Liu Wan and Guangzhou are well positioned to be launched, and expected to generate
remarkable proceeds during fiscal 2004 or early 2005. The Company continues to restructure the
electronic manufacturing division, with more advancement to be expected in the next year.
Liu Wan Project
Our subsidiary Shenzhen Liu Wan Industry Development Company Limited has undertaken a land
property project, tentatively named ¡°South Sea Yitian¡±, situated at Dongjautou, Nansun, Shekou,
Shenzhen and located near the ¡°Western Corridor¡± linking up Shenzhen and Hong Kong. It enjoys a 270
degrees panoramic view of Shenzhen Bay and also overlooks Yuen Long and Tin Shui Wai, Hong
Kong. This project involves a site area of approximately 312,000 sq.m., with floor area of about 1.1
million sq.m.. South Sea Yitian will be developed as a luxury seaside resort for 25,000 people,
integrating luxury residential apartments, office buildings, banks, schools and hospitals as well as other
public facilities. Geographically well positioned, with a seaside setting, and the innovative concept of
¡°Panoramic Mini City¡±, this development is expected to attract not only the affluent Shenzhen locals,
but also will be a prime selection for the people of Hong Kong to invest in Shenzhen property.
The detailed urban planning design of this project has been approved by the government authority, and
development will proceed in five phases. The first phase construction design, which involves floor area
of approximately 170,000 sq.m., has been completed by a renowned French design firm which was
selected through a public tender. Government approval of the construction project conceptual design is
in progress. Comprehensive construction work is expected to begin by the end of 2003, and this project
will generate remarkable proceeds for the Company by 2004.
Guangzhou Project
The development project in Guangzhou, which the Company owns 49% equity interest and the
remaining 51% equity interest is owned by its holding company, is located at Huadu District, near the
new international airport and has approximately 620,000 sq.m. with total floor area of 1.08 million
sq.m., for 26,000 people. It will be developed as a low-density, low-capacity, integrating cultural
recreations, commercial, and other living amenities, to be established an oversized international
contemporary commercial and residential community.
The detailed urban planning design of this project has been approved by the government authority. The
approval procedures for the construction project conceptual design will soon be completed.
Comprehensive construction work for the first phase is expected to begin early 2004.
Management
To achieve stable long-term development in the property division, the Company reorganized the
management team last year by recruiting international property investment and management
professionals, to lead a more professional, standardized and efficient operation. The Company believes
that the new management team will be the key driving force to achieve rapid development in the
property business division.
Electronic Manufacturing Business
The Company continues to reorganize its subsidiary, Team Concepts Manufacturing Limited,
responsible for electronic manufacturing. Through development of new products and expansion of its
marketing force, and the Company¡¯s implementation of cost reduction efforts, the operation of Team
Concepts Manufacturing Limited has entered a stable development phase.
Future Prospect
Following China¡¯s entry into WTO, demand for real estate properties in China will rise, particularly in
the middle to upper class residential sector. The market will grow more active and prices will gradually
increase. As construction costs lower, and land prices gradually rise, the property market environment
will be favorable to the Company, which has land reserves in high-growth rate cities such as Shenzhen
and Guangzhou. On the other hand, as the restrictions loosen in China¡¯s property development, financial
and insurance industries; laws and regulations become increasingly congruent to international legal
practices; and the overall investment environment improves, macro condition for foreign investments to
develop land properties in China will improve as well. With the opportunities that have come about
upon China¡¯s entry into WTO, the Company will complete the current projects and further explore other
prime land development opportunities.
In the coming year, the Company will proceed with overall development of land projects in Shenzhen
and Guangzhou, which will generate cash flow and profitable returns. It will also complete the
restructure of Team Concepts Manufacturing Limited, to increase customer base and be better
positioned for future success.
I would like to thank all shareholders for your confidence in our management, and sincerely look
forward to your continuous support in the future.
Yu Pun Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 30 July 2003