Chairman s Statement 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report the annual results of Kerry Properties Limited (the Company ), its subsidiaries and associates (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2010.
The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2010 was HK$6,310 million, representing an increase of 44% compared with HK$4,384 million reported for 2009.
Earnings per share for the year were HK$4.40, representing an increase of 43% compared with HK$3.07 per share 
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.52 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.35 per share, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2010 will be HK$0.87 per share (2009: HK$0.70 per share).
The Group s results reflect the sustainability of the economic fundamentals of our core markets. The increase in sales activity in our property division was encouraging and we retain a cautiously positive view that the economies of both Hong Kong and China will continue to improve, driving the Group s business forward and underpinning our 
Both Hong Kong and China continue to be the business focuses of the Group. Our portfolio of high-quality projects in Hong Kong showed good results in 2010, benefitting from a buoyant economy. China continues to be a key part of our strategy, based on the country s economic dynamism and long-term growth outlook. A rising middle class with disposable incomes, the migration of people to the cities, further investment in infrastructure and mass transportation systems, and rapid modernization are all factors that support our investment in redeveloping central sites for mixed-use, integrated projects in major cities. They also underpin our investment in residential projects in cities with strong prospects for economic growth.
With a solid network of infrastructure and talent firmly established in Greater China and Southeast Asia, our logistics business continued to deliver a strong performance. The gradual shift of the Asian economy from the conventional export-led growth model to a stronger import-driven mode has become and will remain an important source of advancement for the regional logistics sector and for our logistics business in the future.
For many years we have been committed to managing our business responsibly and sensitively for long-term sustainability while at the same time providing practical support to local communities, especially in the areas of environmental protection, education and care for the needy. Our commitment to corporate social responsibility ( CSR ), and to environmental initiatives in particular, further strengthened in 2010. Our environmental management system ( EMS ), which was launched last year, achieved all targets set in the areas of reducing consumption and minimizing waste. These achievements, together with a broad variety of community and charitable initiatives, underline our commitment to improving society and to bequeathing a better environment to 
In 2010, the Hong Kong Council of Social Service awarded us the Caring Company logo for the eighth successive year. We were proud to receive this award, not only for our care shown to the community but also for the care we show our staff. We believe a fulfilling and caring work experience is a powerful motivator to our team, and during the year we continued to work hard to provide a broad range of training courses, social and family events, and work-life balance programmes to all members of the Group.
Looking back on 2010, I would like to thank my Board colleagues, the senior management team, our partners and everyone who worked with us during the year for their loyalty, support and outstanding teamwork. I firmly believe that their concerted efforts will continue to propel the growth momentum of Kerry Properties Limited and its subsidiaries going forward.

Kuok Khoon Chen 
Hong Kong, 17 March 2011 