Chairman s Statement It is my pleasure to report to the shareholders that the audited consolidated profit after taxation and minority interests of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2007 increased by 76% to HK$4.18 billion. Earnings per share was HK56.9 cents, an increase of 60%. The total shareholders funds increased by 70% to HK$26.3 billion.
Net asset per share was HK$3.4, an increase of 54% from year 2006, and average return on shareholders funds reached 20%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK7 cents per share for year 2007.
I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: 
The profit after taxation and minority interests of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2007 amounted to HK$4.18 billion, representing an increase of 76% from the profit of HK$2.37 billion in last year. Earning per share was HK56.9 cents, representing an increase of 60% from HK$35.5 cents per share last year.
Payment of Dividend The Board recommended a payment of a final dividend of HK7 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK5 cents per share, the total dividend for year 2007 amounted to HK12 cents per share, representing an increase of 20% compared with the total dividend of HK10 cents per share for the previous year.

The world economy was good for year 2007 but uncertainty factors started to arise in the middle of the year. Economic development in China continued to grow rapidly with GDP growth of 11%. The economic development in Hong Kong and Macau was also good.
In year 2007, the Group adhered to its strategic plan and devoted its efforts and resources to accelerate the development of real estate business in China and achieving historic record high for its various major business benchmarks. The turnover of the China real estate business increased by 29.4% to HK$12.30 billion, the operation profit margin increased by 80% to 45.1%, thus resulting in the gross profit contribution increased by 79.9% to HK$4.82 billion. The completion of the la Cite project in Macau brought in profit contribution of HK$1.71 billion. The performance of other businesses in the Group was also good. The Group s turnover increased by 52.4% to HK$16.63 billion, the consolidated net profit increased by 76.3% to HK$4.18 billion.
The consolidated net profit of the Group sustained an increase of over 40% for five consecutive years, fulfilling its commitments to the investors. During the year, the share price of the Company s share performed well and once reached the historic high of HK$21.00 (equivalent to a market capitalization of HK$160 billion), thus enhancing value for the shareholders of the Company. The share of the Company was the first PRC property development stock admitted to the Hang Seng Index. This demonstrates the recognition by the investors of the Company s branding value and industry leading status.

The Group continued to be optimistic about the China real estate market. As at 31 December 2007, the Group had a total land for development over 23.6 million sq.m. (attributable interest of 21.8 million sq.m.) to be developed in the near future or under development in 21 citiesdistricts including Mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau, enough for meeting its development requirement which is set in such a way to ensure annual profit increase of over 20% in the coming 4 to 5 years.
With the improvement in the capital and debt structure of the Group, 27 parcels of land were newly acquired in 2007 in 14 mainland cities and most of them were located in Chengdu, Changchun, Chongqing, Hangzhou, Shenyang and Qingdao. The newly acquired land provides an aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of 10.30 million sq.m. (attributable interest of 8.84 million sq.m.). By entering into Zhuhai, Dalian, Qingtao, Shenyang and Tianjin which are major cities considered of good potential, the Group has thus further consolidated its establishment in the Pearl River Delta Economic Zone and Yangzi River Delta Economic as well as strengthening its establishment in the Bohai Rim Region.
In Hong Kong, the Group acquired a piece of land in Stanley at a price of HK$525 million. The site is planned for development of luxury houses for a total GFA of 3,530 sq.m..
Management Philosophy and Brand Value The operation scale and territory of the Group continue to increase to meet the continuous strong demand of the market. The Group will actively modify its development philosophy. Through improving every detail in each and every phase of the development cycle, the development rate of projects can also be accelerated while the quality of products be enhanced. Furthermore, the Group will also include different cooperation models such as joint venture, cooperation with funds or merger and acquisition as supplements to its organic growth.
These new strategies aim to attain sustainable growth in an ever-changing and increasingly competitive market. Joint ventures with big property developers outside China or real estate funds are applicable to influential big projects and that results in teaming up of strong parties and integration of strengths. During the year, cooperation with the JP Morgan Real Estate Fund in the Shanghai Jian Guo Dong Ru #65 project and cooperation with the Wharf Group in the two Chongqing projects confirmed the favourable result of such strategy. The investment vehicles of the Group in these projects are treated as jointly controlled entities.
Holding on the Company s philosophy of Excellent Integrity, Eternal and Excellent Products (OSS0 |T8lR), the Group continues to implement its nationwide business development strategy in major cities of China, and strengthen its brand influence. No matter what market it is in, the Group pursues to provide quality products and services to the customers.

The Group achieved another record sales of HK$22.30 billion in year 2007, (including share of sales in syndicated projects), an increase of 57.2% from 2006. Total GFA of properties sold was 2.16 million sq.m., an increase of 25.3% from 2006.
Total sales of properties in China remained robust, amounting to HK$21.83 billion, an increase of 70.7% from the previous year; GFA sold was 2.15 million sq.m., representing an increase of 29.0% from 2006.
There are 24 projects completed in China for occupation during the year. Total GFA of these projects amounted to 1.65 million sq.m.. 73.2% of which has been sold out by the end of 2007, corresponding to an area of 1.20 million sq.m., and raising HK$11.02 billion.
Further, sales of properties held for sale was satisfactory. 340,000 sq.m. was sold at an amount of approximately HK$4.69 billion. At the end of 2007, properties held for sale remained at a low level of 620,000 
The la Cite project in Macau was completed for occupation. 88% of the GFA were sold resulting in sales turnover of HK$3.03 billion. Property sales in Macau and Hong Kong amounted to about HK$0.46 billion, including pre-sales of HK$0.23 billion from the project In-house and Hey Home in Hong Kong.

Occupancy rate of the Group s properties in Hong Kong and Guangzhou was satisfactory. The Group has 100,000 sq.m. of investment properties. The total rental income for the period was HK$124 million, representing an increase of 18.7% from 2006; segment result amounted to HK$550 million which included an increase in fair value of properties of HK$443 million. Operating profit was HK$105 million, representing an increase of 21.5% as compared to that of prior year.

Following the acquisition of both Hua Yi Designing Consultants Company Limited and China Overseas Property Management Company Limited in China, the Group has completed its one-stop business chain comprising all elements from design, development, sales, property management and customer service. This enables the Group to provide comprehensive and integrated services of premium quality.

The Group adheres strictly to the principle of prudent financial policy. Finance, treasury and fund raising activities of the Group are subject to centralized management and supervision. The Group aims to lower financing costs while maintaining a reasonable gearing ratio. The bonus warrants issued in 2006 to the shareholders of the Company were exercised by July 2007 and raised about HK$3.6 billion in equity. In August 2007, further bonus warrants were issued to shareholders which if exercised in full will raise HK$7.69 billion in equity. As at the end of 2007, HK$4.54 billion had been raised, of which HK$3.85 billion was from the Company s controlling shareholder, China Overseas Holdings Limited. In August 2007, the Group arranged a five-year clean syndication loan to raise HK$3.5 billion in Hong Kong, which was the biggest in amount and cheapest in financing costs for the Group. As at 31 December 2007, outstanding bank loans and guaranteed notes payable of the Group were about HK$14.17 billion and about HK$2.33 billion (USD300 million) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$8.57 billion. Together with available banking facilities of about HK$5.44 billion, the total funds available to the Group amounted to approximately HK$14.01 billion. Shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$15.45 billion at the end of 2006 to HK$26.28 billion at the end of 2007. Notwithstanding the fact that the Group has been growing rapidly and increasing its land reserve significantly, the net gearing ratio showed a slight decrease from the previous year s ratio of 34% to a lower level of about 30%. This demonstrates that the Group is able to strike a balance between prudent financial management and business expansion.

The Group firmly believes that human resource is the most valuable asset in the organization. The human resources department has formulated a system whereby personal development, working atmosphere and motivation for staff are all taken care of. The Group pursues to build a learning style enterprise. The Group aims at creating a challenging yet harmonious and caring working environment to its staff members. It promotes life-long learning and provides training, promotion and development opportunities to its staff.
During the year, the Group continued to recruit fresh graduates from famous universities in the mainland under the Sons of the Sea scheme ( 0wmKNP[ 0R). Over 1,000 talents have been recruited in the past 7 years and some of them have been promoted to managers. The China Overseas Management School provided a 1-year business management course for 44 middle management staff. The course will effectively enhance their skills and techniques as well as their management capability and eventually work effectiveness.
The Group believes that people is the key element in an organization and is willing to share the operation results of the corporation with its staff. To take care of the health of staff and to improve quality of family life of staff, the Group implemented 5-day week working hours.

The Group strives to improve corporate governance standard in order to give the maximum protection to the interest of all the stakeholders of the Group. In the past year, the Group uses its best endeavor to promote corporate transparency, to enhance efficiency of the Board and the various committees under the Board and to perfect the internal controls and risk management of the Group.
The Group will continue to take actions which are beneficial to the interests of the shareholders of the Company, such as increasing the participation of the independent non-executive directors in the Board meetings and ensuring that all Directors can properly discharge their duties as director.
Corporate Citizenship and Awards 
The Group places high emphasis on carrying out its corporate social responsibility. It strives to attain a win-win structure for the corporation, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community.
In the course of developing a property project, in the stage of design and work execution high emphasis is placed on environmental protection and safety factors. The core design concept for the fourth generation products of China Overseas Property are based on environment protection, leading technology and merging into the local culture and behaviors . The Group keeps adhering to the concept of energy and resources conservation, environmental protection and sustainable development. The Group will do its best to build a green community and have started several research projects on green construction. As a property developer, the Group has major contribution towards the economic development, infrastructure building, environment enhancement and provision of job opportunities in the urban areas.
Further to the donation to build the China Overseas Qinglong Hope School located in Shaanxi in 2006, the Group donated money to build the another China Overseas Sanquan Hope School in Chongqing in 2007. Also, the Group organizes and supports staff members to participate in community services and charitable activities.
The volunteer teams take care of the aged and the poor by visiting them and enrich their social lives with amusement shows and activities.
In recognition of its outstanding contribution to corporate citizenship, China Overseas (-N WwmY) won an award given by the Steering Committee of the Third Chinese Enterprises Corporate Citizenship Forum (,{ NF 
In 2007, the Group received numerous awards. Among them, China Overseas Property (-Nwm0W"u) was acknowledged 4 times in a row by China Real Estate Top 10 Research Team as number one in term of integrated strength among the top 100 China real estate enterprises, with the brand value of China Overseas Property increased by 80% to RMB8.623 billion, and was also elected as #1 China Blue Chip Real Estate Developer and as Top 20 Branded Enterprises . Seven projects developed by China Overseas Property were awarded Jian Tian Yao (y)YQO) awards for its excellent quality, design and management.

The Group believes that the global economy will maintain a steady growth amid some uncertain factors. The sub-prime crisis will lead to credit crunch and intensify stock market volatility. But economic development in emerging markets will continue to grow rapidly in 2008 and the long-term fundamentals remain intact. The Chinese Government has shifted its monetary policy from prudent to tight in 2008. That will also stimulate market volatility, tighten funding and increase cost of funds. In the long term, however, this is beneficial to the stable development of the Mainland property market.
Economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau will continue to benefit from the booming economic development in China and also the respective successful economic transformation of Hong Kong as an international financial and trading centre and Macau as an entertainment and leisure centre.
Following the trend and situation of the market in which the Group is operating, the Group will continue to grow rapidly and to surpass the past success. At the same time, the Group will continue to actively taking up its corporate social responsibility by allocating more resources and assistance to poverty alleviation, study subsidy, environment protection, customer service and staff welfare. Better internal and external business environment will hence be created. The Group was the first Hong Kong corporation to respond to the call of Oxfam and donated HK$2 million to the China snowstorm victims in January 2008. Staffs of the Group were also encouraged to show their support.

The China economy has been strong with GPD growth of over 10% for five consecutive years. Urbanization and modernization create strong effective demand for houses. The future of the China property market is hence promising. The widespread effects of the macro-control measures are gradually seen. Together with the implementation of the National Public Housing policy, these will bring new challenges to the mainland property developers. Strong mainland property developers manage to enhance their financial capabilities through fund raising in the A share market in the Mainland or IPOs in Hong Kong. With the property market getting more regulated, Hong Kong property developers have expedited their pace in developing the mainland property market. The overall market is hence getting more competitive. All in all, elimination process will be more obvious. This is beneficial to the long- term development of property developers with strong consolidated 
It is expected that the Hong Kong property market will continue to perform well, particularly in the luxury sector. The Group will develop well its existing projects in Hong Kong and Macau while actively looking for new investment opportunities.
Market Leading Status The Group will continue to excel and balance its nationwide development strategy, seek to expand its leading status in terms of turnover, profit and brand value, and to increase its market share in all territories. Through various effective corporate and brand promotion activities, the image of the Group as a market leader in the elite and high-end products will be enhanced.
Sustainable Project Development The Group will continue to adopt innovative sales concepts and means to step up its marketing and sales magnitude and to enhance its cash flow. It is expected that 53 new residential projects with a total GFA of 3.5 million sq.m. will be available for pre-sale in 2008. It is planned that total GFA sales for 2008 will be 4 million 
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to build a more competitive business structure with residential development as the main stream and investment property as the supplement. The Group will place more emphasis on investment property which can provide a stable long term return and increase the Group s capability to balance market risk. It will balance resources allocation for short-term and long-term investment and increase gradually its weighting on investment property. A professional team on investment property will be gradually built up to ensure stable growth of income from investment property and enhancement in the value of investment properties. The target is to have the profit contribution from investment property exceeding 20% of the total profit by year 2010. The Beijing China Overseas Property Tower was completed in June 2007 and the shopping areas were fully leased out. The Beijing China Overseas Plaza will be completed in 2009. Investment property area of the Group will then be increased by 170,000 sq.m..
Infrastructure Business Restructure The Group will continue to honor its commitment and to look for the most appropriate way to dispose of its infrastructure businesses at reasonable price.

As the leading enterprise in property development, the Group has set up a development plan and goals for long-term growth. It will focus its resources to increase prime land bank through various channels and to improve its territorial expansion and business structure. The existing ample high-quality land for development of the Group is an important element for the Group s profit growth and sustainable development.
It is intended that the replenishment of land for development for 2008 will not be less than 4.5 million sq.m..
In 2008, the Group has acquired 6 pieces of land with GFA of 1.96 million sq.m. (attributable interest of 1.43 million sq.m.). The Group s attributable interest in the total land reserve has been increased to over 23 million sq.m.. The Group will take into account its funding capability, market opportunities and impact of macro- control measures on China real estate market to adjust its land policy accordingly.

In addition to promoting multi-growth models, the Group is exploring the possibility of setting up its own real estate fund. Through the establishment of new fund raising platform and new cooperation model with real estate investors, the Group can enhance its capability to develop big projects.

As the operation scale and market competition increase, conflict between operation management, resources allocation and risk control intensify. Resources protection, team building and risk management are more closely attended to. In the past few years, the Group has established effective and systematic models to manage its strategy planning, operation, finance and human resources. These are beneficial to centralizing resources, developing main business, enhancing management capability and competitiveness as well as team building. The core competitiveness of the Group has thus been significantly enhanced. In accelerating the pace of development, at the same time, the Group would improve its internal control and better regulate its business behavior. To cope with the complicated and ever-changing market environment, the Group is actively studying ways and means to perfect its risk management system (including the establishment of the Joint Risk 
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to improve its finance and treasury management capability and to be innovative in our financing, and to capture opportunities arise in the international and Hong Kong capital market as well as in the China capital market. More attention will be paid to asset protection, accelerating sales, cash flow management and effective liquidity risk control.
The Group will continue to promote the implementation of the ERP system, enhance communication between project and financial department. These all aim at enhancing operation efficiency.

The Board is confident about the prospect of the Group. Through its diligent work in the last few years, the Group has stepped up on a new platform for building an evergreen enterprise. Strong and persistent profit growth in six consecutive years, excellent share price performance and the admission of the Company s share to the Hang Seng Index demonstrate the recognition of the investment community of the Group s performance and capability. Such recognition makes the Group more aware of its responsibility to accomplish its mission. The Group foresees exciting growth in the future. With its solid foundations, international vision and exposure plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group is well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities arise. Through its diligent work and persistent innovation, the Group can maintain its pioneer position in the China real estate industry, thereby seek to achieve the target of over 20% annual increase in net profit. After analyzing the trend of the global economy, the market situation and internal condition, the Board has decided that the overall tone for the Group is to strengthen and consolidate its well established base and competitive edges and to achieve sustainable high quality and balanced growth (iz-NBl2 SMz|v).

The Group insists on bringing out the best value of its human resources. The Group emphasizes on establishing a satisfactory operation and working environment. The Group is committed to enhance shareholders value, raise its standard on corporate governance, moral value and corporate citizenship and improve its core competitiveness through persistent innovation. The ultimate goal is to attain a win-win outcome for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community. The Board will endeavor to develop the Group into an evergreen enterprise.

At last, I would like to thank the members of the Board for their outstanding leadership, the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and the entire staff for their dedication.

