Chairman’s Statement
I have pleasure to report to the
Shareholders that:
The audited profit attributable
to equity shareholders of the
Company for the year ended 31
December 2016 increased by
6.9% to HK$37.02 billion; basic
earnings per share was HK$3.64;
shareholders’ funds increased to
HK$222.25 billion; net assets
per share was HK$20.29; and
average return on shareholders’
funds was 17.1%. The Board
proposed a final dividend of HK42
cents per share.
After a rather long period of rapid growth, China’s economy has adjusted to a period of
steadier growth. Following more than a decade of rapid expansion, China's property market
has similarly entered a new era. The coming year, 2017, is expected to be complex and
changeable, based on the global and local political and economic environments. With its
solid foundation, worldwide vision and exposure, correct development strategies, appropriate
nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group
will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through consistent innovation. The
Group is confident that it can resolve risks and rise to the challenge and seek progress amid
stability. The Board expects that the China property market to remain stable in the next few
years and the Company can achieve sustainable and steady growth.
1. BUSINESS REVIEW
Macroeconomy
“Black swan events” emerged in a seemingly endless
stream in 2016. The global economy underwent profound
adjustment and rebalancing. The monetary policies of
developed economies were not aligned, while the economic
slowdown of emerging markets accelerated. As the United
States maintained its moderate economic recovery, the
Federal Reserve raised interest rates, causing continued
depreciation of major currencies against the US dollar. A
stronger dollar stimulated capital outflows in emerging
market countries, and economic growth faced a downturn
challenge. As the repeated quantitative easing initiative
(“QE”) failed to bring about obvious improvement, the
European and Japanese central banks chose to extend
or intensify their QE. The “Brexit” referendum in the UK
brought uncertainties to the economy of the European
Union, while the Middle East, Europe and Asia experienced
disturbing geopolitical crises. As a whole, global economic
recovery was slow.
2016 marked the commencement of the national 13th Fiveyear
Plan. The Central Chinese Government put effort into
strengthening supply-side structural reform, focusing on
introduction of a series of policies, such as cutting excessive
industrial capacity, de-stocking, de-leveraging, lowering
costs and improving weak links. The reform has shown
initial effectiveness with a stable and positive economic
and employment growth. As a result, China achieved an
annual economic growth of 6.7%, remaining ahead of other
countries. The economic performance of Hong Kong and
Macau was inevitably affected by peripheral environment,
but still recorded moderate growth. The growth rate of sales
of China’s property market saw obvious slowdown in 2014.
As the nationwide commodity housing stock reached a
record high in 2015, local governments released restrictions
one after another to effectively stimulate their property
markets. The total nationwide commodity housing area
for sale continued to decrease in 2016, while the annual
sales volume and prices for residential property reached alltime
highs. In October, the elevating residential property
and land markets triggered a policy turning point. The
financial sector strictly enforced restrictions on property
related lending and corporate bond issuance, and regulated
the entrance of financial bank and insurance investment
funds into the property market. Right after the National
Day Golden Week holiday, some 30 major cities throughout
China launched extensive and intensive restrictive
measures, such as sales restrictions, loan restrictions and tax
increase, to suppress soaring property prices.
Against the backdrop of accelerated depreciation of the
Renminbi and the regulation of property market, mainland
China investors changed their focus to Hong Kong property
market, pushing Hong Kong property price upward. In
November, the Hong Kong SAR Government introduced a
raft of cooling measures, including higher stamp duty, with
the aim to support local first-time property buyers and
restrain property investment and speculation.
During the year, despite the initially relaxed but
subsequently tightened environment of the mainland China
property market, the Group achieved sizable sales and
satisfactory growth in profit. With revenue of HK$164.07
billion, the profit attributable to the equity shareholders
of the Company increased by 6.9% to HK$37.02 billion
(excluding the profit/loss generated by the property projects
acquired from the CITIC Assets Acquisition, the profit
attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company
would have increased by 14.1% from HK$33.31 billion last
year to HK$38.01 billion in 2016. Please refer to note 3(a) to
the Financial Statements for details of that profit/loss), and
the net profit, after deducting HK$5.65 billion in profit after
tax related to the change in the fair value of the investment
property portfolio, amounted to HK$31.37 billion. In a
complicated and rapidly changing market environment, the
Group successfully secured handsome profits through assets
restructuring and disposals, to achieve an average return on
shareholders’ funds of 17.1% in 2016.
Property Development
In 2016, through accurate assessment of market
developments, strategic and innovative sales and marketing
measures, as well as leveraging the branding advantage of
China Overseas Property, the target for contracted property
sales, which was adjusted upwards to HK$210 billion in the
middle of the year, was exceeded, setting another record
high. Total property sales (including sales by joint ventures
and associates) amounted to HK$210.6 billion, while the
corresponding area sold was 13.04 million sq m. Projects
(including joint ventures) amounting to 13.35 million sq m
were completed in 2016. Sales value of these projects,
recognised as the Group’s revenue in 2016, amounted to
HK$118.61 billion. Sales of completed property projects as
at the end of 2015 were satisfactory, reaching HK$41.28
billion for a total of 2.28 million sq m. As such, the revenue
for the property development business of the Group in
2016 amounted to HK$159.89 billion. Segment profits
attributable to property development business increased
10.9% to HK$46.94 billion.
Investment Properties
Six investment property projects were completed during the
year, adding about 460,000 sq m of completed investment
property to the Group. The Group also sold a few non-core
investment properties. Further, the CITIC Assets Acquisition
added investment properties totalling 300,000 sq m. The
Group had a total of 2.50 million sq m in mainland China,
Hong Kong, Macau and London as at the end of the year.
The overall occupancy rate of the Group’s investment
properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for
the year was HK$2.14 billion, representing a year-onyear
increase of 6.2%; profit for the segment amounted
to HK$11.88 billion, which included an increase in the
fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$7.72
billion (net fair value gain after deferred tax attributable to
shareholders is HK$5.65 billion).
CITIC Assets Acquisition
On 14 March 2016 the Company announced a major
transaction, the CITIC Assets Acquisition, and this was
completed six months later. The Company issued shares
to CITIC Limited and sold a property portfolio to settle the
consideration.
CITIC Limited has thus become a strategic – and the secondlargest
– shareholder in the Company. The Board holds the
view that cooperation between the parties will produce
great synergy in business and investment opportunities on
various fronts. The Group’s future business operations are
expected to benefit significantly. This acquisition provides
a good opportunity for the Group to add to its land reserve
in various major economic zones in China and will make a
significant contribution to the Group’s development in the
next few years, reinforcing the Group’s leading position in
China’s property market. Details of the acquisition, issuance
of shares in the Company and property sales can be found in
the announcements made on 14 March and 15 September
2016, and the circular despatched on 30 June 2016.
In October 2016, the Group agreed to conditionally sell its
projects in several third-tier cities, including Yangzhou,
Huizhou, Huangshan, Weifang, Zibo, Jiujiang and Shantou,
to its associate COGO. This transaction was completed
before end of the year. Through this transaction, the Group
effectively dealt with the asset portfolio acquired from the
parent company, China State Construction Engineering
Corporation Limited (“CSCECL”) and the CITIC Assets
Acquisition, and COGO effectively reinforced its position as
a leading property developer in China’s third-tier cities and
increased its land reserve significantly. Details of the sale of
this property portfolio can be found in the circular released
by COGO on 4 November 2016.
Joint Venture and Associates
The Group will strive to expedite its development and
expand its development scale through joint ventures and
mergers and acquisitions. At the end of the year, the amount
invested by the Group in its joint ventures amounted
to HK$15.94 billion. The profit contribution from joint
ventures in 2016 was HK$780 million. COGO is the major
associate of the Group, focused on property business in
third-tier cities in mainland China. In 2016, COGO recorded
sales of HK$24.0 billion, revenue of HK$17.1 billion, and a
net profit of HK$930 million. The Group earned a net profit
of about HK$340 million from COGO.
Land Reserve
During the year, the Group continued to closely monitor
the land market and prudently acquire land. In response to
the strong land market and taking account of an additional
31.55 million sq m of land resources relating to the CITIC
Assets Acquisition, the Group (excluding COGO) acquired
17 parcels of land in 13 cities in mainland China, and one
parcel of land in Hong Kong, a total additional of 9.72
million sq m. As at the end of 2016, these land parcels in 33
mainland China cities, Hong Kong and Macau provided a
total area of 56.77 million sq m, with interest attributable to
the Group of 48.81 million sq m.
As of end of 2016, the COGO had a total land reserve of 17.74
million sq m (attributable interest of 16.53 million sq m).
Group Finance
Adhering to prudent financial management, the Group
continued to enhance financial resources and optimise
its debt structure. In mid-August 2016, during a lowrate
window, the Group issued a 10-year corporate bond
with a value of RMB6.0 billion to take advantage of
market conditions. The bond yield was 3.1%, the lowest
in the industry for tenors of over 5 years. In 2016, the
Group drew down HK$45.24 billion in banking facilities.
Total repayment of matured bank and other borrowings
amounted to HK$60.26 billion. In addition, cash inflow
from sales of about HK$177.20 billion was recorded
for the year. The Group had sufficient funds to meet its
payment requirements and has accumulated a significant
war chest of cash for future developments. The major
expenditures of the Group for 2016 were HK$49.77 billion
for land premiums, HK$42.32 billion for construction costs,
and HK$38.61 billion for tax, selling and distribution,
administrative and finance expenses. As at the end of
the year, outstanding bank and other borrowings and
notes payable by the Group were about HK$96.25 billion
and about HK$77.57 billion respectively; cash on hand
amounted to approximately HK$157.16 billion; and the net
gearing of the Group had decreased significantly from 37.3%
at the end of 2015 to a very low level of about 7.5%. The
shareholders’ funds in the Company increased to HK$222.25
billion at the end of the year. Hence, the Group’s financial
position has continued to strengthen. In 2016, the Group’s
investment rankings were affirmed by Moody’s, Standard &
Poor’s and Fitch, at Baa1/Stable, BBB+/Stable and A-/Stable
respectively, reflecting the capital market’s recognition of
the Group in terms of its leadership in China’s property
market and financial soundness.
Human Resources
The Group continues to expand its operations and enter new
cities. Talented people are always in great demand. Staff
recruited through the “Sons of the Sea” and “Sea’s Recruits”
schemes have developed quickly under the supervision of
our staff. The Group’s ability to nurture talented people
has been recognised by the industry. This is the source
of the Group’s professional competence and competitive
edge, and has become an important element in supporting
the Group’s sustainable and stable development. Staff
integration after the CITIC Assets Acquisition was smoothly
completed within a short period of time, demonstrating the
effectiveness of the Group’s human resources personnel.
Corporate Governance
The Board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect
and best utilise resources in the Group to enhance value
for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance
is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating
sustainable development. Thus, the Group strives to
improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient
operation of the Group’s businesses and safeguard its assets
and shareholders’ interests. Over the past two years, the
Group has consistently enhanced corporate transparency
and strengthened the Group’s internal controls and risk
management.
Corporate Social Responsibility
The Group is committed to exercising corporate social
responsibility and seeks to promote social value and
harmony as a good corporate citizen. The Group has
established a well-regulated, formal and branded system to
discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas
of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational
subventions, charitable donations and community services.
The fourth corporate social responsibility report, focusing
on the efforts and achievements of the Group in this respect,
was published during the year. The Company is again a
constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability
Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group’s
efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental
protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).
Awards
The Company was rated number one among “Best 10 of
China Real Estate Developers Brand Value”. China Overseas
Property was acknowledged among the “Leading Brands
of China Real Estate Companies” for the 13th consecutive
year, ranking first in the property sector with a brand
value of RMB51.4 billion. For 13 years in a row, leveraging
its excellent performance, the Company has been voted
the number one “China Blue Chip Real Estate” developer.
For the first time due to the excellent asset management
capability, China Overseas Commercial Properties ranked
in the top three of the “Best 10 of China Commercial
Real Estate Developers Brand Value”. Internationally, the
Group has been selected again as an index component of
the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI), and is the only
Chinese company on the list of 38 real estate sustainability
leaders, among 3,800 listed companies around the world
being analysed this year. This demonstrates the excellent
performance of the Company in various respects. In 2016,
China Overseas Property projects were, as usual, repeatedly
recognised for their outstanding quality, design and
management.
2. PROSPECTS
Macroeconomy
It is expected that the global economy will not depart from
the “low growth trap”. The biggest uncertainties in global
economy lie in the new policies of US President Trump to
stimulate economic growth and the monetary policy of the
US Federal Reserve. Brexit may trigger a domino effect that
threatens the unification of Europe. Trade protectionism
and anti-globalism will directly impact new and emerging
economies. As the world’s second largest economy, China
has become an important driving force behind the reform
of the global economy and economic governance. It is
expected that the Chinese government will continue to
put in place active financial policies and stable monetary
policies to deepen supply-side structural reform and ensure
the steady growth of economy over the next few years. For
most enterprises, 2017 will remain challenging. The Group
will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by
any changes in the international economic environment.
Business Development
In a complex and ever-changing market and political
environment, the Group achieved a satisfactory
performance in 2016, amply demonstrating its excellent
operational capability and brand advantages. The Group is
cautiously optimistic about China’s property market in 2017.
It is expected that policy regulation by the Central Chinese
Government will continue and that will ensure stable
and healthy development of the property market. China’s
property sales is expected to experience some resistance in
the first half of 2017 as market consolidation accelerates,
with the sector overall presenting both challenges and
opportunities.
Continued stable development in the Hong Kong and Macau
property markets is expected. The impact of rate increases in
the US may not be significant, though increasing investment
in Hong Kong property market by mainland China property
developers will have some impact. The Group will still seek
appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong
Kong and Macau. In the first two months of 2017, property
sales of the Group in Hong Kong and Macau amounted to
over HK$4 billion, while the cash return after netting off
second mortgage reached HK$4.9 billion.
Operational Philosophy
The Group firmly follows the operational philosophy
of “Seeking Progress amid Stability. Operating under a
Trusted Brand”, and upholds pragmatism and integrity as
its philosophy in going forward in a steady manner. The
Group has reached annual sales of HK$200 billion with net
profits amounting to a high level of over HK$30 billion, the
management will still strive to achieve steady improvement
in its performance. China’s property market has entered
a new era: limited supply of high quality land, decline in
overall profits across the industry, fracturing of the market,
increased centralisation of the industry, all indicate that
only the fittest will survive. The Group is deeply alert to the
pressure and challenges brought about by this changing
market and the industry competition associated with rapid
growth in some industry players over the past two years.
The Group, which is steeped in history and has experienced
many economic cycles in China, Hong Kong and Macau,
recognises that each company must align its own capacity
and resources with the external environment to find a
suitable and sustainable approach after balancing its scale
with shareholders’ returns, and opportunities with risks.
The Group will consolidate and continue to seek to boost
its competitiveness. In order to reinforce the elite image
of China Overseas Property products in the mid- and highend
segments, the Group diligently assesses the needs
and wants of its customers so that each project stands
out and sets the benchmark for high-end products in its
vicinity. In addition, the Group will adapt to the movement
toward market fragmentation, enter strategic cities and
expand to neighbouring areas systematically in order to
raise its market share and reinforce its industry-leading
position. The Group believes that there is much room for
development in China’s property market, and will put more
focus on mainland China’s property market in the future.
Against the backdrop of increased consolidation of the
mainland property market, the Group will firmly pursue
a multi-pronged development strategy. On one hand the
Group will continue to acquire land in the market, while
on the other it will look for suitable targets for mergers and
acquisitions, and will continue to establish joint ventures
with strong partners and parties with land resources in order
to support stable growth in this 13th Five-Year Plan period.
Sustainable Project Development
The Group will closely monitor the market and
appropriately control the pace of its project development
and sales. By leveraging its brand name, backed by
innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can
improve its sales results and cash flow, and maximise the
return on its assets. In order to ensure operational scale
and sustainable growth in profits and after taking account
of market conditions, it is planned that in 2017, the Group
will commence development of an additional area of over
19 million sq m, bringing the total area under development
to a peak of over 33 million sq m. The Group will strive to
have projects (including the joint ventures) with area of over
13.5 million sq m completed and contracted sales (including
joint ventures and associates) of not less than HK$210
billion achieved.
Better Business Structure
The Group will continue to operate a business structure
with residential development as the main element, and
commercial property development in a supplemental role.
It will balance the allocation of resources for long-term and
short-term investment, and gradually increase its weighting
on investment property in order to obtain stable long-term
returns and enhance its capability to balance market risk.
As the profit margin in China’s property market continues to
drop, an over-expansion of property development scale may
gradually invite disproportionate risks. Hence increasing the
proportion of profits from investment property is a longterm
goal for the Group. As at end of this year, the total
area of commercial property under development or yet to
be developed by the Group amounted to about 4.40 million
sq m. About 1.20 million sq m of this area will be completed
by the end of 2018.
Multi-channel and Diversified Means
for Land Replenishment
The Group will take into account its financial strength
and market conditions, to maintain an appropriately
expansionary scale of investment. Through active
cooperation with various entities in the CSCECL group
and other organisations with land resources and also
involvement in the redevelopment of shanty-towns and
transformation of cities, the Group can replenish its land
reserve through various measures.
The reduced liquidity in China is conducive to the
acquisition of land by property developers with strong
financial resources. During the first two months of 2017, the
Group acquired 11 land parcels in nine cities, a total area of
3 million sq m.
Prudent Financial Management
The Group will continue to enhance its financial
management capability, adhere to prudent financial
management, and stick firmly to the principle of “Cash
is king, receipts determine payments”. The Group will
continue to explore new fundraising channels and make
full use of its fundraising platforms onshore and offshore.
To ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business
development, the Group will speed up asset turnover,
improve its debt structure, and enhance its ability to protect
its resources. Taking into consideration the weakened
Renminbi, the Group will endeavour to improve the
currency profile of its debt, mainly by rapidly reducing nonRenminbi
debts and increasing non-Renminbi assets.
Business Prospects
After a rather long period of rapid growth, China’s economy
has adjusted to a period of steadier growth. Following
more than a decade of rapid expansion, China’s property
market has similarly entered a new era. The Board is of
the view that the China property market has ample room
for development and is also confident of the Group’s
prospects and capabilities. The coming year, 2017, is
expected to be complex and changeable, based on the
global and local political and economic environments.
The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim
of “Exercise caution in details and implementation.
Build a strong foundation to seek greater success.” With
its solid foundation, worldwide vision and exposure,
correct development strategies, appropriate nationwide
development strategy plus excellent brand name and
financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance
its competitiveness in the industry through consistent
innovation. The Group is confident that it can resolve risks
and rise to the challenge and seek progress amid stability.
The Board expects that the China property market to remain
stable in the next few years and the Company can achieve
sustainable and steady growth.
Mission
The Group continues to endeavour to develop into an
evergreen enterprise. The Group continues to adopt a
human resource management approach that focuses on
personal development, motivation of staff, and a good
working atmosphere. The Group is committed to aligning
individual success with the core values of the long-term
development of the Group by maintaining integrity,
creativity, pragmatism and perfection. The ultimate goal
is an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its
shareholders, business associates, staff and the community.
APPRECIATION
Last but not least, I would like to take this opportunity to express
my appreciation to the management team and other staff
members of the Group for their dedication and hard work, our
shareholders and business associates for their support and trust
and to my fellow directors for their valuable advice.
By Order of the Board
China Overseas Land & Investment Limited
Xiao Xiao
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017