Chairman s Statement 
The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group. In the past 11 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 43.6% in its net profit. Strong profit growth has been sustained despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector for the past five years. 2013 is expected to be complex and ever- changing as affected by the unfavourable global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. ( Na_{L |{ ) The Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation and is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality 
I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: The audited net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 increased by 21.1% to HK$18.72 billion. Basic earnings per share were HK$2.29, an increase of 21.2%. Total shareholders funds increased by 21.8% to HK$87.24 billion. Net assets per share were HK$10.7, an increase of 21.6% on 2011, and average return on shareholders funds reached 23.6%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK24 cents per share for year 2012.
1. BUSINESS REVIEW The world economy remained as complicated and fast changing as in 2011 and continued to be gridlocked in 2012. The euro debt crisis further worsened the economy in the euro-zone. Despite the implementation of the third round of quantitative easing by the United States, employment and property market problems remained unresolved and the economic recovery was sluggish. Geopolitical problems in the Middle East and Asia elevated risks in the global economy. In addition, the economies of the emerging countries were affected by the unfavourable external economic factors and resulted in weak momentum in economy. After mitigating inflationary pressures, the People s Bank of China twice reduced the reserve requirement ratio and also twice reduced the benchmark interest rate for loans, to increase liquidity and foster economic development. Although foreign trade in China inevitably declined, the Central Government strategy to ensure steady growth took effect with investments and domestic demand gathering pace. Economic growth bottomed out in the third quarter to give an annual growth rate of 7.8%, above the target 7.5%. The economic slowdown in Europe, the United States and China led to a decline in economic growth in Hong Kong and Macau.
The mainland continued to deploy stable yet stringent regulatory measures towards the property market in 2012. The level of total sales in the mainland property market for the year was satisfactory as a result of liquidity relief and strong and stable demand, with house prices in some cities rising slightly. The industry, however, showed greater polarisation and consolidation with increasing market concentration as brand developers performed better. With the improved domestic economy in the fourth quarter, real estate financing became easier as costs were reduced.
Sentiment in land transactions and housing sales also 
Amid the normalisation of austerity measures and a highly competitive market environment, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its sales and profits in 2012. Turnover increased by about 25.8% to HK$64.58 billion and net profits increased by 21.0% to HK$18.83 billion (equivalent to 15.25 billion yuan) for the year. The net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 21.1% to HK$18.72 billion (equivalent to 15.16 billion yuan), of which HK$2.92 billion of profit after tax was related to the increase in the fair value of the investment property portfolio. The Group hence recorded an increase of 21.4% in its core profit to HK$15.80 billion (equivalent to 12.80 billion yuan).
The net profit attributable to shareholders has increased at a compound growth rate of more than 34.7% per annum over the past five years (2008- 2012). This comprises annual increases of over 20.0% in each of the past ten years (2003 2012), fulfilling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and 
In 2012, the target for sales of properties that was raised to HK$100 billion in August was exceeded for another record high. Total sales of properties (including sales by joint ventures and associated companies) amounted to HK$111.52 billion, an increase of 28.1% compared with the previous year; the area sold was 7.29 million sq m, representing an increase of 30.6% compared with 2011. There was a cash inflow of over HK$100 billion from sales for the Group and the joint ventures. The pre-sales deposits were HK$58.18 billion as at the end of 2012, an increase of 73.3% compared with the previous year.
In 2012, adhering firmly to the operational watchword: A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care (|0}O TLr}q), and as a result of accurate judgment of market changes, targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as the China Overseas Property branding advantage, solid results were attained in the mainland property development sector with sales of HK$104.32 billion in 2012, an increase of 23.2% compared over the previous year.
Property markets in Hong Kong and Macau became active due to loosened foreign and domestic liquidity.
The Group, therefore, seized the opportunity to step up its sales effort in the two regions and achieved record sales of HK$6.07 billion for the first half of the year. As the Hong Kong Government strengthened regulation of the property market and promulgated Buyer s Stamp Duty and Special Stamp Duty in October, the property market in Hong Kong has entered a short adjustment period, which led to a sharp drop in the number of transactions. Sales in the year, however, amounted to HK$7.2 billion, an increase of about 200%.
The turnover of the Group increased by 25.8% to HK$64.58 billion. (If the turnover of the jointly controlled entities attributable to the Group is taken into account, the total amount increased to HK$77.91 billion, an increase of 35.0% compared with last year.) During the year, projects in mainland China (including those by the joint ventures) with aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of about 7 million sq m were completed. The value of sales for these projects recognised as the Group s turnover in 2012 was HK$39.51 billion. Furthermore, the level of the Group s sales of properties completed as at the end of 2011 were satisfactory with about 970,000 sq m sold for approximately HK$21.90 billion. Hence, the turnover for property development increased by 24.2% to HK$61.41 billion. The turnover for mainland property development amounted to HK$59.44 billion, an increase of 22.6%. Its gross profit margin held steady at a satisfactory level, while operating profit increased significantly by 16.8% to HK$21.58 billion.
The turnover for Hong Kong and Macau amounted to HK$1.97 billion. The gross profit margin was 54.8% while operating profit was HK$930 million, an increase of 50.0%.

China Overseas International Center Phase Two in Chengdu was completed, adding about 60,000 sq m of completed investment properties to the Group for a total of 520,000 sq m in Hong Kong, Macau and the mainland as at the end of 2012. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$580 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 56.8%; profit for the segment amounted to HK$4.15 billion which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$3.65 billion (net income after deferred tax was HK$2.92 
The Group continued to follow the land market closely, in order to explore opportunities for the acquisition and exploitation of prime land resources.
In each case, after taking account of the economic environment, trends in the property market, funding and development capabilities, the land reserve on hand and the quality and cost, a decision on land acquisition is then made. Mainly because of the improvement in the mainland economy and property market, in the fourth quarter of the year, the Group stepped up its land acquisition efforts. During the year, 19 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (excluding China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited COGO ) in 14 cities in mainland China, including the newly entered Kunming. These land parcels provided an aggregate GFA of 6.62 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of 6.50 million 
COGO acquired six land parcels in six mainland cities and added GFA of 3.68 million sq m of land to its 
During 2012, the Group also purchased one parcel of land in Ap Lei Chau with GFA of 21,350 sq m for a total consideration of about HK$2.5 billion. The Group was awarded a contract in July to develop, jointly with the Urban Renewal Authority, a project at Pak Tai Street in To Kwa Wan.
As at 31 December 2012, the Group had a total land reserve of about 35.10 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of about 31.57 million sq m) in 26 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau; COGO had a total land reserve of 9.13 million sq m (attributable interest of 7.78 million sq m).

The Group continued to enhance financial resources and optimise its debt structure. The Group raised HK$29.6 billion in 2012. After deducting the repayment of matured bonds and bank loans due, the net amount raised for the year was HK$16.2 billion.
The Group undertook three bond issuances, which together raised US$1.75 billion. HK$7.6 billion was raised by way of syndication loans in Hong Kong and HK$3.8 billion was raised by unilateral loan arrangements with several banks. We had a limited number of fundraising activities in mainland China and raised only 3.8 billion yuan in 2012. A cash inflow from sales of over HK$75.78 billion was recorded for the year and together with the net amount raised by financing, the Group had more than sufficient funds to meet its requirements, including major expenditures of HK$26.09 billion for land premiums, HK$29.92 billion for construction costs and HK$16.69 billion for tax, selling and distribution, administrative and finance expenses.
As at the end of December 2012, outstanding borrowings and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$37.64 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to HK$8.0 billion) and about HK$21.15 billion (US$2.75 billion) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$40.93 billion (not including cash held by jointly controlled entities amounting to approximately HK$12.76 billion); shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$71.62 billion to HK$87.24 billion; and the net gearing of the Group decreased from 32.7% at the end of last year to about 20.5%, a very healthy level under such tough market conditions.During the year, both Moody s and Standard & Poor s reaffirmed the Company s issuer and bond ratings at Baa2 and BBB respectively with a stable outlook. This reflected the recognition by the market of the Group s solid and stable financial profile and market-leading status. In November, with the issuance of 30-year long-term bonds at an annual rate of just under 5.5%, the Group became the first PRC property developer to issue 30-year long-term bonds, an achievement which reflected the confidence of the capital market in the long-term business development and financial stability of the Group.

The Group firmly believes that the quality of human resources and the level of knowledge capital are important benchmarks in assessing the competitiveness of an enterprise. The capital value of our human resources is enhanced through human resource development, industrial training and job rotation. The long-term development of the Group and personal development of staff are closely interrelated and mutually reinforcing. This is a pre-eminent feature of the Group s corporate culture and human resource 
The Group continues to enter new cities every year.
Talent at all levels is always in great demand. The Group is confronted with challenges in building and conserving human resources. After assiduous promotion in recent years, the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have developed into well respected human resource brands in the mainland property industry. Staff recruited through these two schemes have steadily become an important element supporting the sustainable and stable development of the Group. In 2012, more than 250 outstanding graduates from leading universities in China were recruited through the Sons of the Sea scheme and more than 310 talented staff joined through the Sea s Recruits scheme. This recruitment of plentiful human resources effectively met our demand for new staff.

The Board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group and thereby to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over the past few years, the Group has actively enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk management.

The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well-regulated, formal and branded system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community 
Over the years, by providing resources and facilities to the China Overseas Hope Schools, the Group has greatly enhanced the education environment and capabilities in those localities. With the completion for use of the China Overseas Dougou Hope School in Jinan, a total of seven China Overseas Hope Schools have been duly delivered.
The Group continued to apply environmental protection and energy conservation concepts such as low carbon and green construction across its corporate development strategy, as well as to the design and construction of its property projects. The aim is to help build a greener society and ensure a healthy living environment that enables sustainability in the natural environment in and around our projects.
The Company is again a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

In 2012, the Group received numerous awards. The Company was again acknowledged as number one among The Top 20 China Real Estate Enterprises by Brand Value and its brand value increased to 25.3 billion yuan. China Overseas Property (-Nwm0W"u) was acknowledged, for the nine year in a row, as the number one among Leading Brands of China Real Estate Companies . For nine years in a row, leveraging its excellent performance, the Company has been voted the number one China Blue Chip Real Estate developer. China Overseas Property was awarded seven Jian Tian Yao (y)YQO) awards in 2012 for excellence in its quality, design and management.

The launch of various stimulus measures by the advanced countries of Europe, the United States and Japan has yet to resolve the fundamental problems that led to the current global financial crisis.
Meanwhile, the excess liquidity generated by the quantitative measures intensified investment activity, asset bubbles and inflationary pressure, especially in emerging markets. It is expected that there will be some improvement in United States economic growth and the euro sovereign debt crisis, but economic growth globally will remain sluggish in 2013. For most enterprises, 2013 will remain a challenging year. The Group will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by any change in the international economic environment and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
Amid a volatile and dragging economic environment abroad, it is expected that foreign trade will see limited improvement in China. Also, the Chinese central government will continue to adopt a proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy in order to curb inflation. The new state leadership will boost and accelerate investment in infrastructure and the service sector to further increase domestic consumption, bottom out the economy and attain the goal of making progress amid stability. Economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau has become more closely linked to that of the mainland and therefore is expected to gradually improve this year.

The outstanding performance of the Group in 2012 fully demonstrated the Group s excellent operational capabilities and brand advantages. The Group is well prepared to deliver good performance even amid the normalization of tightening measures. The launch of the ( New National Five Measures ) in early March 2013 endorses the view of the Group that the tough restrictive policies will likely remain in place for some time. With the effective suppression of speculation and investment as well as the appropriate consolidation of the property industry, the PRC property market is expected to remain dynamic in 2013 and the whole industry presents both challenges and opportunities. Looking to the year ahead, as the property sector tends to lead many other segments in the economy and is an effective driver of economic activity, it is expected that the government may implement fiscal and tax reform in lieu of administrative means to get the market back on track.
The Group will take full advantage of its sound financial structure and diversified financing channels to actively increase financial resources and to seize investment opportunities including the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. While maintaining suitable precautions against risk, the Group will actively seek market opportunities to ensure sustainable growth, increase its market share and consolidate its leading status in the property industry. The new national policy requires the doubling of GDP and national income by 2020 and urbanisation will be the main focus to transform the mode of economic development. Indeed, we expect that rapid ongoing urbanisation will continue to drive the property market in mainland China. Hence, the Group is still fully confident about the long-term development of the mainland China property market.
It is expected that property markets in Hong Kong and Macau will undergo some short term adjustments by the market in response to the increase in the types and rate of stamp duty. The overall property market will remain stable. The Group will still seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and 
The Group holds to its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{L |{). The Group strictly adheres to its undertakings and conducts business with complete integrity and seeks progress amid stability (iz-NBl2).
The Group also endeavours to maintain high levels of creativity and to understand the demands of its customers in order to continuously consolidate and expand its market and customer base. The Group works hard to enhance its customer relationship management system and to maintain its customer- focused strategy. By collecting data on customer demand and complaints and sharing them with operational departments, the Group aims to convert customer complaints into opportunities to upgrade the quality of its products and services. The Group strives to improve the quality of its projects and to provide customers with a choice of highly differentiated and desirable products. The Group continues to stick to a development model focused on mid-range to high-end products that aims to maximise profit for the Group.
The Group strives to consolidate and then strengthen its unique and immense competitive advantages in the mainland property sector by continuing to be innovative and with its core advantage of a prime product and branding strongly supported by its expertise in design, construction, sales planning, customer service and property management.

The brand of an enterprise is the most valuable intangible asset and a vital competitive tool. The Group firmly follows the operation philosophy of A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care (|0}O TLr}q) in order to reinforce the elite image of China Overseas Property products. The Group tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each stands out and sets the pace among high-end products in the area. Through the successful launch of many high quality, value-for-money projects in and outside China, the China Overseas Property brand is highly regarded within and outside the China property industry. The brand reflects the culture of an organisation and in the case of the Company that include the pursuit of high quality product by China Overseas Property and the mission of providing products with value beyond the cost through continuous innovation. Branding is one of the Group s primary and effective competitive edges. A strong brand brings trust of customers, who will pay a higher premium for a quality-assured product. Therefore, enhancement of product quality and branding is effective in mitigating the effects of lower home prices, and reducing marketing costs. To operate under such a highly regarded brand enables the Group to earn higher profits than its peers and facilitates the Group s pursuit of its long term goal of becoming an evergreen 
The Group will continue to promote its corporate brand and to spread the China Overseas Property brand systematically in newly entered cities and territories. The ultimate goal is to make the China Overseas Property brand the most valuable brand in the mid-range to high-end property market throughout 
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and control the pace of its project development and sales appropriately. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets and ensure sustainable growth in the scale and profitability of its operations. Taking into account the market situation, it is planned that in 2013, the Group will commence development of an additional 10 million sq m, bringing the total area under development to a peak level of over 25 million sq m; it is targeted that projects with GFA of 9 million sq m will be completed and sales of not less than HK$100 billion will be achieved.
The Group will take advantage of the synergy generated by the highly respected China Overseas Property brand in the high-end sector of the mainland China property market to ensure the successful sales of the completed luxury projects in Hong Kong and the smooth development and presale of the Nova project in Sai Ying Pun.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resource allocation for short-term and long-term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns and to enhance its capability to balance market risk. In the long term, the Group will work towards securing a profit contribution from investment property of at least 20% of total profit.
Currently, the total area of commercial property under development and yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 3 million sq m. Most of this will be completed before 2015 and about 50% will be retained as long-term investment property.
Unipark shopping malls (t[W) in Jinan and Shenyang were launched in November and were 
The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead.
Taking into account the cash inflow from its sales, the Group will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and capture opportunities offered by market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve through a variety of means and channels. It is intended that the Group will enter three or four new cities in 2013 and the replenishment of its land reserve will not be less than 8 million sq m in GFA.
Up to the date of the results announcement, the Group (excluding COGO) has in 2013 acquired three parcels of land in three mainland cities with a total GFA of 1.47 million sq m while COGO has acquired three parcels of land in three mainland cities with a total GFA of 1.46 million sq m.

The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint venture cooperation and mergers and acquisitions. At the end of 2012, the Group has invested HK$23.34 billion in the joint ventures and associated companies. The profit contribution from joint ventures in 2012 showed a remarkable improvement to HK$2.30 billion. COGO is an associated company of the Group that focuses on third- and fourth-tier mainland cities and is expected to develop rapidly in the coming years and will effectively complement the business of China Overseas Property. COGO recorded sales of HK$13.52 billion, a turnover of HK9.72 billion and a net profit of HK$2.49 billion for the year 2012. After adjusting for the profit booked by the Group when control of COGO was acquired in 2010, the Group shared a net profit of about HK$340 million. The real estate fund established by the Group is operating 
Market Leading Status China is a vast country whose economy is developing at varying rates, and its property markets are also at different stages at any one time. However, comprehensive nationwide strategic coverage enables the Group to balance risks caused by volatility in economic and market cycles. The Group will continue to strengthen and balance its nationwide development strategy by actively exploring new markets that offer strong potential. In order to increase its leadership of the industry in terms of turnover, net profit, brand value and innovative products, the Group will continue to focus on the formulation and execution of policies and regulations, the development of the Group s human resources, securing critical and relevant data resources, risk management and the enhancement of operating efficiency. Through improvement in the Group s overall competitiveness, the Group can actively acquire high-value land at low cost, maintain a customer-focused strategy, and continue to improve its product quality as the Group holds to its philosophy of practising professionalism in Each and every detail of each and every project (N z|T0jj|T), in order to ensure that we retain our market leadership status.
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management and will increase the speed with which it collects the proceeds of sales. The Group will tightly control its sales and marketing, administration and financial expenses and stick firmly to the principle of Cash is king. Receipts determine payments (sps N6e[e). Meanwhile, it is expected that the quantitative measures and low interest rates will persist through this year. While the Group has only about HK$7 billion of bank loans due in Hong Kong in this year and next year and the pressure on refinancing is light, it will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international and Hong Kong financial markets. To safeguard capacity, and hence ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business development, the Group will speed up asset turnover and enhance its ability to protect its resources. In February 2013, the Company was assigned by Fitch the investment credit rating of BBB+ with a stable outlook. This is the highest rating assigned to homebuilders and reflects the leadership status of the Group in the China property sector and the recognition of the credit standing of the Group. It also helps improve the debt profile of the Group, through the issue of long-term fixed-rate debt.
The Group will continue to upgrade and promote its ERP system to enhance the communication of project and financial information, intensify cash-flow control across all regions, increase cash inflow and effectively combat the risk of any shortage in liquidity.

The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group and its own capacities. In the past 11 years, the Group achieved a compound annual growth rate of 43.6% in its net profit. Despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector, the Group was able to overcome obstacles, maintain sustainable development and beat operational targets, and still achieved compound annual growth of 34.7% in its net profit for the past five years, demonstrating the Group s strength and brand advantage. The coming year, 2013, is expected to be complex and ever- changing as affected by the unfavourable global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. (Na_{L |{ ) With its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation. The Group is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced 
The Group continues to endeavour to develop itself into an evergreen enterprise. The Group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, working atmosphere and motivation for staff. The Group is committed to aligning individual success with the core values of the long-term development of the Group by upholding integrity, creativity, pragmatism, and perfection. The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and 
Lastly, I wish to express my heartfelt appreciation to the members of the Board for their outstanding leadership, the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and the entire staff for their dedication.
By Order of the Board China Overseas Land & Investment Limited 
