Chairman s Statement The audited consolidated profit after taxation and minority interests of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2009 increased by 48% to HK$7.47 billion. Earnings per share were HK91.6 cents, an increase of 43%. Total shareholders funds increased by 27% to HK$42.1 billion.
Net assets per share were HK$5.15, an increase of 22% on 2008, and average return on shareholders funds reached 19.3%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK13 cents per share for 
I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: In 2009, the Group adhered to its operational watchword: Sharpening Capabilities for Sustained Growth.
Turnover increased by 98% to HK$37.3 billion, and consolidated net profit increased by 48% to HK$7.47 billion. The consolidated net profit of the Group has sustained a compound increase of about 47.4% in the past five years. This comprises annual increases of over 20%, fulfilling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and investors.

As a result of the 2008 global financial crisis, economic development in many countries was adversely affected to varied extent. Major developed countries in Europe, as well as the United States and Japan, have gradually stumbled out of recession but a full global economic recovery is yet to be seen. Under the central government s proactive fiscal policies and moderately loose monetary policies, and coupled with the implementation of a basket of stimulus measures, the economic downturn in China was effectively staved off. In 2009, China still achieved strong GDP growth of 8.7%. Improved economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau was also seen.
In 2009, the Group adhered to its operational watchword: Sharpening Capabilities for Sustained Growth. By mastering such fluctuating market conditions, the Group achieved a substantial jump in its sales and profit.
Turnover increased by about 98% to HK$37.3 billion, and consolidated net profit increased by 48% to HK$7.5 billion.
The consolidated net profit of the Group has sustained a compound increase of more than 47.4% in the past five years (2005-2009). This comprises annual increases of over 20% in each of the past seven years (2003-2009), fulfilling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and 
The Group adhered firmly to its direction and target for its China real estate operation. It did not defer completion schedules of its ongoing projects nor carry out forced sales at low prices even during the difficult times in 2008.
Instead, the Group gathered its strength and watched for the upturn and for other opportunities in the market.
Taking advantage of the release of pent-up demand and the V-shaped rebound, the Group expedited its stock sales in the first half of 2009. Meeting strong market demand and also as a result of targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures, the Group achieved an excellent result in both the price and transaction volume of its sales in the second half of the year. The turnover of the Group s China property development business increased by 110% to HK$36.1 billion, the gross profit margin was satisfactory at 31.1%, and the operating profit increased by 62% to HK$10.3 billion. Through timely adoption of greater sales flexibility, the stock of the two projects in Hong Kong and the La Cit project in Macau were cleared at good prices, generating turnover of HK$280 million; the gross profit margin was 60%. Hong Kong and Macau operations brought in an operating profit of HK$156 million.

During the year, the China real estate market has evidently improved. The Group achieved another sales record of HK$47.8 billion in 2009 (including its share of sales in syndicated projects), an increase of 80% on 2008. The total area of properties sold was 4.8 million sq m, an increase of 76% on 2008. Pre-sales amounted to about HK$20.0 billion as at the end of 2009 (of which HK$17.5 billion has been received), an increase of 41%.
Total sales of properties in China remained robust, amounting to HK$47.0 billion, an increase of 81% on the previous year; the area sold was 4.8 million sq m, representing an increase of 76% on 2008.
During the year, 46 projects in China with aggregate GFA of 5.1 million sq m were completed for occupation. Total saleable area of these residential projects was 4.1 million sq m, of which 86% had been sold by the end of 2009, corresponding to an area of 3.5 million sq m and sales value of HK$33.3 billion.
Furthermore, sales of properties held for sale were satisfactory. During the year, 0.6 million sq m was sold for approximately HK$7.3 billion and, at the end of 2009, about 0.9 million sq m of properties were held for sale.
Most of the stock in Macau and Hong Kong was sold, resulting in revenue of HK$830 million. The sales turnover was HK$280 million.

The Beijing China Overseas Plaza was completed at the end of 2008 and progress in leasing has been satisfactory.
The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties (comprising a total area of over 0.2 million sq m) was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$195 million, representing a decrease of 3% on 2008; segment results amounted to HK$1.5 billion which included an increase in fair value of properties of HK$1.3 billion (the net income after tax was HK$955 million). Operating profit was HK$160 million, representing a decrease of 5% as compared with 2008.

As at 31 December 2009, the Group had a total land reserve of about 30.6 million sq m (attributable interest of about 27.0 million sq m) in 20 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau. This is enough to meet its requirements for development, and to assure annual profit increases of over 20% in the next four to five years.
Taking account of the economic environment, trends in the real estate market, the funding capabilities of the Group, the land reserve on hand and the quality and cost of new land parcels, eleven parcels of land were acquired in 2009 in ten cities in China Chengdu, Shanghai, Jinan, Shenyang, Chongqing, Foshan, Ningbo, Qingdao, Changchun and Zhuhai. These land parcels provide an aggregate gross floor area (GFA) of 12.1 million sq m (attributable interest of 10.9 million sq m). The Group s focus this year was to expand the Northern Territory and the Hua Bei Territory. By establishing the Western Territory to oversee business in Chengdu, Chongqing and Xian and consolidating its success in the Hua Dong Territory and Hua Nan Territory, the Group achieved its objective of a balanced distribution of investment.
During 2009, the Group seized an opportunity and completed the land premium compensation of the Fanling project at a low price. It also purchased another parcel of land in Kowloon Tong at the end of the year. These provide a strong foundation for the Group s property development business in Hong Kong in the high-end 
The Group adheres strictly to the principle of a prudent financial management policy. Finance, treasury and fundraising activities of the Group are subject to centralised management and supervision. During the year, property sales in China were exceptionally good, providing ample cash inflow to the Group and reinforcing the Group s financial position. The Group continued to receive the support of its controlling shareholder China State Construction Engineering Limited ( CSCL ), which was listed in China on 29 July 2009, raising over HK$55.0 billion. In anticipation of the Group s funding requirements for land purchases, about 8.5 billion yuan (HK$9.7 billion) of short-term financing was received from a wholly owned subsidiary of CSCL in December 2009. Shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$33.2 billion at the end of 2008 to HK$42.1 billion at the end of 2009. The net gearing ratio at the end of 2009 showed a decrease from 46.8% the previous year to about 22.4%.
As at 31 December 2009, outstanding bank loans and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$21.3 billion and about HK$2.3 billion (US$300 million) respectively; and cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$23.9 billion. Together with available banking facilities of about HK$2.7 billion, the total funds available amounted to approximately HK$26.6 billion.

The Group firmly believes that the quality of human resources and the level of knowledge capital are important benchmarks in assessing the competitiveness of an enterprise. Personal capability is enhanced through skills development, staff training and job rotation. Long-term development of the Group and personal development of staff are closely interrelated and mutually reinforcing. This is a pre-eminent feature of the Group s corporate culture and human resource management style.
After assiduous promotion in recent years, the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have become recognised human resource brands in the mainland property industry. Staff recruited through these two schemes have steadily become an important element supporting the sustainable and stable development of the Group. In 2009, Sons of the Sea was acclaimed as the most respected brand among top universities and the property industry. The Company was named Best Graduate Employer in China and also received a China Human Resources Management Prize .

The Board recognises that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group and thereby to enhance shareholder value. Good corporate governance is the key to improving corporate profit and assuring sustainable development. The Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure that the Group s businesses are run efficiently and its assets and shareholders interests are well protected. In the past years, the Group has actively promoted corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk 
The annual report is a primary tool for communication with investors. The 2008 annual report was recognised in the influential international ARC Awards and Mercury Awards.
This aligns with the Group s continued efforts to improve its communications with investors.

The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well-regulated formal system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief works, educational subsidies, charitable donations and community services.
Since 2005, the Group has donated over 30 million yuan for the construction of four China Overseas Hope Schools and the rebuilding of the Du Jiang Yan Special Education School. The resources and facilities provided to these schools have greatly enhanced the education environment and capabilities of the locality.
The Group continued to apply environmental protection and energy conservation concepts such as carbon footprint and green construction throughout its corporate development strategy, as well as to the design and construction of its property projects. The aim is to help build a greener society and ensure a healthy living environment that enables sustainability in the natural environment in and around our projects. As a property developer, the Group can make a major contribution towards the economy, infrastructure development, environmental enhancement and provision of job opportunities in urban areas.
In recognition of the Group s commitment to discharging its corporate social obligations, the Company was acknowledged as one of the Top 20 Corporate Socially Responsible Property Enterprises in China in 2009.

In 2009, the Group received numerous awards. China Overseas Property was acknowledged as number one among China s 20 Most Valued Property Brands and its brand value increased to 14.05 billion yuan. It was also acknowledged as the number one among Leading China Property Brands and for six years in a row has been voted the number-one China Blue Chip Real Estate Developer.
China Overseas Property was awarded six Zhan Tian Yao (y)YQO) awards for excellence in its quality, design and management and two CNBC International Property 
It is expected that governments worldwide will continue to maintain various stimulus measures aimed at boosting their economies and fighting recession. The effects of such support measures may vary from country to country.
As real economic growth and higher employment have yet to be seen, fundamental conflicts (including in trade) among different economies have intensified and there is some protectionist sentiment. As a result of globalisation, the economic development of every country is now closely linked to that in all the others. Any change in the relationships among countries can generate substantial positive or negative effects. The global economic outlook in 2010 is full of uncertainty.
China achieved GDP growth of over 8% in 2009 but there were subsequent concerns about an overheating economy and inflation. The Chinese central government has started to adopt a more flexible monetary policy. In January 2010, for the first time in one and a half years, the central bank increased the deposit reserve rate and there was a second increase in February. It is possible that credit liquidity will be tightened again and interest rates increased. Economic development in Hong Kong and Macau will be affected to some extent. The year 2010 will be a challenging one for 
It is expected that competition in the China property market in 2010 will intensify. In an exceptional 2009, a strong rebound in the property market led to consolidation of prices at a high level and also triggered adjustments in government policies for year 2010. Some recent policies and measures have already affected the property market in the short term. Nevertheless, the Group is still optimistic about the long-term development of the mainland China property market. Property has become a pillar industry in China and is critical to the economic development of the country. Moreover, rapid ongoing urbanisation will continue to drive the property market for some time yet.
Greater volatility in the China property market is anticipated amid increased uncertainty. For the industry as a whole, there are more challenges than opportunities.
However, property developers that are operationally and financially sound and have a strong brand name will be at a relative advantage. The Group will follow the market closely so as to improve its sensitivity towards market developments. By mastering changes in the market and the stages of the economic cycle, the Group will be able to seize investment opportunities including the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. The Group will continue to enter new cities and strengthen its balanced nationwide strategy. The Group will also continue to enhance its operational and management capability, so that it is able to maintain sustainable growth even in times of uncertainty and can consolidate its leading status in the 
It is expected that the property market in Hong Kong and Macau, especially the high-end segment, will continue to be buoyant. In 2010, the Group will seek opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group holds to its philosophy of Excellent Integrity, Eternal and Excellent Products (OSS |T8lR).
This operational approach will not change as the scale of its operation grows. The Group strictly adheres to its undertakings and conducts business with complete integrity. The Group continues to apply the longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation.
Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. It tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each project stands out and sets the pace among high-end products in the area.
The Group also endeavours to maintain its high levels of creativity and to continuously consolidate and expand its market and customer base. The Group works hard to enhance its customer relationship management system and to uphold its customer-focused strategy. By collecting data on customer demand and sharing it with operational departments, the Group strives to improve the quality of its projects and to provide customers with a choice of highly differentiated and desirable products. The Group continues to actively stimulate familiarity with its nationwide branded products and to provide customers with the best products and a full range of reliable consolidated services.

China Overseas Property (-Nwm0W"u) is a leading brand name in the mainland China property sector. During the year, China Overseas Property was acknowledged as number one among China s 20 Most Valued Property Brands and the brand value of China Overseas Property increased by over 40% to 14.05 billion yuan. The Group s projects were widely recognised for their quality, design and management and received numerous awards. The brand value of an enterprise is based on its image in the community, its capability to act with a high level of corporate citizenship and effective corporate governance.
The Group keenly recognises that an enterprise must continue to deliver high quality products even as the scale of its operation grows. The Group realises the brand name of China Overseas Property could be further promoted and become more widely and deeply recognised. The Group will increasingly emphasise building the China Overseas Property brand by launching more active and sophisticated promotion programmes, especially in newly entered cities.
Brand building will consolidate the competitiveness of the Group and help raise the Group s scale and profit to a 
Sustainable Project Development Under more volatile and unpredictable market conditions for its mainland China property business, the Group will closely monitor the market and control the pace of its project development and sales appropriately. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales techniques, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets as well as ensure sustainable growth in the scale and profit of its operations. It is planned that in 2010, the Group will commence development of an additional 9.0 million sq m, bringing the total area under development to around 16.0 million sq m. A total of 105 projects with GFA of 6.0 million sq m will be completed for occupation. The Group will strive to achieve total sales of not less than 4.8 million sq m for 2010, a slight increase 
The Group will allocate sufficient resources to ensure the successful sales of the two luxury projects in Hong Kong (in Stanley and Kowloon Tong) and the smooth development of the Fanling project and the other newly acquired Kowloon Tong project.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resource allocation for short-term and long- term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns and to enhance its capability to balance market risk. Currently, the total area of commercial property under development and yet to be developed by the Group exceeds 2.0 million sq m, with most expected to be completed by the end of 2012 and about 1.0 million sq m to be retained as long-term investment property. It is expected that from 2015 onwards, the Group will have stable rental of not less than HK$1.2 billion per year from its investment properties. Furthermore, it is expected that the Group will soon dispose of the Nanjing Yangtze River II Bridge, and thus withdraw fully from the infrastructure 
Under more volatile and unpredictable market conditions, the Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead. It will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and capture opportunities offered by market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve through a variety of means and channels. It is intended that the Group will enter three or four new cities in 2010 and the replenishment of its land reserve will not be less than 6 million sq m.
Up to the date of the results announcement, the Group has acquired 9 pieces of land in 8 mainland cities in 2010, with a total GFA of 2.6 million sq m.

The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint venture cooperation and mergers and acquisitions. Continuing financial benefits are expected in the near to medium term from the Group s joint ventures. On 17th March 2010, the Group entered into a joint venture agreement for the purpose of the establishment and management of a property fund. Details of the joint venture agreement have been announced. The acquisition of the control of Shell Electric Mfg (Holdings) Company Limited (stock code: 81) is at its final stage, the result of which will be disclosed 
Market Leading Status China is a vast country whose economy is developing at varying rates, and its property markets are also at different stages at any one time. However, comprehensive nationwide strategic coverage enables the Group to balance risks caused by volatility in economic and market cycles. The Group will continue to strengthen and balance its nationwide development strategy by actively exploring new markets that offer strong potential. In order to increase its leadership of the industry in terms of turnover, net profit, brand value and innovative products, the Group will continue to focus on the formulation and execution of policies and regulations, the development of the Group s human resources, protection of tangible and intangible resources, risk management and the enhancement of operating efficiency. Through improvement in the Group s overall competitiveness, the Group can actively acquire high-value land at low cost, maintain a customer-focused strategy, and continue to improve its product quality as the Group holds to its philosophy of practising professionalism in each and every detail and in each and every project.
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management while it strives to improve its fund management capability. The Group will explore new channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international, Hong Kong and mainland China financial markets in order to enhance its financial strength and resources and to increase its asset protection capabilities.
Mindful of possible further liquidity shortages, and taking into consideration possible interest rate increases and RMB appreciation, on 5 February 2010 the Group secured a HK$8 billion, five-year long-term loan facility. To further strengthen its debt structure, the Group may seize market opportunities to secure other financing of a longer tenor.
The Group will continue to upgrade and promote its ERP system to enhance the communication of project and financial information, intensify cash flow control across all regions, increase cash inflow and effectively combat the risks brought about by any shortage in liquidity.
Prudent financial management and strong financial capabilities allow the Group to avoid the need to sell heavily at low prices when the market is weak and position the Group to seize business opportunities and to acquire prime land at satisfactory prices. This structure provides a secure base for the sustainable and rapid growth of the 
On 25 January 2010, Moody s upgraded the Company s issuer and bond ratings to Baa2Stable outlook. The upgrade reflected the recognition of the market to the Group s solid and stable financial profile and also its market-leading status. The investment ratings of the Company by Standard & Poor s remain unchanged at BBB- 
The Board is confident about prospects for the Group.
Strong profit growth has been sustained for seven consecutive years despite the impact of the global financial crisis in the past two years. The Group was able to maintain growth in the difficult 2008 and to seize opportunities in the blossoming 2009. This demonstrates the Group s strength and flexibility. It validates the Group s focus on its core business and reflects the commitment of its staff. Moreover it demonstrates how the Group can meet challenges and emerge as the best in the industry.
The year 2010 will be full of opportunities and challenges.
The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. Through its hard work and persistent innovation and by continuously enhancing its operating and management capability, the Group is fully confident of its performance in 2010.
Furthermore, with its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness.
The Group is very confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China real estate industry and achieve steady high-quality balanced growth. The Group has built a solid foundation to grow into an evergreen 
The Group strives to bring out the best value in its human resources, and places great emphasis on establishing a satisfactory operational and working environment. The Group is committed to enhancing shareholder value, raising its standards of corporate governance, moral integrity and corporate citizenship, and improving its core competitiveness through continuous innovation.
The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community. The Board will endeavour to develop the Group into an evergreen 
Lastly, I would like to thank the members of the Board for their outstanding leadership, the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and the entire staff for their dedication.
By order of the Board China Overseas Land & Investment Ltd.

