CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Given the substantial change in the overall economic environment, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) ascertained its strategy for a more stable and sustainable development in 2008.
Through the slowdown in large scale investments, persistent optimization of its business development, moderate expansion, integration of resources and positive but cautious adjustments to its internal affairs, the Group s business development became more specific, professional and flexible, and its internal control became more scientific, prudent and regulated. Meanwhile, strengthening in brand name operations and product quality has further established the Group s leading position in the sectors of property investment and development, IT application services as well as culture & 
Though there was no project available for sale during 2008, the stable strategy and strong foundation for business development in place will serve as the corner- stone for bringing the Group s sales and overall businesses into a phase of stable and high yield in 2009 
I. PROPERTY INVESTMENT AND 
1. Industry Overview In 2008, due to the consolidated effects by both factors of global financial crisis and China domestic macro-economic control in 2007, economic growth in China emerged a slow-down phenomenon.
According to National Bureau of Statistics of China, sales turnover of residential properties of the country in terms of saleable area from January to November 2008 declined by 19% by comparing with the same period in 2007, and there was a downward trend in price in the property markets in 
In October 2008, a number of new policies were introduced for thriving the development of national economy. Policies pertaining to the property sector include a decrease in property sales tax, a waiver of stamp duty as well as land value added tax, adjustment to the percentage of minimum down payment and favorable interest rates on property mortgages. These adjustments to policies are essential to reinforcing the importance of property sector in the national economy, and considerably unleashing the rigid demand of the market. As a result, turnover of residential properties in major cities started to rebound in November 2008.
In view of the extent of the new policies, it is obvious that the Chinese government authorities are supporting the property market. In case the expectations cannot be achieved, more effective measures are expected to be launched. As per the latest market data monitored by China Index Research Institute (-N Wcxexvzb), the property ownership ratios in Shenzhen and Guangzhou are 32.2% and 46.7% respectively. The lower ownership ratio implies the existence of a huge potential property market. Being the first lot of property market experienced adjustments to the largest extent, turnover of self-occupied properties in both Shenzhen and Guangzhou initiated an upward trend under the guidance of state policies since November 2008. Property markets in Shenzhen and Guangzhou are expected to be prosperous again in 2009.
2. Project Overview Main structural construction works of Phase 2 of The Peninsula with a site area of 65,028.90 sq.m. and a total gross floor area of 293,122.06 sq.m. were completed in October 2008. Interior decoration, construction of ancillary facilities, road networking and landscaping are underway.
Top-notch secondary school and kindergarten in Shenzhen will be led in Phase 2 of The Peninsula , and marketing initiatives for the commercial spaces there are being implemented satisfactorily. Upon completion, the project will provide a residential community of the highest quality in the region with the most comprehensive conveniences.
Pre-sale permit for Phase 2 of The Peninsula was obtained in December 2008 and pre-sale started in January 2009. Although the property market is currently in adjustment, the Group is optimistic about the sales of Phase 2 of The Peninsula : " Macro measures help to restore people s confidence in buying properties.
" The Peninsula project has retained a large pool of loyal customers.
" The construction quality of the project as well as its location and the brand name awareness of customers, all form good sales 
" Only a few projects of similar quality in the vicinity compete with The Peninsula .
" In order to promote sales and minimize risks, different marketing approaches are employed in different stages according to product features and customers requirements. Different sales strategies for sales modeling are designed to launch different products of the project to the 
It is planned to sell 70-75% of Phase 2 of the project in 2009, and the sales proceeds of RMB3 billion to RMB3.5 billion are expected. Units sold will be delivered to the buyers by the end of 2009 and the beginning of 2010. A strong cash inflow is expected in 2009.
Dongjing Xincheng , a mega-size international modern community located in the vicinity of Guangzhou New Baiyun Airport in the Huadu District of Guangzhou, will enter a stage of full development. The air logistics industry with FedEx as a leading player will flourish along the perimeter of this development, and it is expected that working population will increase drastically, and only FedEx alone will bring new employments of around 80,000. Route 9 of the underground railway scheduled to be in operation in 2010 and the confirmation by the authorities of the light rail project will significantly improve the traffic flow around this project.
The site of Dongjing Xincheng project is located in the Dongjing village of Huadu district in Guangzhou, occupying a site area of 922 mu.
The Guangzhou Planning Bureau has approved the project to be developed into a total gross floor area of about 1.3 million sq.m., of which about 1.03 million sq.m. will be for commercial and residential purpose. This project comprises high-rise residential buildings with various ancillary facilities including community service centre, shopping boulevard, kindergarten, school as well as a spacious greenery 
Master plan of this project has been approved by the authorities, and application for the construction of 0.35 million sq.m. of its gross floor area has been submitted. Procedures in respect of approval and planning, land acquisition, municipal services, fire services and security services are completed, and the planning permit for construction project has been obtained. In compliance with the local government s policies, layout plan of the project has been adjusted and modified to facilitate future marketing initiatives for the project.

In view of the long-standing positive development of China s property sector and such aspects as resources, brand name and customer base that the Group has built up in recent years, commencement of the projects in Shenzhen and Guangzhou in 2009 will lead the Group to a healthy sate with on-going and steady growth in financial income.
Meanwhile, the Group will continue to focus on completing its strategic deployment in the property sector and reinforcing the brand name establishment and operation process for being equipped for its sustainable development.
Phase 3 of The Peninsula will commence in 2009. This phase is located in the north-east corner of The Peninsula which is situated in a prime location with Shekou Hill to its north and Shenzhen Bay to its east. Phase 3 project has a site area of about 57,000 sq.m. and a total gross floor area of about 190,000 sq.m.. The biotope comprises mainly high-rise and ultra high-rise residential buildings. As many units as possible are to be designed to lie on a northsouth axis and command a panoramic view. Ancillary facilities in this phase together with other in-use and in progress facilities in other phases will constitute a complete community facility network.
In order to comply with the government s policy adjustments and to facilitate future marketing initiatives for Guangzhou Dongjing Xincheng , the Group again made substantial modifications to the layout plan of the project. Construction preparation and application for modifications to the layout plan are being processed.
Establishment of ]1uN7uP[C|tOj (Guangzhou Freeman Basketball Club) is in line with the Group s overall development strategy in Guangzhou, with particular attention being paid to the brand building and marketing activities for the property project in Guangzhou. A men s professional basketball club set up by ]qg eW?b0W"u gPlQS (Guangzhou Dongjing Xincheng Properties Co., Ltd.), a subsidiary of the Company, and Administration of Sports of Guangzhou Municipality has been set up in early 2009. Being the sole men s professional basketball team in Guangzhou, the project got strong support from the Basketball Administration Centre of China s General Administration of Sports, Chinese Basketball Association, People s Government of Guangzhou Municipality, Sports Bureau of Guangdong Province and Administration of Sports of Guangzhou Municipality.
II. SHAREHOLDING BUSINESS 
1. IT Sector Corporate IT Application Services Having ten years of development, the Company has, through its subsidiaries, CE Dongli Technology Group Company Limited ( CE Dongli ) and S Ne}xexOobS gPlQS (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited) ( Xinnet ), established its leading position in corporate IT application services market, and will further consolidate and strengthen its position in 2008.
2008 was a year in which CE Dongli underwent intensive reformation. Given the Group s deep understanding to the needs in SME s IT market accumulated for years, CE Dongli successfully launched a series of IT service products, such as Digital Business Z (xeFUZ) and Z Mail (Z@), and as a result, its leading position in the markets of website development, mailbox, and network promotion in China was strengthened and its professional IT operation image was established.
Meanwhile, by means of upgrading of operating service systems, CE Dongli further enhanced its service quality and operation ability.
2009 will be a year of continuing reform and development for CE Dongli. CE Dongli will base on its development foundation in 2008 further ascertain and affirm its development direction, and keep promoting and perfecting its product and service strategies to satisfy SME s IT demands in China; expanding its business ability; focusing on customer relationship; enhancing customer experience; and creating customer value for driving CE Dongli to the vertical integration of IT 
In 2009, Xinnet will greatly expand its internet application value-added services such as virtual- hosting, mailbox, server rental and virtual private server (VPS), and increase its IT infrastructure service operation s capability.
For the internet B2B service market, yidaba.com , an enterprise portal recently acquired by the Group, persistently aimed at gathering SMEs by means of network for developing a business circle for SMEs, and successfully launched an online direct sale electronic business services in 2008. The business model is coming in to shape, which will be a solid foundation for future development.
Office Software Products SN}e-NeNNbS gPlQS (Beijing Redflag Chinese 2000 Software Technology Company Limited) ( Redflag 2000 ), a subsidiary of the Company, persisted the concept of basing open source software and promulgated open source standard as well as comprehensive self innovation. In 2008, Redflag 2000 further strengthened its position as a leading open source enterprise in China, and explored ways and methods for Chinese enterprises participating to international open source community, thus it was highly recognized by the international community OpenOffice.org. It successfully held the 6th OpenOffice.org international annual conference, the scale and impact of which out-performed the previous conferences. Currently, Redflag 2000 has become the second largest technological power in the world community (SUN Microsystems is the powerful one). In addition, Redflag 2000 has facilitated the progress of Chinese UOF standard, and made valuable contribution to the promotion of the Chinese standard.
In 2008, Redflag 2000 achieved relatively significant progress in technology innovation and product R&D, it successively launched RedOiffice4.0 and products in many other different versions.
Meanwhile, Redflag 2000 has further strengthened its strategic cooperation with SN-NybS gR-N_ gPlQS (Beijing Loongson Technology Service Co., Ltd.) ( Loongson ), and sped up the realization of nationwide commercialization of solutions. RedOffice in Loongson version pre- installed in Loongson notebooks will be widely used for basic IT education in China.
In 2009, on top of its success achieved in 2008, Redflag 2000 will launch a comprehensive promotion campaign on internet for promoting the use of RedOffice as a main tool for providing IT application services. In the meantime, to coordinate with the national policy of self- development in IT industry, Redflag 2000 will gradually increase the application in major business sectors and strengthen the strategic cooperation with Loongson, and to further promote the comprehensive solution of open source software and Loongson CPU in basic education sector and e-Government service sector, for making contributions to enhance self innovative abilities in IT industry in China.
Financial Information Services Facing the global economic crisis and the uncertainty of the financial markets, China investors should emphasize on rational and prudent investments, broadening their view and using professional financial information analysis and data to establish their investment strategies.
SNN WOo gPlQS (Beijing Shihua International Financial Information Company Limited) ( Shihua ), a subsidiary of the Company, will take advantage of the above opportunity and focus on the demand for international financial information services and to lead domestic financial information industry towards the professional and international standards. On the other hand, the impact of financial crisis on such financial institute as banks and securities firms is to reduce their overall expenses on IT outsourcing services in the short run, which directly affect the operation results of Shihua.
In 2008, N (Shihua Caixun) , a product and service brand managed and operated by Shihua, entered into cooperation agreements with major stock exchanges around the world, and become the first financial information provider in China with official authorization from various international stock exchanges. The international market data value-added services provided by Shihua Caixun include such benchmark products as major energy, metal, agricultural products, FX and derivatives in Europe and the US provided by the aforesaid international exchanges. The international information value-added services are distributed through i-cube dual monitor wealth management terminals and a-cube financial terminal product series of Shihua Caixun .
In addition, Shihua has extended its professional advantage from corporate market to general public market. Caixun.com through its value-added services, such as financial information, investment and wealth management knowledge, wealth management community and analysis reports, and its nationwide marketing campaigns, has gradually gained recognition in the industry.
In 2009, Shihua will continue its strategic cooperation with well-known international financial information and analysis institutions in the relevant field, with an aim to strengthen its advantage as an authoritative local institution.
Besides, Shihua will keep improving and enhancing its ability, and persist to lead the development of the financial sector in China with information analyzing standards that comply with international professional standards. The Group believes that these efforts will be accepted by the market and 
Distance Learning Education Services In 2008, SNY'Y0W zYe}a} gR gP lQS (Beijing Chinese Dadi Distance Education Company Limited) ( Chinese Dadi ), a subsidiary of the Company, made aggressive and effective adjustments to its headcount and business structure. Chinese Dadi maintained its leading position in distance learning education industry and also recorded continuous growth in the number of students for first time and repeated subscription.
Through its comprehensive product mix, well- established learning support service system, flexible online sales model, close cooperation with examination centres of Ministry of Education, various local examination institutions and famous tertiary institutions, Chinese Dadi has strengthened its brand image and facilitated continuous growth in its operating results.
In 2009, Chinese Dadi will keep focusing on the individual learning market, optimizing the online course subscription procedures, increase user s loyalty to the website and increase the conversion rate from website users to students so as to strive to develop as the Number One website for continuing education in China.
2. Culture and Media Sector 
Although the macro-economic environment was not very optimistic in 2008, the performance of culture and media industry in China, especially movie industry under positive effect from digitalization was outstanding in the whole domestic economy. According to China Movie Industry Annual Development Report (-N W q_mit|vU1XJT), gross box-office reached RMB4.341 billion in 2008, representing an increase of 26% by comparing with 2007. Digitalization was an important factor contributing to the growth of box office. In the meantime, digital conversion of television has commenced gradually in China on a nationwide basis, and digitalized cable television has become popular in large and medium cities of the country. In light of the mergers of some major telecommunication corporations and the progress of marketization of broadcasting and television industry, the trend of merging television and the internet (including the mobile terminal) is irreversible, and a new economic growth point is now emerging in the multimedia industry.

In recent years, China has been initiating in-depth reforms to the decades-long film distribution and showing mechanism, and introducing the cinema network mechanism in line with international practice. Aiming at raising the economic cooperation level between the Mainland and Hong Kong and realising mutual development, the subject of CEPA (Closer Economic Partnership Arrangement), which eliminates various limitations set by State Administration of Radio, Film and Television ( SARFT ) for restricting foreign investors from entering China, allowing Hong Kong movie industry participants to build new cinemas or rebuild existing ones in the Mainland by means of wholly foreign-owned enterprise for operating movie screening business. Cinemas in the form of joint venture and Hong Kong-based cinemas eventually opened up the uncharted territory of the Mainland, which was regarded as an injection of new elements into the culture market in China. In July 2008, in order to provide a better development space for culture industry and by taking into account of the synergy effect of the property development projects, the Group acquired Dadi Entertainment Limited ( Dadi ) and its subsidiary, qg'Y0Wq_b- gPlQS (Guangdong Dadi Cinema Construction Limited), from its listed subsidiary, Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ). Subsequent to the acquisition of Dadi, the Group further acquired a Chinese domestic cinema operation company namely 'Y0Wq_b|vU gPlQS (Dadi Cinema Development Limited), and positioned it as a subsidiary of Dadi.
Because of the government s strong encouragement and support for the digital movie industry, Dadi started its investment in building fully-digitalized cinemas in second and third tier cities and towns in the vicinity of Guangzhou. The investment and construction activities are from second and third tier cities and towns in Guangdong Province to Pearl River Delta Region, Yangtze River Delta Region and Bohai Rim Region. For the year ended 2008, there were 21 digital cinemas completed and operating with 54 screens and more than 12,000 seats.
In early 2009, Dadi set up a wholly-owned subsidiary in China for film distribution business, which is one of the few Hong Kong film distributors in China allowed to distribute Chinese domestic produced movies.
Looking ahead, Dadi will further invest in the construction of digital cinema and about 60 new cinemas with 300 screens are expected to be in operation by the end of 2009. By 2011, it is expected that Dadi will have in aggregate 1,000 screens in operation, becoming an essential part of the digital cinema construction in China and contributing to the popularity of digital movies in China. At the same time, Dadi will carry on the expansion of hotel VOD (hotel video-on- demand television) service business and build up relating business models. Besides, by continuously perfecting the professional websites with functions of online ticket sales and ticket sales by mobile phones and strengthening operation services, the Group will be able to realise a continuous and steady growth in culture and media business.
3. Technological Development In 2008, the Group continued to increase overall investment in technology and R&D, including recruitment, technology R&D, development management, quality control and external cooperation, etc., making the size and overall ability of its technical team prominently increased and enhanced. SN-NOnOobS gPlQ S (Beijing CE Open Source Software Co., Ltd.) ( CE Open ), a subsidiary of the Company, focused on software R&D for services industry, and established its leading position in various business sectors for its R&D service. Meanwhile, CE Open s business concept was user-oriented as well as provision of personalized services for users, flexible services in response to market demands, and comprehensive IT operating services. The Suzhou IDC newly established in 2008, together with the existing Beijing IDC and Guangzhou IDC formed a nationwide coverage of the three major IDCs of Northern, Southern and Eastern China, realizing the mutual connection and access across the entire 
CE Open will keep its steady development in 2009.
As more and more enterprises, government and business units in China accept SaaS (Software as a Service), and traditional software developers and systems integration manufacturers transform to service providers, CE Open s advantage in service operation will become more prominent.
III. MANAGEMENT EXPANSION 
In the past year, based on the core business network and management experience, the Group persistently, actively and efficiently conducted adjustments and resources integrations. In the sectors of property development, corporate IT application services, and culture and media, the Group established a solid foundation for long term development through resources accumulation, talent retention, technological innovation, internal management standardization, enhancement of cost control, improvement of corporate governance level etc.. In respect of business expansion, the Group sharpened its competitive edge in the core business in each sector by continuous and adequate industry resources integration. It also effectively carried out the following strategic expansion and structural expansion through mergers and acquisitions: 1. The Group clearly defined its development strategy in property development sector, confirmed the development and construction of large scale residential projects targeting the mid-to-high end market as its principal business, and in turn set a strategic direction for the development of other relevant 
2. Through adjustment and perfection of the management and internal operation system of various investment sectors, the Group was able to integrate IT technology with investment project management, sales management and enterprise operation management. Therefore, the Group could adopt a more scientific, prudent, standardize and efficient approach in the management and control of its subsidiaries and projects.
Meanwhile, the Group emphasized the enhancement of the execution ability of its employees of all levels in 2008, the Group laid a solid foundation for the implementation of future development strategies and achievement of its goals by such means as adjusting human resources, establishing management by objectives and improving operating procedures.
3. The Group tightened the control on the pace of property investment, effectively procured the construction of the property projects in Shenzhen and Guangzhou, strengthened its branding strategy, created and enhanced the image and value of its brand, completed in phases its strategic deployment for its property business in China, improved the accumulation and reservation of resources, and gradually realized its strategic goal of expansion. All these efforts put the Group on track to a continuous and stable financial 
4. In the IT application services and culture and media sectors, through sustainable and adequate industry resources integration, leveraging on state-of-the-art technologies and its strengths in operation services, and by utilizing the comprehensive business network system as well as its constantly improved product strategy and customer strategy, the Group established a solid product mix, customer base and technical strength. For compliance with China s macro-economic adjustment policies, the Group at the same time actively and cautiously developed its businesses in all sectors, continuously improved the core competitive advantage in the respective business sectors and maintained a sustainable and stable growth in market share. Meanwhile, the Group continued to pursue its strategic expansion objective through mergers and acquisitions, and succeeded in realizing structural growth and investment value maximization.
5. The Group strengthened its financial control, perfected core business management process and system optimization, perfected internal control system and improved cost management and control.
6. The Group fully complied with the newly promulgated labour contract law. Although the improvement of the employee benefit standard has boosted the labour cost to a level higher than expected, the Group s competitiveness in the labour market improved significantly as a result of its strict compliance with the relevant law. Moreover, with an equitable performance assessment system in place, the Group has considerably motivated its employees and elevated their creativity, which increased its competitive advantage in attracting and retaining high- 
2009 will be a year full of challenges. Economy and operation environment will still be difficult.
Global financial crisis and periodic market changes present opportunities as well as more challenges.
Under such economic environment and the macro- economic policy adopted in China, the Group will adjust its strategic planning, control the pace of its development, strengthen its management, continue its innovation through further defining its development strategy. The Group will also closely respond to market changes and seize every opportunity to adopt an active and stable adjustment strategy and resources optimization.
Moreover, the Group will reserve its energy, continuously improve its competitiveness in core business sectors, and carry out its strategic investment plan in a timely manner to foster solid growth for 2009.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 24 April 2009 