CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
On behalf of the Board, I am pleased to report the annual results of Kerry Properties Limited (the Company ), its subsidiaries and associates (collectively, the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2012. The Group s consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 before taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties was HK$4,695 million, representing an increase of 28% compared with HK$3,657 million reported for 2011. Profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2012 after taking into account the effects of the increase in fair value of investment properties was HK$6,960 million (2011: HK$5,348 million). Earnings per share for the year were HK$4.84, representing an increase of 30% compared with HK$3.72 per share in 2011.
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK$0.55 per share for the year. Together with the interim dividend of HK$0.4 per share, the total dividend for the year ended 31 December 2012 will be HK$0.95 per share (2011: HK$0.87 per share).
Projects Forging Ahead The Group s results in our core markets of Hong Kong and the People s Republic of China (the PRC ) continue to reflect the strength of market fundamentals and the Group s proven and sustainable investment and development strategy in an environment of ongoing economic growth.
In Hong Kong, our portfolio of developments performed satisfactorily in 2012, demonstrating the effectiveness of our high quality standards and our attention to environmental best practices, targeted pricing and brand positioning. All our completed investment projects in Hong Kong are enjoying close to full occupancy and rentals have risen. The Kerry Centre in Hong Kong with its extensive Grade-A office space together with the Group s portfolio of residential projects in the city s most exclusive areas both made a good contribution to our Hong Kong 
Our investment in mixed-use projects in major cities of the PRC forged ahead during the year, with the Kerry Parkside project in Pudong District, Shanghai completed and open for business. We also continued leasing activities of Jing An Kerry Centre, Shanghai, which will be completed and operational in the third quarter of 2013.
We remain optimistic that the economies of both Hong Kong and the PRC will continue their upward trend. The Group will therefore maintain a positive approach to our investments in both of these markets and we will continue our acquisition activities to take advantage of opportunities as they arise.
Logistics Maintains Growth Our logistics business delivered solid results in 2012 despite slackening global demand and a relative slowdown in the PRC s economic expansion. The international freight forwarding business, which the Division developed strategically in recent years, was the major engine of growth. The Division s integrated logistics operations in the PRC and Southeast Asia continued to contribute robustly to results.
Looking forward, the Division will continue to seek organic growth of its businesses and new drivers through mergers and acquisitions. With a diversified business and market portfolio, a solid foundation in Asia and clear international expansion strategy, the Division is confident of maintaining a sustainable pace of growth in the 
Strong Sustainability Record The Group firmly believes that the long-term success of the company depends on how effectively we can positively impact the lives of our employees and the community, as well as making a proactive contribution to preserving and improving the environment. The Group will also continue to strive to be a responsible corporate citizen.
In 2012, the Hong Kong Council of Social Service extended its Caring Company recognition to the Group for a further two years. Our series of training initiatives included an ongoing leadership development programme to develop the strategic vision and leadership versatility of our senior and managerial grade staff. Throughout the year we continued with a broad series of initiatives that reflect our firm commitment to developing a greener and more socially aware community.
I would like to thank my Board colleagues, the senior management team, our partners and everyone who worked with us for their strength of purpose, support and devotion to teamwork. I believe that their commitment, forward vision and loyalty will continue to sustain the future growth of Kerry Properties Limited and its subsidiaries in the years to come.

Kuok Khoon Chen 
Hong Kong, 14 March 2013 