Chairman s Statement I have pleasure to report to the 
The audited profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2015 increased by 22.5% to HK$33.31 billion.
Basic earnings per share were HK$3.61, an increase of 8.4%.
Total shareholders funds increased by 43.3% to HK$191.56 billion. Net assets per share were HK$19.4, an increase of 18.3% on 2014, and average return on shareholders funds reached 20.5%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK41 cents per share for 
Hao Jian Min Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector in the past few years, the Group has overcome obstacles, maintained sustainable development and exceeded operational targets. The coming year, 2016, is expected to be complex and changeable, based on the global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. Na_{ L |{ . The Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation. The Group is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced growth.
1. BUSINESS REVIEW In 2015, the global economic picture was mixed.
Development in the United States was relatively satisfactory, with firm improvement in employment, while significant drops in commodity prices and a strong dollar coupled with interest rate rises in December led to clear signs of capital outflows from emerging markets, increasing the downside risks of both economic development and currency. Economic development in the Eurozone and Japan was weak. There was slight improvement with the implementation of more easing measures; geopolitical problems in the Middle East, Europe and Asia roiled global 
Against this background of sluggish economic growth globally, the Chinese Central Government promulgated a number of measures designed to stabilise growth, including increased investment in infrastructure and a moderate easing of monetary policies to improve liquidity, with several reductions in the required reserve ratio and lending rate from November 2014. China s foreign trade showed no sign of significant improvement, while the CPI and PPI continued to drop. Weak momentum in the economy resulted in an annual economic growth rate of 6.9%, still meeting the target of about 7.0%. The global economic slowdown meant there was only mild economic growth in Hong Kong and Macau.
As China s economic growth slowed, the Central Government relied increasingly on the property sector to promote economic development. Since 2014, tightening measures in the property sector have gradually been relaxed. Other than in the four tier-one cities, policy now generally supports the sector. Furthermore, policies on buying homes and arranging mortgages have been relaxed.
All these combined to result in notable improvements in sales prices and trading volumes that facilitated inventory clearance. All in all, the property market in China was much stronger than in 2014.
In an improving market environment, the Group achieved satisfactory growth in its sales and profits in 2015. Revenue increased by about 6.9% to HK$148.07 billion. The profit attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company increased by 22.5% to HK$33.31 billion, and the net profit, after deducting HK$5.75 billion in profit after tax related to the change in the fair value of the investment property portfolio, was amounting to HK$27.56 billion. It is encouraging to note that, in a complicated and fast- changing market environment and with the scale of our operations rapidly expanding, the average return on shareholders funds for 2015 still reached 20.5%.

In 2015, as a result of accurate assessment of market changes, strategic and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as leveraging the branding advantage of China Overseas Property, the target for contracted property sales, which was adjusted upwards to HK$180 billion in the middle of the year, was exceeded, setting another record high. Total property sales (including sales by joint ventures and associates) amounted to HK$180.63 billion, while the corresponding area sold was 12.60 million sq m.
The revenue of the Group increased by 6.9% to HK$148.07 billion. During the year, property business (including by joint ventures) with total gross floor area ( GFA ) of about 12.57 million sq m was completed. The sales value of these projects, recognised as the Group s revenue in 2015, amounted to HK$114.29 billion. Furthermore, sales of properties of the Group completed by the end of 2014 increased substantially, with about 1.44 million sq m sold for approximately HK$29.40 billion. Hence, the revenue for property development increased by 7.2% to HK$143.69 billion. Mainly due to the increase in revenue, and the fact that the gross profit margin for property development projects held steady at a satisfactory and market-leading level, the operating profit generated by property development increased by 2.6% to HK$37.22 billion.

The China Overseas Building in Wuhan, China Overseas Plaza Tower in Zhuhai, and China Overseas Building in Nanjing, were completed during the year along with other smaller investment projects, while the assets injection by the parent company brought in few investment properties, together adding about 590,000 sq m of completed investment properties to the Group, for a total of 1.73 million sq m in the mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and London as at the end of 2015. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$1.92 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.6%; profit for the segment amounted to HK$8.97 billion, which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$7.45 billion (net fair value gain after deferred tax is HK$5.75 billion).
Assets Injection by Parent Company After 21 months of diligent work, on 7 May 2015 the Company completed the acquisition of the Acquired Group (consisting of companies holding the China property portfolio and the three investment properties in London) from the controlling shareholder, China State Construction Engineering Corporation Limited ( CSCECL ) (the Assets Acquisition ). Meanwhile, the issue of Company s shares to China Overseas Holdings Limited (the Shares Issue ) was completed on 18 May 2015. This exercise reinforces the Company s position as the primary listed platform of CSCECL for its property development business, resolves the competition with the Company in the China, Hong Kong, Macau and London property business in an effective way, enlarges the scale of operation of the Group, and strengthens the capital base and the financial position of the Company. All these factors are favourable to reinforce the leading status of the Company in the China property market. Please refer to the announcements made by the Company on 24 March 2015 and on 18 May 2015 for details of the Assets Acquisition and the Shares Issue.
Spin-off of Property Management 
On 18 May 2015, the Company made an announcement disclosing its intention to proceed with the spin-off and separate listing of its property management business by means of distribution in specie by the Company of the shares of the spun-off entity to the shareholders of the Company, as a special interim dividend. The shares of China Overseas Property Holdings Limited ( COPL ) were finally listed on 23 October 2015. The Board believes that the separate listing is beneficial to the development of its property management business and also facilitates the unlocking of the potential value of the assets in the Group.

During the year, the Group continued to follow the land market closely and make considered decisions on land acquisitions. In response to property market changes and taking into account that about 10 million sq m of land resources were added during the assets injection exercise by the parent company, it began to slow the pace of replenishing its land reserve. A total of 17 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (excluding China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited, COGO ) in 13 cities in mainland China, including Haikou, which is a new location for the Group. These land parcels provided a total GFA of 5.96 million sq m, with interest attributable to the Group of 5.91 million sq m.
In 2015, COGO acquired four land parcels in three mainland cities, and added GFA of 1.65 million sq m to its 
As at 31 December 2015, the Group had a total land reserve of about 41.44 million sq m (interest attributable to the Group of about 38.50 million sq m) in 32 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau; COGO had a total land reserve of 10.93 million sq m (attributable interest of 10.24 million sq 
Adhering to prudent financial management, the Group continued to enhance financial resources and optimise its debt structure. Leveraging its leading position in the property market and good credit, the Group successfully launched several major offshore and onshore fundraising exercises during the year. A total of 1 billion euros was raised through two bond issuances in July and November.
In a first for the Group, RMB8 billion in domestic bonds was issued in November. The Group also arranged RMB8.45 billion banking facilities in mainland China in 2015. The Group drew down HK$44 billion banking facilities in 2015.
After deducting the repayment of matured bank loans due, the net amount available for operations for the year was HK$19 billion. Cash inflow from sales of about HK$138.52 billion was recorded for the year; and together with the net amount raised by financing and the net cash inflow of HK$1.24 billion from joint ventures, the Group had sufficient funds to meet its payment requirements. The major expenditures of the Group for 2015 were HK$24.67 billion for land premiums, HK$52.28 billion for construction costs, and HK$35.21 billion for tax, sales and distribution, administrative and finance expenses.
As at the end of the year, outstanding loans and notes payable by the Group were about HK$49.26 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to RMB12.40 billion) and about HK$66.20 billion (including US$6.25 billion, EUR1 billion and RMB8 billion) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$102.45 billion (not including cash held by joint ventures, amounting to approximately HK$5.85 billion); and the net gearing of the Group had decreased significantly from 28.0% at the end of 2014 to a very low level of about 6.8%. The shareholders funds of the Company increased from HK$133.67 billion at the end of the previous year to HK$191.56 billion. Hence, the Group s financial strength is significantly improved.
In 2015, the Group s investment ranking was affirmed by Moody s and Standard & Poor s at Baa1Stable and BBB+ Stable respectively. In December, Fitch Ratings upgraded the Group s investment ranking to A-Stable, reflecting the capital market s recognition of the Group in terms of its leadership in China s property market and financial 
The Group continues to expand its operations and enter new cities. Talent at all levels is always in great demand.
Staff recruited through the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have become an important element in supporting the Group s sustainable and stable 
The Board firmly believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus, the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over the years, the Group has consistently enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk 
Corporate Social Responsibility The Group is committed to exercising corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony as a good corporate citizen. The Group has established a well-regulated, formal and branded system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community services.
The third corporate social responsibility report, focusing on the efforts and achievements of the Group in this respect, was published during the year. The Company is again a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

The Company was rated number one among The Top 50 China Real Estate Enterprises by Brand Value . China Overseas Property ( -Nwm0W"u ) was acknowledged among the Leading Brands of China Real Estate Companies for the twelfth consecutive year, ranking first in the property sector with a brand value of RMB39.76 billion. For 12 years in a row, leveraging its excellent performance, the Company has been voted the number one China Blue Chip Real Estate developer. In 2015, China Overseas Property projects, are as usual, well recognised for their excellence in quality, design and management on many occasions.

It is expected that the global economy will remain complicated and fast changing amid sluggish growth in 2016. Concerns over the sustainability of the strong US dollar and the scale and timing of interest rate hikes as well as the further slowdown of the economic growth in China will intensify volatility in global financial markets, while the threat of asset bubbles in emerging markets remains as a result of persistent funds outflows. For most enterprises, 2016 will remain challenging. The Group will watch closely for risks and opportunities triggered by any changes in the international economic environment, and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
The Chinese government is expected to adopt a prudent financial policy and to further ease monetary policy, with measures such as moving to a lower lending rate and required reserve ratio, in order to improve liquidity, reduce corporate finance costs and promote growth in the real 
In an improving market environment, the Group achieved an outstanding performance in 2015, amply demonstrating its excellent operational capabilities and brand advantages.
The Group is prudently optimistic about the mainland China property market in 2016. It is expected that property liquidity will improve, as more policy support from the government is forthcoming. The China property market is expected to remain stable in 2016 while market consolidation will accelerate, and the sector overall presents both challenges and opportunities. The Group will take full advantage of its sound financial structure and diverse financing channels to actively increase financial resources and proactively seize investment opportunities, including through the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. While maintaining suitable precautions against risk, the Group will actively seek market opportunities to ensure sustainable growth, increase its market share and consolidate its leading status in the property industry.
It is expected that normal adjustment will be seen in the Hong Kong and Macau property market. The Group will still seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group holds to its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{L |{ ). It strictly adheres to its undertakings, conducts business with complete integrity, and seeks progress amid stability (iz-NBl2). The Group firmly follows the operating philosophy of A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care (|0}O TLr}q) in order to reinforce the elite image of China Overseas Property products in the middle to high-end segment. The Group tries its utmost to ensure that each project stands out and sets the benchmark for high-end products in its vicinity. The brand reflects the culture of an organisation, and in the case of the Company, this includes the pursuit of high-quality products by China Overseas Property. Enhancement of product quality and branding can effectively mitigate the pressure on lowering home selling prices, and reduce marketing costs. By operating under such a highly regarded brand, the Group can earn higher profits than its peers, which facilitates the Group s pursuit of its long-term goal of becoming an evergreen enterprise.
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and appropriately control the pace of its project development and sales. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, and maximise the return on its assets. It is expected that the various metrics of operation in 2016 will record satisfactory growth. Taking into consideration the fact that at this moment it is not appropriate to state the impact of the lately announced Citic Property Merger & Acquisition exercise on the Group s operation in 2016, it is not appropriate to give concrete metrics of operation in 2016. Even without taken into consideration the impact of the Citic Property Merger & Acquisition exercise, the Group still will try best to achieve contracted sales amount (include joint ventures and COGO) of not less than HK$180 billion in 2016.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element, and commercial property development in a supplemental role.
It will balance the allocation of resources for long-term and short-term investment, and gradually increase its weighting on investment property in order to obtain stable long-term returns and enhance its capability to balance market risk.
In the long term, the Group will work towards securing 20% of total profits from investment property. Currently, the total area of commercial property under development or yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 3.80 million sq m. Over 50% of this area will be completed by the end of 2017.

The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead. Taking into account its financial situation, the Group will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and will seize opportunities arising from market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve, to resolutely execute its prudent 
During the first two months of 2016, the Group acquired one parcel of land in Jinan and one parcel of land in Hong Kong (with a total GFA of 1.58 million sq m). COGO did not acquire any land parcels.

The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint ventures and mergers and acquisitions. At the end of 2015, the amount invested by the Group in the joint ventures reduced further to HK$14.52 billion. The profit contribution from joint ventures in 2015 was HK$630 million. COGO is an associate of the Group that focuses on property business in third-tier mainland cities. In 2015, COGO recorded sales of HK$22.0 billion, revenue of HK$16.61 billion, and a net profit of HK$920 million. The Group earned a net profit of about HK$320 million from COGO.
Under the backdrop of accelerated consolidation for the China property market, the Company seized a good opportunity and on 14 March 2016 executed the sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of the residential- focused property development projects from CITIC Limited ( the Citic Property Merger & Acquisition ). The Board believes that the completion of the deal is beneficial to the sustained business development of the Group in future, will enhance the financial strength of the Company and increase substantially the land reserve of the Group in one shot. The deal will also has material positive effects on achieving the various metrics of operations in the next few years and thus providing a solid foundation to maintaining steady growth during the Thirteenth Five-year period .
Prudent Financial Management The Group will continue to enhance its financial management capability, always adhere to prudent financial management, and stick firmly to the principle of Cash is king. Receipts determine payments (sps N6e[ e). The Group will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms onshore and offshore. To safeguard capacity, and hence ensure solid and plentiful funding for its business development, the Group will speed up asset turnover, improve its debt structure, and enhance its ability to protect its resources. Taking into consideration the weakened Renminbi, the Group will endeavour to improve the currency profile of its debt, mainly by rapidly increasing the proportion of Renminbi debt.

The Board is confident regarding the Group s prospects and capabilities. Despite the impact of the global financial crisis and administrative tightening in the China property sector in the past few years, the Group has overcome obstacles, maintained sustainable development and exceeded operational targets. The coming year, 2016, is expected to be complex and changeable, based on the global political and economic environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. (Na_{L |{) With its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness in the industry through its consistent innovation. The Group is confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady, high-quality balanced growth.

The Group continues to endeavour to develop into an evergreen enterprise. The Group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, motivation for staff, and a good working atmosphere. The Group is committed to aligning individual success with the core values of the long-term development of the Group by maintaining integrity, creativity, pragmatism, and perfection. The ultimate goal is an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff and the community.

