Chairman s Statement The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group. Strong profit growth has been sustained in the past four years despite the impact of the global financial crisis and the austerity measures. 2012 is expected to be full of uncertainty brought about by the unfavourable global political and economical environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success.
and is very confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady high-quality balanced growth.

I have pleasure to report to the shareholders that: The audited net profit attributable to shareholders for the year ended 31 December 2011 increased by 21.5% to HK$15.03 billion. Basic earnings per share were HK183.9 cents, an increase of 21.5%. Total shareholders funds increased by 28.5% to HK$70.31 billion. Net assets per share were HK$8.6, an increase of 28.4% on 2010, and average return on shareholders funds reached 24%. The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of HK20 cents per share for year 2011.
1. Business Review In 2011, global economic conditions remained complicated and fast changing. Major developed countries were confronted with various challenges.
The United States government responded with a range of economic stimulus measures but economic recovery was slow. The euro-zone sovereign debt crisis deepened while the long term sovereign credit ratings of the United States and various European countries were downgraded. These issues affected the stability and liquidity of the international financial market. Political instability in the Middle East and North Africa and the earthquake in Japan increase the likelihood of further weakening in the world economy.
Meanwhile, the excess liquidity that flooded the market under the quantitative easing measures led to asset bubbles and inflationary pressure in the emerging markets. Governments in emerging markets including the Chinese central government had to adjust their fiscal and monetary policies to combat such problems.
Through interest hikes and a series of increases in the bank reserve requirement ratio (RRR), China effectively controlled liquidity and inflation, providing the conditions for steady and relatively fast economic growth. As a result, the GDP growth for 2011 maintained the high level of 9.2%, while the increase in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) moderated to 4.1% at year end. Benefiting especially from economic trends in China, economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau remained strong in 2011.
Notwithstanding the launch of a series of tough tightening measures towards the China property sector, the whole property market still performed well in 2010 with home prices holding at high levels. This led to the launch of even tougher measures from early 2011. Less favourable terms and restrictions on mortgages, a deepening of the restrictions on purchases as well as an extension of their coverage restricted and interrupted the property market, gradually bringing adverse effects to normal and sustainable property development. While the property market held its upward trend in the first half of the year, going into the second half of the year the market environment changed rapidly. The traditional strong selling season in September and October did not materialise and sales for the market as a whole in the fourth quarter were not satisfactory.
Amid a highly competitive market environment, the Group achieved a satisfactory growth in its sales and profit in 2011. Turnover increased by about 9.6% to HK$48.58 billion (after taking out turnover related to China Overseas Grand Oceans Group Limited (COGO) for both years, turnover increased by 19.0%), and consolidated net profit increased by 19.3% to HK$15.12 billion (equivalent to 12.55 billion yuan). The net profit attributable to shareholders increased by 21.5% to HK$15.03 billion (equivalent to 12.47 billion yuan), of which HK$2.01 billion was related to the increase in the fair value of the investment property portfolio. The Group hence recorded an increase of 37.0% in its core profit to HK$13.02 billion (equivalent to 10.81 billion yuan). The net profit attributable to shareholders has sustained a compound increase of more than 44.7% over the past five years (2007 2011). This comprises annual increases of over 20.0% in each of the past nine years (2003 2011), fulfilling the Group s commitments to its shareholders and 
In 2011, the target for sales of properties set at the beginning of the year was exceeded and it was another record high. Total sales of properties (including sales by joint ventures and associated companies) amounted to HK$87.09 billion, an increase of 29.8% on the previous year; the area sold was 5.58 million sq m, representing an increase of 5.3% on 2010. Total sales for the Group and the joint ventures (that is, excluding COGO) for the year amounted to HK$78.60 billion while there was a cash inflow from sales of HK$64.71 billion. As at the end of 2011, the Group and the joint ventures (that is, excluding COGO) have together received pre-sales deposits amounting to HK$33.58 billion, an increase of 17.8% on last year.
In 2011, the Group adhered firmly to its operational watchword: A Trusted Brand Growing through Diligence and Care. As a result of accurate judgement of market changes, targeted and innovative sales and marketing measures as well as the China Overseas Property branding advantage, the Group changed its usual sales strategy of focusing sales in the second half of the year and succeeded in selling more than usual and at high prices as well in the first half of the year. Even though the market environment worsened going into the second half of the year, the Group achieved another sales record of HK$84.66 billion in 2011 in mainland China, an increase of 26.8% on 
The Hong Kong and Macau property market started to adjust in the second half of the year, mainly due to tightening liquidity and decreased investment from the mainland. Reduced sales volume and sales prices were generally seen but the luxury sector, in which the Group operates, was relatively unaffected. Sales in 2011 amounted to HK$2.43 billion, an increase of 
During the year, after making appropriate adjustments to the pace of construction works in response to the volatile market, projects in China (including by the joint ventures) with aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of 5.22 million sq m were completed for occupation.
Total saleable area of these projects was 4.36 million sq m. Net of 130,000 sq m of long-term investment properties, 69.2% of this had been sold by the end of 2011, corresponding to an area of 2.94 million sq m and sales value of HK$46.80 billion. After adjusting for sales relating to joint ventures, the value of sales recognized as the Group s turnover in 2011 was HK$33.44 billion. Furthermore, the Group s sales of properties held for sale were satisfactory with about 800,000 sq m sold for approximately HK$15 billion. At the end of 2011, the Group had about 1.45 million sq m of properties held for sale.
The turnover of the Group s property development business increased by 8.8% to HK$46.76 billion. The turnover for China amounted to HK$45.80 billion, an increase of 6.8%. Its gross profit margin held steady at the satisfactory level, while operating profit increased significantly by 13.1% to HK$18.48 billion. The turnover for Hong Kong and Macau amounted to HK$960 million. The gross profit margin was 64.0% while operating profit was HK$620 million.

The China Overseas International Centre in Chengdu was completed towards the end of the year, adding 130,000 sq m of investment properties to the Group for a total of 410,000 sq m as at the end of 2011. The overall occupancy rate of the Group s investment properties was satisfactory. The total rental income for the year was HK$360 million, representing an increase of 24.1% on 2010; segment results amounted to HK$3.33 billion which included an increase in the fair value of investment properties amounting to HK$3.02 billion (net income after deferred tax was HK$2.01 billion). Operating profit was HK$310 million, representing an increase of 14.8% as compared with 
The global leasing campaign for the five Unimalls ([[ W) in Nanjing, Shenyang, Tianjin, Jinan and Zhuhai, with a total leasable area of 300,000 sq m, was launched last November, demonstrating very healthy prospects for China Overseas investment properties.

After taking account of the economic environment, trends in the property market, funding capabilities, the land reserve on hand and the quality and cost, 18 parcels of land were acquired by the Group (not including COGO) in 2011 in 16 cities in China, including newly entered cities Changsha, Yantai, Nanchang, Xiamen and Wuhan. These land parcels provided an aggregate gross floor area ( GFA ) of 9.06 million sq m (attributable interest of 8.64 million sq m).
COGO acquired 7 land parcels in Hohhot, Nanning, Jilin, Hefei and Lanzhou and added 1.50 million sq m of land to its land reserve.
During 2011 the Group also purchased 2 parcels of land in Hong Kong with GFA of 4,907 sq m for a total consideration of about HK$880 million.
As at 31 December 2011, the Group had a total land reserve of about 34.45 million sq m (attributable interest of about 30.18 million sq m) in 25 mainland cities, Hong Kong and Macau; COGO had a total land reserve of 6.45 million sq m (attributable interest of 5.26 million sq m) in mainland cities.

In November 2010, the Group issued a 10-year US$1 billion bond that augmented the Group s cash holdings to an ample level of about HK$32.00 billion at the start of 2011. Group sales in 2011 were encouraging and a cash inflow from sales of about HK$51.20 billion was recorded in 2011. Coupled with the sum of HK$6.2 billion raised by way of syndication in May, the Group had sufficient financial resources to meet its operating expenditure including HK$27.88 billion for land premiums and HK$26.40 billion for construction costs.
As at end of December 2011, outstanding borrowings and guaranteed notes payable by the Group were about HK$32.60 billion (loans denominated in RMB amounted to HK$9.55 billion) and about HK$10.03 billion (US$1.3 billion) respectively; cash on hand amounted to approximately HK$19.20 billion; shareholders funds in the Company increased from HK$54.73 billion to HK$70.31 billion; and the net gearing of the Group increased from 22.8% last year to about 33.3%, still a very healthy level under such tough market conditions.
Both Moody s and Standard & Poor s reaffirmed the Company s issuer and bond ratings at Baa2 and BBB respectively with a stable outlook. This reflected the recognition of the market to the Group s solid and stable financial profile and also its market-leading 
The Group firmly believes that the quality of human resources and the level of knowledge capital are important benchmarks in assessing the competitiveness of an enterprise. Personal capability is enhanced through skills development, staff training and job rotation. Long-term development of the Group and personal development of staff are closely interrelated and mutually reinforcing. This is a pre- eminent feature of the Group s corporate culture and human resource management style.
The Group continues to enter new cities every year.
Talent at all levels is always in great demand. The Group is confronted with challenges in building and conserving human resources. After assiduous promotion in recent years, the Sons of the Sea and Sea s Recruits schemes have developed into respected human resource brands in the mainland property industry. Staff recruited through these two schemes have steadily become an important element supporting the sustainable and stable development of the Group. In 2011, more than 300 graduates from leading universities in China were recruited through the Sons of the Sea scheme and more than 500 talented staff joined through the Sea s Recruits scheme. This recruitment of ample human resources effectively met our demand for new staff.

The Board believes that its prime duty is to protect and best utilise resources in the Group and thereby to enhance value for shareholders. A high standard of corporate governance is key to improving corporate profit and facilitating sustainable development. Thus the Group strives to improve corporate governance standards to ensure efficient operation of the Group s businesses and safeguard its assets and shareholders interests. Over the past few years, the Group has actively enhanced corporate transparency and strengthened the Group s internal controls and risk 
The Group is committed to corporate social responsibility and seeks to promote social value and harmony. The Group has established a well-regulated formal system to discharge its social responsibilities, especially in the areas of poverty alleviation, disaster relief work, educational subventions, charitable donations and community services.
Over the years, by providing resources and facilities to the China Overseas Hope Schools, the Group has greatly enhanced the education environment and capabilities of the locality.
The Group continued to apply environmental protection and energy conservation concepts such as carbon footprint and green construction throughout its corporate development strategy, as well as to the design and construction of its property projects. The aim is to help build a greener society and ensure a healthy living environment that enables sustainability in the natural environment in and around our projects.
The Company is again a constituent stock of the Hang Seng Corporate Sustainability Index. This reflects market recognition of the Group s efforts in corporate sustainability (including environmental protection, social responsibility and corporate governance).

In 2011, the Group received numerous awards. The Company was again acknowledged as number one among Best 20 of China Real Estate Enterprises Brand Value and its brand value increased to 24.69 billion yuan. China Overseas Property (-Nwm0W"u) was acknowledged as the number one among Leading Brands of China Real State Companies . For eight years in a row, the Company has been voted the number one China Blue Chip Real Estate developer.
China Overseas Property was awarded eight Zhan Tianyou (y)YQO) awards for excellence in its quality, design and management.

The launch of the various stimulus measures by the advanced countries of the United States and euro zone has yet to resolve the fundamental problems that have led to the current global financial crisis and economic imbalances. The economical development in the United States has lately shown some improvement but the momentum is far from adequate.
It is also expected that more effort and time are required to resolve the euro sovereign debt crisis.
Meanwhile, the excess liquidity generated by the quantitative measures has led to intensified investment activities, asset bubbles and inflationary pressure especially in the emerging markets. 2012 will be a challenging year for most enterprises. The Group will watch closely for the risk and opportunities triggered by any change in the international economic environment and will implement appropriate response measures in a timely and effective manner.
Amid a volatile and slowing economic environment abroad, it is expected that foreign trade will pose downside risk to China in 2012 while inflation has gradually been tamed. It is also expected that the Chinese central government will continue to adopt a proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy.
Since December 2011, the RRR has been reduced twice after a period of two years of only rises. In order to promote economic development and to increase domestic consumption, to attain the goal of making progress amid stability, it is expected that the credit liquidity will be appropriately further eased during 2012. This will be done mainly through further reductions in the RRR and even interest rates as appropriate. Economic development in both Hong Kong and Macau has become more closely linked to that of China and accordingly will inevitably be affected by the economic slowdown.

Overall, the China property market in 2012 presents both challenges and opportunities. Though there have recently been slight signs of relaxation of the tightening measures for the property market, the tough restrictive policies will likely remain in place for some time, leading to immense short-term cyclical fluctuation in home price and transaction volume. Before the easing or eventual removal of the restrictive policies in the property sector, further softening of home prices and reduction in transaction volume of sales will continue.
Over-leveraged medium-sized and small developers could be forced into a very difficult position. The market will undergo rapid consolidation and weak players will be eliminated while stronger parties will be able to increase their market share. The sales results for the Group in China in the first two months of 2012 recorded a slight increase as compared to the corresponding period in 2011, demonstrating the operational and sales & marketing capability of the Group. Looking at the year ahead, as the property sector tends to lead many other segments in the economy and is an effective driver of economic activity, it is expected that when economic growth is clearly slowing, inflation is under control and the development of the property sector has become more rational, the stringent tightening measures on property markets will gradually be eased, and the market environment will return to normal. The Group will take full advantage of its strong finance and diversified financing channels to actively increase financial resources and to seize investment opportunities including the acquisition of prime land parcels through various channels. Maintaining suitable precautions against risk, the Group will actively seek market opportunities to ensure sustainable growth even in times of uncertainty and to consolidate its leading status in the property industry. Moreover, rapid ongoing urbanisation will continue to drive the property market in China for some time yet. Hence, the Group is still fully confident about the long-term development of the mainland China property market.
It is expected that the property market in Hong Kong and Macau will undergo some adjustments but the high-end segment in which the Group operates will be little affected. The Group has now 8 property projects in Hong Kong and the estimated value of those available units for sale is about HK$15 billion. In Macau, the Group has 2 projects with an estimated value of about HK$8 billion. In 2012, the Group will seek appropriate opportunities to expand its business in Hong Kong and Macau.

The Group holds to its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success (Na_{ L |{). The Group strictly adheres to its undertakings and conducts business with complete integrity and seeks progress amid stability (iz-NBl2).
The Group also endeavours to maintain its high levels of creativity and to understand the demands of our customers in order to continuously consolidate and expand its market and customer base. The Group works hard to enhance its customer relationship management system and to maintain its customer- focused strategy. By collecting data on customer demand and complaints and sharing them with operational departments, the Group aims to convert customer complaints into opportunities to upgrade the quality of its products and services. The Group strives to improve the quality of its projects and to provide customers with a choice of highly differentiated and desirable products. The Group continues to stick to a development model focused on mid-range to high-end products that aims to maximise profit for the Group.
The Group strives to consolidate and then strengthen its unique and immense competitive advantages in the PRC property sector by continuing to be innovative and with its core advantage of a prime product and branding strongly supported by its expertise in design, construction, sales planning, customer service and 
The Group firmly follows the operation philosophy of A trusted brand growing through diligence and care (| 0}O TLr}q) in order to reinforce the elite image of China Overseas Property products. The Group tries its utmost and explores every avenue to improve the quality of its projects so that each project stands out and sets the pace among high-end products in the area. Through the successful launch of many high quality, value-for-money projects in and outside China, the China Overseas Property brand is highly regarded within and outside the China property industry. The brand reflects the culture of an organisation and in the case of the Company that include the pursuit of high quality product by China Overseas Property. Branding is one of the Group s primary and effective competitive edges. Enhancement of product quality and branding is effective in mitigating the effects of lower home prices. To operate under such a highly regarded brand enables the Group to earn higher profits than its peers and facilitates the Group s pursuit of its long term goal of becoming an evergreen enterprise.
The Group will continue to promote its corporate brand and to spread the China Overseas Property brand systematically in newly entered cities and territories. The ultimate goal is to make the China Overseas Property brand the most valuable brand in the mid-range to high-end property market throughout 
Sustainable Project Development The Group will closely monitor the market and control the pace of its project development and sales appropriately. The Group will continue to launch targeted, highly differentiated, premium products. By leveraging its brand name, backed by innovative marketing and sales operations, the Group can improve its sales results and cash flow, maximise the return on its assets and ensure sustainable growth in the scale and profitability of its operations. Taking into account the market situation, it is planned that in 2012, the Group will commence development of an additional 9.6 million sq m bringing the total area under development to over 20 million sq m at the peak time; projects with GFA of 7 million sq m will be completed; in 2012, the Group will strive to achieve total sales of not less than HK$80 billion, same as the target for 
The Group will take advantage of the synergy generated by the highly respected China Overseas Property brand in the high-end sector of the mainland China property market to ensure the successful sales of the two luxury projects in Hong Kong (6 Stanley Beach Road and 1 Oxford Road) and the smooth development and pre-sale of The Green project in Fanling and the Kowloon Tong Grampian Road project. As at the date of the results announcement, out of the total 253 houses at The Green project, 204 units have been sold for HK$4.56 billion.
Better Business Structure The Group will continue to operate a business structure with residential development as the main element and investment property in a supplemental role. It will balance resource allocation for short-term and long-term investment and gradually increase its weighting on investment property so as to obtain stable long-term returns and to enhance its capability to balance market risk. In the long term, the Group will work towards securing a profit contribution from investment property of at least 20% of total profit.
Currently, the total area of commercial property under development and yet to be developed by the Group amounts to about 2.5 million sq m. Of this, about 1.5 million sq m (the Group s attributable interest) will be completed before 2015 and will be retained as long- term investment property.

The Group will calmly meet the challenges ahead.
Taking into account the cash inflow from its sales, the Group will maintain an appropriate scale of investment and capture opportunities offered by market adjustments to replenish its prime land reserve through a variety of means and channels. It is intended that the Group will enter 3 or 4 new cities in 2012 and the replenishment of its land reserve will not be less than 7.2 million sq m in GFA.
Up to the date of the results announcement, the Group (excluding COGO) has in 2012 acquired 1 parcel of land in Foshan City with a total GFA of 730,000 sq m while COGO has acquired a parcel of land in Ganzhou City with a total GFA of 1.4 million 
The Group will strive to expedite its development and expand its development scale through joint venture cooperation and mergers and acquisitions. At the end of 2011, the Group s investment interest in joint ventures and associated companies plus the amount due from and less the amount due to joint ventures and associated companies amounted to HK$25.07 billion. Since most of the joint venture projects are large and at the investment phase, the profit contribution including the imputed interest for 2011 was HK$1.01 billion. However, it is expected that the joint ventures will generate significantly increased contributions in the coming few years. Starting February 2011, COGO has become an associated company of the Group. COGO will focus on third- and fourth-tier cities in China and is expected to develop rapidly in the coming years and will effectively complement the business of China Overseas Property.
COGO recorded a turnover of HK$5.17 billion and a net profit of HK$1.80 billion for the year 2011. After adjusting for the profit booked by the Group when the control of COGO was acquired in 2010, the Group still had a net profit of about HK$240 million. The real estate fund established in March 2010 is operating smoothly. Phase II of the fund, which will invest in and operate with the Group or COGO on brand new projects, was established in October 2011 at a size of 
Market Leading Status China is a vast country whose economy is developing at varying rates, and its property markets are also at different stages at any one time. However, comprehensive nationwide strategic coverage enables the Group to balance risks caused by volatility in economic and market cycles. The Group will continue to strengthen and balance its nationwide development strategy by actively exploring new markets that offer strong potential. In order to increase its leadership of the industry in terms of turnover, net profit, brand value and innovative products, the Group will continue to focus on the formulation and execution of policies and regulations, the development of the Group s human resources, protection of tangible and intangible resources, risk management and the enhancement of operating efficiency. Through improvement in the Group s overall competitiveness, the Group can actively acquire high-value land at low cost, maintain a customer-focused strategy, and continue to improve its product quality as the Group holds to its philosophy of practising professionalism in each and every detail and in each and every project.
Prudent Financial Management It is expected that the financial market liquidity will be tight, especially in the first half of 2012. The Group will continue to adhere to prudent financial management while it strives to improve its fund management capability further in order to enhance its financial strength and resources and to increase its asset protection capabilities. In such a tough market, the Group will tightly control its sales and marketing, administration and financial expenses and stick firmly to the principle of Cash is king. Receipts determine payments (sps N6e[e). The Group will continue to explore new fundraising channels and make full use of its fundraising platforms in the international and Hong Kong financial markets, in order to provide solid and plentiful funding for its business development. In February 2012, the Group seized an opportunity and successfully issued two 5-year bonds with an aggregate value of US$750 million, both at a yield of 4.917%. This reflects the leadership status of the Group in the China property sector and the recognition of the credit standing of the Group. The debt maturity profile of the Group was also 
The Group will continue to upgrade and promote its ERP system to enhance the communication of project and financial information, intensify cash-flow control across all regions, increase cash inflow and effectively combat the risks brought about by any shortage in 
The Board is confident about the prospects for the Group. Strong profit growth has been sustained in the past four years despite the impact of the global financial crisis. The Group was able to maintain growth in the difficult 2008, to follow the market trend and seize opportunities in the blossoming 2009, to achieve more than 50% growth in net profit while the market was filled with uncertainty in 2010 and to mitigate risks and to beat targets set at the beginning of the year as well as to succeed in achieving rapid growth while the market was under stringent tightening measures in 2011. This demonstrates the Group s strength and flexibility. 2012 is expected to be full of risks and uncertainty brought about by the unfavourable global political and economical environment. The Group will continue to apply its longstanding maxim of Exercise caution in details and implementation. Build a strong foundation to seek greater success. Furthermore, with its solid foundation, international vision and exposure, appropriate nationwide development strategy plus excellent brand name and financial strength, the Group will continue to enhance its competitiveness through its consistent innovation. The Group is very confident that it can maintain its leadership position in the China property industry and achieve steady high-quality balanced growth.

The Group continues to adopt a human resource management approach that focuses on personal development, working atmosphere and motivation for staff. The Group is committed to enhancing shareholder value, raising the standards of its corporate governance, moral integrity and corporate citizenship, and improving its core competitiveness through continuous innovation. The ultimate goal is to attain an outcome that is mutually beneficial for the Group, its shareholders, business associates, staff members and the community. The Board will endeavour to develop the Group into an evergreen 
Lastly, I wish to express my sincere appreciation to the shareholders and business associates for their support and trust and the entire staff for their dedication. I would also like to express my gratitude to my fellow Directors for their guidance and wise counsel.
By Order of the Board China Overseas Land & Investment Limited 
