On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of the Company, I present to the shareholders the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2015.
In 2015, in the face of complicated international situation and increasing downward pressure on economy, the overall Chinese economy has maintained a stable yet progressive development trend. Although the annual gross domestic product ( GDP ) only increased by 6.9% year-on- year, the decrease in growth indicated the significant acceleration in pace and momentum of adjustment and upgrading of industrial structure and consumption structure. Due to the rapid increase in consumption s contribution to economic growth, economic growth is shifting from mainly driven by investment and export demand to balanced driven by three driving forces , namely consumption, investment and export demand.
Benefited from the business segment of culture and media and in particular driven by the rapid growth of cinema business, turnover of the Group for the year increased by approximately 33.2% to HK$4,200.1 million (2014: HK$3,153.0 million). Net profit attributable to the owners of the Company was approximately HK$238.9 million (2014: net loss of HK$701.7 million), successfully achieving a turnaround in its performance. The increase in profit was mainly attributable to the combined effects of improvement in profit driven by the increase in revenue, the gain arising from the disposal of 20% equity interest in -NybS gPlQS (Loongson Technology Co., Ltd), an associate held by the Group, (details of which were set out in the announcement issued by the Company on 29 January 2015) as well as a gain arising from the changes in fair values of investment properties.
During the year, the Group continued to engage in three main businesses, namely culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services, and made certain achievements through Dadi Media, Nan Hai Development and Sino-i. In the meantime, for the purpose of its long term development, the Company started to tap into new business segments such as New Media and Innovative Business by means of mergers and acquisitions and new incorporation. In addition to consolidating its existing three businesses to achieve more outstanding performance, it is expected that the Group will continue to sow seeds in the businesses of New Media and Innovative Business in the following two to three years, sparing no effort to make them as the fourth and fifth business segments of the Group within two to three years.
CULTURE AND MEDIA In the past decade, taking the investment in establishing chain cinemas as a starting point through Dadi Media, the Group became one of the leading enterprises in the film industry by gradually expanding to the upstream of film industry chain on the basis of building a strong downstream platform. During the year, thanks to the sustained and rapid development of the Chinese film industry, culture and media segment continued to attain encouraging results.
Turnover for this segment for the year witnessed an increase of 43.3% to approximately HK$3,153.0 million (2014: HK$2,200.0 million). Net profit before income tax was approximately HK$230.5 million (2014: net loss before income tax of HK$259.3 million).

During the year, qg'Y0Wq_b- gPlQS (Guangdong Dadi Cinema Construction Limited) and its subsidiaries (collectively as Dadi Cinema ) continued to uphold the mission of let everyone watch movies and let everyone enjoy good movies . By actively seizing the critical period of rapid development of the Chinese film industry, the Group continued to expand its presence in various second, third and fourth tier cities and tap into first tier cities in the PRC. In addition to rapidly expanding its market coverage, Dadi Cinema continued to strengthen its cooperation with well- known commercial real estate developers to continuously improve the quality of its projects. By implementing its informatization and standardization strategies, Dadi Cinema further improved its operational efficiency, enhanced service quality and achieved cost efficiency. By strengthening the contribution to e-commerce platform and construction of membership system, Dadi Cinema initiated Film+ mode to enter a strategic development period of film ecosystem operation focusing on movie culture groups , creating its unique and pioneering business model.
Along with the box office of the PRC broke through RMB40 billion, Dadi Cinema s previous expansion strategies in second, third and fourth tier cities achieved fruitful results. During the year, Dadi Cinema achieved another record high admission of 71.58 million audiences with its box office before tax amounting to approximately RMB2.21 billion, representing an increase of approximately 46.7% over the corresponding period last year, which accounted for approximately 5.0% of the national box office, ranking second among cinema investment management companies throughout China. Over the just-concluded Chinese New Year holidays in 2016, Dadi Cinema s average attendance rate was approximately 51.7% with box office before tax of approximately RMB199 million, representing an increase of approximately 94.3% over the corresponding period last year, which accounted for 6.6% of the national box office.
In the meantime, with its well-established and extensive terminal network, strong fundamental platform and expansion capacity, extensive chain operating experience in the mainland China market, as well as the massive movie-going crowd, i.e. movie culture groups , accumulated over the years, Dadi Cinema laid a solid foundation for the Group s expansion into Innovative Business .

Leveraging on Dadi Cinema s extensive downstream terminal network and massive movie-going crowd, and booming of the Chinese film industry, Dadi Media s film distribution business in the upstream industry chain achieved good results. During the year, 'Y0WBfNq_|vLSN gP lQS (Dadi Century Film Distribution (Beijing) Co. Ltd.) ( Dadi Distribution ), a subsidiary of Dadi Media, continued to enhance its professional capability of distribution as well as actively expanded its businesses through external cooperation. Several films were released by Dadi Distribution as the lead or one of the joint distributors with other renowned distributors during the year. Two Thumbs Up ( 0] 0), which was jointly released with EMP Distribution (Beijing) Limited and SNZTq_oeSPZ gPlQS (Beijing Juhe Yinglian Media Co.,Ltd), recorded a box office of approximately RMB20.92 million. To the Fore ( 04x 0), a film about the fiery hot-blooded youth, which was jointly distributed with EMP Distribution (Beijing) Limited and other partners, recorded a box office of RMB145 million. In the meantime, Dadi Distribution has been actively seeking for cooperation opportunities. In 2014, it joined hands with ,Tq_ PZ gPlQS (Wanda Media Co., Ltd.), ]8q_PZN gPlQS (GuangZhou JinYi Media Corporation) and kjq_b} gPlQS (Hengdian Film Co., Ltd.) to establish N2mq_ |vL gPlQS (WuZhou Film Distribution Co., Limited) ( WuZhou Distribution ), of which Dadi Distribution accounted for 22.5% of its shareholdings. During the year, Wuzhou Distribution distributed a total of 14 films as a lead distributor with an aggregate box office of approximately RMB6.76 billion, accounting for approximately 25% of the gross box office of Chinese films, ranking first among private distribution companies. Each of the box office of Goodbye Mr. Loser ( 0Ymyriq 0), Mojin-The Lost 
0 # 0) and A Hero or Not ( 
distributed by Wuzhou Distribution as the lead distributor was over RMB1 billion, making into top ten highest grossing films for the year 2015.
In addition, Dadi Distribution jointly set up a media investment fund with a number of cultural media companies to comprehensively build the layout for the upstream industry chain of films.

In 2015, there were more than 1,200 new cinemas nationwide with 8,035 new screens, representing a daily average of approximately 3 newly-opened cinemas. The quality of film screenings became the necessary core capacity for every cinema investment company, aiming at providing high quality services and viewing experience for its audiences. Accordingly, technical service demand of the film market showed rapid growth.
xexfyb|vUSN gPlQS (Digicine Oristar Technology Development (Beijing) Company Limited) ( Oristar ), a subsidiary of the Group, fully seized the opportunities arising from the rapid development in technical service demand of the film market and independently developed certain products such as digital film screening server, ticketing system and cinema screening integrated management system, which filled the gaps in mainland China. Its AQ series digital film screening server was the only digital film screening server in China accredited by American film industry DCI (Digital Cinema Initiatives) to date. During the year, Oristar made breakthrough progress in the field of laser IMAX and self-developed 2K4K boards. Its first-ever laser IMAX solutions have successfully launched the third generation products. Since its establishment and up to 31 December 2015, Oristar has provided technical solutions for accumulated more than 2,000 cinema halls and entered into contracts with 460 cinemas, covering 30 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities all over China.

As for property development, the Group always holds its ground and pushes forward steadily.
According to the research on industry development trends, the Group believes that in the medium and long term, China s real estate market will gradually enter a brand new stage of development. During the process of gradually breaking away from the windfall profit era , the market s requirements for product quality and operational efficiency of the property development companies will be increased rapidly. This will accelerate the survival of the fittest and the China s real estate market will gradually get to a healthy and orderly track of development. Based on the judgement on this trend, Nan Hai Development, a subsidiary of the Group, constantly upheld its business philosophy of quality first for its long term development. While striving for enhancing operation and management ability as well as recruiting and retaining talents, it laid foundations for sustainable development.
The Peninsula Project in Shenzhen During the year, a series of new policies for the real estate industry were introduced to gradually replace all previous restrictive policies with more open and market-oriented policies. These favorable policies played an important role in real estate market recovery in first tier cities. In particular, the increase in property prices in Shenzhen topped all other cities in China for the year 2015. The Shenzhen Government recently announced policies on curbing the rapidly climbing housing price, yet these policies were relatively scientific, achieving stable development in the market instead of resulting in excessive volatility in the market, which was beneficial to the long-term development of the real estate industry.
During the year, the development of The Peninsula property project in Shenzhen of Nan Hai Development was rolled out in an orderly manner. High-end sea view residences of Phase 3 of the project with an area of approximately 185,000 sq.m.,which has obtained the pre-sales permit on 28 March 2016, and is expected for pre-sales during the second quarter of 2016, while the construction of Phase 4 of the project was commenced in July 2015, and pre-sales of which is expected to commence in 2017. It is expected that the project will generate substantial cash flows for the Group and continuously enhance its financial results. Moreover, it will provide adequate financial support for the development and expansion of new property projects and the hatching and nurture of other new business segments of the Group.
Free Man Garden project in Guangzhou During the year, the development of the Free Man Garden project by ]qgeW?b0W"u g PlQS (Guangzhou Dongjing Xincheng Properties Co., Ltd), an associate of the Group, went smoothly. The construction of the main structure of Phase 2 has completed, and the whole construction is expected to be completed in the first half of 2016 and to be delivered in the second half of 2016. The residential project of Phase 3 and the commercial project of Phase 1 are under construction. It is expected that residential project of Phase 3 will fulfill pre-sales conditions in 2016, and the commercial project of Phase 1 will be completed in mid-2016.
CORPORATE IT APPLICATION SERVICES In 2015, Sino-i continued to focus on its corporate IT application services business through key subsidiaries, namely -NORRybN gPlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ) and SNe}xexOobS gPlQS (Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited) ( Xinnet ). During the year, turnover of this segment was approximately HK$808.3 million (2014: HK$784.8 million), representing an increase of approximately 3.0% year-on-year.
The net loss before income tax was approximately HK$14.9 million (2014: HK$177.0 million). The Group managed to report significant decrease in loss, which was mainly due to the adjustments to product structure by boosting the sales of those self-developed products having higher gross profit margin, resulting in an increase of profit in 2015. Furthermore, as compared with 2014, the Group rose efficiency in product research and development, and increased the capitalization ratio of research and development expenditure, in return recording a decrease in research and development expenses as compared to last year. In addition, by improving of assets efficiency, the depreciation and amortization expenses recorded a decrease as compared to 2014.
Over the past year, the Chinese government has gradually offered more support to SMEs and vigorously pushed forward the application of information technology by enterprises. In the Report on the Work of the Government issued in March 2015, the State Council raised Internet+ to national strategic level with a view to promote the complete connection and integration between information technology and all industries by implementing the Internet+ strategic plan, and hence to facilitate overall economic transformation and upgrading. By constantly supporting the development of enterprises to create a brand new socio-economic formation, the impact of the Internet+ plan on the whole society has entered an 
In view of the fact that there were few enterprise-level information technology products available due to the variety and complexity of the information needs from SMEs, the overall market was not yet mature in spite of a favorable policy environment. Therefore, the growth rate of Sino-I s operating income was only 3% for the year. However, to our great joy, with the growing awareness of the role and value of information technology for SMEs and the attempt and application of information technology, the IT application services business designated for enterprise informatization has started to show an accelerated development trend. The Group believes that the leaping growth of the market has gradually been counting down .
In the past decade, Sino-i remained adamant about providing corporate IT application services for SMEs in the PRC and striving for development of information technology. Thanks to its unremitting efforts, Sino-i has successfully established a second-to-none national business and services network in the industry, so as to address the last kilometer problems between service providers and corporate clients. In the meantime, in respect of product development, Sino-i has successfully launched a series of leading e-commerce products in the industry after long term exploration and promotion.
In the coming year, Sino-i will be committed to promoting the optimization of business models and the development of new products, so as to improve service quality and operational efficiency. In the meantime, as one of leading enterprises in the industry, it will make its utmost efforts to push forward the development of the industry with a view to successfully grasp the opportunities arising from market development.
DEVELOPMENT OF NEW BUSINESSES Dadi News Media Adhering to its philosophy of investing in those industries which are beneficial to human intelligence, the Group expanded into the media field by establishing Dadi News Media (HK) Limited ( Dadi News Media ), striving to build new media with innovative models so as to assist in social reform and advancement by upholding its own ideas and beliefs. The businesses of Dadi News Media include HK01 and Duowei Media. As the first advocacy media in Hong Kong, HK01 will provide comprehensive and in-depth analysis on various issues such as current events, society and lifestyle by means of online to offline (O2O) model through multimedia platform at its website, weekly magazine and physical premise. In the future, HK01 will realize distribution and advertising income from its weekly magazine and website and income from holding events at its physical premise as its main source of income.
Presently, the website of HK01 has already launched on 11 January 2016, and its weekly magazine has already published on 11 March 2016. Duowei Media includes two major media, namely Duowei monthly magazine and Duowei website. Duowei monthly magazine, which was published in the second half of 2015, has been well-received by its target audience base and marked a concrete step forward for the Group s new media business.
Looking forward, the management of the Company is confident to uphold its values in pursuit of the ideals and establish Dadi News Media as a new media which can assist in social reform and advancement. The Group will continue to devote more efforts and investment in such segment to successfully build up its industrial foundation and develop it as a new segment of the Group within two to three years.
Innovative Business of Dadi The Group conducted continuous and in-depth study on the development and changes of China s macroeconomic environment and economic situation, and made forward-looking judgement on the transformation of China s economy, especially the evolution trend of China s consumption structure. Therefore, the Group has laid a solid foundation through the establishment of Dadi Cinema prior to the emergence of the service industry. At the current stage, with the development of urbanization in China, rising spending capability of the youth and the continuous growing middle class, the town youth has gradually become a huge reserve for the middle class. As a result, the growth of quality life marked by film culture and mobile culture has gained momentum. The service industry has gradually become the main driving force for economy due to the increase in consumption capability, and the business environment focusing on quality life has been gradually taking shape. Against this backdrop, for its medium to long term strategy, the Group will continue to vigorously expand its chain cinema business, and develop various businesses to build an ecosystem for the service industry based on urbanization and modern consumption models by leveraging on the well-established strong foundation of Dadi Cinema.
In accordance with this strategy, the Group introduced the Film+ strategy through Dadi Cinema. It was intended to make innovative breakthroughs, integrate all kind of resources and enhance cross-industry collaboration with movie culture groups accumulated for years by Dadi Cinema as the core, with a view to creating an ecosystem of theatre experience integrated with diversified operation of Film + Innovative Retail , Film + Innovative Catering as well as Film + Innovative Internet , while deepening its relationship with movie culture groups to explore their consumption capabilities of quality life to the full extent.
During the year, the Group launched its Innovative Business , a brand new business segment, by establishing Dadi Innovation (HK) Limited ( Dadi Innovation ). Through mergers and acquisitions and new incorporation, the Group first invested in two fields, namely chain retail and chain catering, to build the innovative business operating system. As for its retail business, the Group entered into a contract in respect of the acquisition of 70% equity interest in Crabtree & Evelyn, an internationally renowned skincare brand. Details of the acquisition are set out in the announcement dated 15 December 2015 issued by the Company. As for its catering business, on the basis of its in-depth understanding and grasp of the Chinese food consumption trends, the Group established Dadi Catering (HK) Limited ( Dadi Catering ), Dadi Catering will offer healthy, innovative and good value for money light meals and memorable dining experience through the establishment of a strong food R&D and supply chain management system for movie culture groups of Dadi Cinema.
Looking forward, the Group will continue to devote more efforts and investment in such segment to successfully build up its industrial foundation and develop it as a new segment of the Group within two to three years.

The Group is optimistic about China s macroeconomy and the future development of its three main businesses, namely culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services, and is confident that it can achieve better performance in 2016.
In the coming year, the Group will continue to vigorously develop its three main businesses, i.e.
culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services, by adhering to its diversified core business strategy. The Group will be committed to pursuing the entire industry chain layout of the film industry through the accelerated expansion of Dadi Cinema by new incorporation and mergers and acquisitions. It will also speed up the development process of the existing property projects, while striving for the exploration of new property projects; and will further improve its operation and management level as well as its operational efficiency of corporate IT application services. In the meantime, the Group will spare no efforts to foster its media business and innovative business so as to facilitate resource sharing and strategic synergy in cross-business fields, striving to develop them as the fourth and fifth segments of the Group.
In addition to creating greater value for its shareholders, the Group will consolidate its foundation for sustainable development for the medium and long term. Last but not least, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support, and also to the Board, executive committee and all staff of the Company for their dedication and 
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 30 March 2016 