On behalf of the board of directors (the Board ) of Nan Hai Corporation Limited (the Company ), I am presenting to the shareholders the annual report of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) for the year ended 31 December 2013.
The year 2013 marked the milestone of the Group. In the first half of the year, m3WWSwmv0unmi gPlQS (Shenzhen Nanhai Yitian Realty Company Limited) ( Nanhai Yitian ), a property development project company of the Group, was ruled in favor of in the final trial. The development of The Peninsula project was revitalized from passive stagnation, which in turn became the bedrock for subsisting enhancement of the Group s operating results and cash flow in the future.
During the year, by establishing its strategic presence with diversified core businesses, the Group continued to focus on culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services. Driven by the rapid growth of the culture and media division, in 2013, the Group recorded an increase of approximately 18.69% in turnover over the previous year. Benefiting from the disposal of certain shares of its former subsidiary, Listar Properties Limited ( Listar ), the Group recorded a net profit attributable to owners of the Company of approximately HK$865.2 million in 2013. The proceeds from the disposal were entirely used for reducing the Group s debts, contributing to an improved overall capital structure of the Group.

Culture and Media According to the notice issued by the director of the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television on 3 January 2014, the film market in the PRC continued to grow rapidly and remained the second largest film market in the world in 2013. The gross box office receipts nationwide amounted to RMB21.769 billion, representing a growth of 27.51% over the corresponding period last year. In 2013, the Chinese film, Journey to West: Conquering the Demons ( 
T{ 0), achieved an outstanding performance and the box office receipts of which amounted to RMB1.246 billion. In 2013, the box office receipts of Chinese film increased by 54.32% to RMB12.767 billion as compared to the previous year, accounting for 58.65% of the gross box office receipts.
Leveraging on the supporting policies and enormous room for development of the Chinese film industry, the Group continued to focus on the commitment to and development of its businesses in culture and media division through its subsidiaries, Dadi group. In addition to expanding its presence in the second and third tier cities in the PRC, the Group s cinema business ( Dadi Cinema ) aimed at those first tier cities with room for development and certain potential towns as well. In 2013, Dadi Cinema set up additional 64 cinemas with 340 screens in several cities, namely Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen, Dongguan, Foshan, Wuhan and Chongqing. According to the 2013 industry analysis disclosed by the National Film Development Funds Management Committee ( NFDFMC ) in January 2014, Dadi Cinema was the top-rated cinema operator in terms of the number of newly opened cinemas and screens, and one of the operators with the fastest pace of development in the PRC.
Under the concerted efforts by the Group and Dadi Cinema, for the year ended 31 December 2013, Dadi Cinema operated 215 cinemas with 1,033 screens, representing an increase of approximately 49.1% in the total number of screens. The Group achieved another record high admission by serving over 34.56 million audiences in total with box office receipts of about RMB1.002 billion for the year. According to the 2013 industry analysis of NFDFMC, Dadi Cinema has become one of the top three mainstream branded cinema operators in the PRC at the end of 2013, with the largest number of cinemas, the second largest number of screens as well as the third largest number of audiences and box 
During the year, the Group continued to develop its film distribution business through its subsidiary, 'Y0WBfNq_ |vLSN gPlQS (Dadi Century Film Distribution (Beijing) Co. Ltd.) ( Dadi Distribution ). A professional team responsible for film distribution and promotion was established to equip the Group with the capability of distributing big-budget films nationwide on its own.
During the year, Dadi Distribution participated in the production of Fake Fiction ( 0id{vtN 0) starred by Xu Zheng (_"]) and played a leading role in distribution of the film. The box office receipts of the film amounted to approximately RMB70 million.
In addition, given the competitive edge of its largest number of newly opened cinemas in the PRC, Dadi Cinema officially established BfNJTSN gPlQS (Century Advertising (Beijing) Limited) ( Century Advertising ), a subsidiary of the Company, as a new business arm at the end of 2012. In 2013, Century Advertising has established a concrete foundation in the aspects of organization management system; sales team establishment, and business development, and has adopted the selling model combining sales channels and direct sales as well as commencement of sales business of both screen and cinema in-foyer advertising resources that generated satisfactory revenue for the Group.

In 2013, in view of the controlling measures in various aspects in the property market adopted by the Chinese government, the transaction volumes and prices in certain cities in the PRC slid down. However, the property market in the PRC, particularly first tier cities, still recorded a considerable increase in the average transaction prices. At the backdrop of such crucial stage of economic transformation, the economic growth of the PRC was slow but stable. The urbanization and construction in the PRC because the key forces for domestic demand, which would motivate the property sector to accelerate its pace in reforming and therefore achieve rapid and healthy development. The Group is cautiously optimistic towards the outlook of the property development division.
In the first half of the year, the litigation in relation to The Peninsula in Shenzhen was ruled in favor of in the final trial. The property development business of the Group managed to shake off all adverse impacts in the recent years, and the follow-up development was back on track for healthy development. During the year, Phase 2 of the project was accredited the National Quality Project Award ( W[*Q] zNs). At the end of the year, the planning and adjustment works of Phases 3 to 5 of The Peninsula in Shenzhen were in the stage of public disclosure. Subsequent to the expiry of the public disclosure period, the regular registration and application process of Phase 3 began. It is expected that the construction of Phase 3 will commence in the second half 
During the year, Free Man Garden in Guangzhou got over the adverse effect arising from limitation in purchase of property policies issued by the PRC government and attained the annual sales expectation. The residential construction work of Phase 1 was completed and gradually examined by the government authorities. The enclosure construction and part of the temporary facilities of Phase 2 were also completed, and the construction works have been commenced in the first quarter of 2014.
Corporate IT Application Services During the year, Sino-i Technology Limited ( Sino-i ), a listed subsidiary of the Company, continued to focus on the development of its corporate IT application services business through its main subsidiary -NORRybN g PlQS (CE Dongli Technology Company Limited) ( CE Dongli ). CE Dongli got over both internal and external adverse factors during the year, posting a growth in turnover as compared to the corresponding period last year. In the meantime, its operating result was also improved by further enhancing operating efficiency and 
During the year, CE Dongli still adhered to its strategies of innovation. R&D resources were committed to such areas as e-commerce, Zshop and webmail hosting services. ZTS, a new product, and the new version of Z+ were successfully launched to the market. In addition, products like AZshopS for different market segments, catering to the demands and characteristics of the industry were introduced. Attempts to tap into various market segments, especially specializing in identifying major customers in the industry, were made by establishing a key customer marketing team.
With respect to sales channel, for the year ended 31 December 2013, there were nearly 80 branches offices of CE Dongli. By means of the online operation of informatization system and the integration of its internal information resources during the year, CE Dongli achieved enhancement of the overall operating efficiency of its 
With respect to cost control, CE Dongli rationalized its lines of product and business to reduce cost of sales.
Meanwhile, CE Dongli also commenced various administrative expenses reduction programmes. As a result, administrative expenses of CE Dongli, both at the levels of headquarters and sales branches, were significantly lower as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year.
During the year, Sino-i, through its subsidiary, e}O obS gPlQS (Xinnet Technology Information Company Limited), gained full control over the management, businesses and operations of SNe}xex OobS gPlQS(Beijing Xinnet Cyber Information Company Limited)( Beijing Xinnet ) and became entitled to all benefits generated by the operations of Beijing Xinnet, in addition to an option to acquire the entire equity interest of Beijing Xinnet when necessary pursuant to a set of structured agreements. Given such benefits as Beijing Xinnet s existing virtual server hosting equipment; customer base; and valid license for providing internet content services in the PRC, the Group can provide virtual server hosting and maintenance services for its customers in the PRC in a more efficient and cost-effective manner, which are useful in broadening the scope of Sino-i s corporate IT application services and enhancing its core competitive strengths in the market. The Group disclosed details of the above transactions in its announcements dated 15 November 2013 and 6 December 2013 
Business Opportunities and Development 
The Group is confident in the future development of the PRC. In 2013, the annual gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate of the PRC was approximately 7.7%. The service sector showed a strong development momentum, the income proportion of which rose to 46.1%, surpassing the second largest sector (i.e. the industrial sector) for the first time. In the forthcoming five years, the annual GDP growth rate of the PRC is expected to maintain at 7.5% to 8.5%. The modern service sector in which culture and media and corporate IT application services, the core businesses of the Group, were categorized, would still remain in a rapid development stage. The Group believes that, alongside the gradually developed movie-watching habit of consumers in the PRC, the Chinese film market is expected to maintain an annual average growth rate of 30% in box office receipts in the coming five years, hopefully replacing the United States as the largest film market in the world. The property sector in the PRC was still under the impacts arising from the national key controlling policies, and the sales volume of property will be affected for a certain period of time. However, as the property sector was standardized and optimized, it would gradually become market-oriented. Meanwhile, given the improving living quality of consumers in the PRC, the Group adhered to the concept of establishing a high quality community which would eventually gain a more extensive recognition from the market. In addition, the new urbanization and construction in the PRC would also continue to derive enormous demand for property 
It is expected that the Group will continue to strategically invest in its culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services businesses in the next three to five years so as to achieve subsisting rapid growth and long-term operating return.
With respect to culture and media, the Group will continue to input more resources in developing the market in the PRC for accelerating the expansion of its presence in the cinema market. The Group will establish the new urban culture and entertainment composite Free Man , a new brand, in first and second tier cities in the PRC through expansion strategies such as self- development and acquisitions to enlarge its market share in those cities. In the second and third tier cities where Dadi Cinema has its competitive edges, the Group will continue to strengthen its leading position in the market.
Looking forward, leveraging on its strong cinema network, the Group will build up a nationwide distribution network, with a view to steadily develop its middle and upper stream businesses and establish an industry chain covering film production, distribution, showing and advertising 
With respect to property development, the Group will continue to carry forward the follow-up development of its The Peninsula in Shenzhen and Free Man Garden in Guangzhou, in a faster pace, including planning to optimize the business environment by spending more resources in developing and operating ancillary facilities for establishing a high quality landmark for the urban community. At the same time, the Group is also actively identifying potential quality projects for reserve and development to attain sustainable revenue and return in the long run.
With respect to corporate IT application services, the Group will enhance the synergy between CE Dongli and Beijing Xinnet, continue to focus on corporate IT application services business and to expand corporate IT infrastructure services as well as IT infrastructure application services. The Group will also strive to promote upgraded business operating model by establishing an 
Furthermore, capitalizing on its competitive strength in resource and capability, the Group will cautiously select businesses from intellectual sector and chain operation for investment and development so as to optimize its strategic presence of diversified core businesses for continuous enhancement in the Group s value.

Looking forward to the coming year, the Group will adhere to its middle to long-term development strategy and continue to focus on its three business segments, namely culture and media, property development and corporate IT application services. It will continue to strengthen its leading market position in the culture and media as well as corporate IT application services divisions.
Meanwhile, the Group will carry forward the development of the property projects in a faster pace and improve operating efficiency, for maximizing value for shareholders of the Company.
Finally, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders for their concern and support, and also to the Board, executive committee and all staff of the Company for their dedication and contribution.
Yu Pun Hoi 
Hong Kong, 28 March 2014 