CHAIRMAN¡¯S STATEMENT
During the year, the Company completed its shareholding restructuring with its holding company, Sino-i
Technology Limited (¡°Sino-i¡±, HKSE: 0250). Now as the holding company of Sino-i , the Company will continue to
focus in the area of property investment and development, and through its interest in Sino-i, engaging to the
sectors of corporate IT application services, financial information services and distance learning and application
services. Through this reorganization, the Company assets have achieved healthy expansion, realized a more
flexible and coherent operation structure, which are in the best interest of our shareholders. In the area of
operation management, the Company will continue its active expansion on a steady growth basis. With the
management team¡¯s buildup of professional experience, we have achieved all business targets in this reporting
period with outstanding performance, strong revenue growth, increased cash flow and enhanced corporate
image.
1. PROPERTY INVESTMENT BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
Industry Overview
According to the Economic Forecast
Department of the State Information
Centre, during the first ten months of
2005, more than 130 million square
meters of land developed in China, though
it was declining by 1.3% by comparing
with 2004, land acquisition and
development margin continue to increase.
State regulatory policy focus has changed
from speculation control and ensuring
price stability to encouraging domestic
consumption and commercial housing consumption. Under the structural adjustment policy, housing construction
completion growth has increased by 50% in Beijing, Jiangsu and other eight provinces/municipalities. Demand
for mid-level and luxury housing continues to grow, particularly in China¡¯s mid-east region, indicating a rise in
China¡¯s property market competition.
During the next few years, China¡¯s highly integrated real estate market will concentrate on servicing China¡¯s white
collars in the middle and upper income level, and providing premium quality residences of high price/
performance ratio. Investment will concentrate in the medium and large cities, maintaining 10-15% annual price
growth rate.
Project Overview
During the reporting period, our property development flagship project ¡°The Peninsula¡± completed the first phase
construction. This project involves total construction area of approximately 1 million square meters, and avowed
as the top Shenzhen city residential/office building project. In February 2006, all 1,012 apartments in ¡°The
Peninsula¡± were sold within five days, generating RMB1.5 billion in revenue. The launch of ¡°The Peninsula¡± not only
transformed the property market scope in Shenzhen and successfully promoted the property brand name of the
Company but also further strengthening the foundation for the Company. Meanwhile, the management, technology
and market expansion experiences accumulated throughout the years were examined and highlighted, which would
allow the Company a collective advantage of product quality advancement and comprehensive services.
The Company¡¯s another investment is the 1 million square meter project
located in Guangzhou New Baiyun Airport area, which is within the ¡°South
China Logistic Base¡± economic zone, listed among Guangdong province¡¯s
key construction project and a concentrated area of Guangzhou¡¯s new
economic growth. The project has been incorporated into Guangzhou¡¯s
comprehensive city development plan, and will become northern Guangzhou¡¯s
landmark, and an innovative and state-of-life international satellite city . In
view of Guangzhou real estate market trend, this project will generate
profitable return on investment for the Company. Currently, the project has
entered overall planning and government approval phase. All the preparation
works are in progress and expected to begin construction in the second half
of 2006.
Future Development
In the coming five years, the Company will steadily enter into China¡¯s comprehensive and active property market,
gradually achieve the Company¡¯s strategic expansion objective, to develop and expand market share. Meanwhile,
create and promote the property brand name of Nan Hai nationwide. A Nan Hai property investment and
business network will emerge throughout Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Beijing and other major cities, as well as
second tier cities.
2. SHAREHOLDING BUSINESS OVERVIEW
Corporate IT Application Services
Through Sino-i¡¯s IT subsidiaries of CE Dongli,
Xinnet and Easy-Trade, Sino-i began
comprehensive business development, with
stable revenue income and rapid growth.
Sino-i established and strengthened its IT
application service client base, established
strategic partnership with Google and Lenovo
to jointly develop the corporate e-commercial
market in China. Also, CE Dongli and Xinnet,
through its partnership with CNNIC, Google,
Sina, Sohu, Netease, TOM.com and others,
have generated growth and dominated
majority market share in the online marketing and online advertisement sectors; further strengthening the
leadership position of Sino-i in the IT application service industry.
Financial Settlement Services
In the past year, Easy-Trade continued to expand its
settlement and collection professional services, and
established strategic alliance with China Merchants Bank,
one of the top commercial banks in China, to jointly
develop nationwide collection services. In the coming
year, Easy-Trade will continue to expand its foothold in this
sector, establish its brand name in the settlement and collection service sector.
Financial Information Services
In 2005, Sino-i¡¯s subsidiary, Shihua, continue to dominate the FOREX information sector. Shihua also developed
industry information services, with focus on key industries that have the most national economic impact,
providing terminals and Internet-based products and services.
Distance Learning and Application Services
Beijing Chinese Dadi achieved advancement in product, service network, market expansion in 2005, registered
users increased by 390,000, repeated users increased by 25% compared to 2004. Incorporating strong
technology capability and large teaching resources, Beijing Chinese Dadi has designed education platforms for
government, institutions, and large corporations, customized course studies, and responsible for many national
levels educational technology service projects.
Sales and Technology NetworkAfter seven years, through CE Dongli and Xinnet, Sino-i
has established a sales office network in more than 60
key cities and a network of more than 8,000 distributors.
The combined scope, quality, efficiency and operation
experience has achieved record status in China¡¯s IT
service sector. The technology team has greatly increased
in size, more than 800 staff, as well as overall capability.
Management and Expansion Strategy
We will base on various business departments as operating units, developing a direct line of responsibility for the
management structure of the Group. By using of integration of objective management, budget management and
performance achievement management for continuing enhancing the development of management system as a
whole for promoting the comprehensive growth of the Group. To better achieve structural growth, mergers and
acquisitions have always been a key strategy of Sino-i. In the past years, Sino-i achieved immense success
through the acquisition of CE Dongli and Xinnet. In 2006, if opportunities arise, Sino-i will accelerate its M&A
activities, particularly in technology oriented companies, to fully integrate industry chain resources, increase
market share, strengthen technology expertise. At the same time, Sino-i will continue to establish cooperation
with domestic and international corporations, to solidify our market leadership position.
Conclusion
The coming year will be filled with progress, success and opportunities. The accumulated experience and
practicable spirit will be basis of the future success for Nan Hai. The Company will be pragmatic, focused and
diligent to implement an integrated development strategy based on our property investment and development as
our basis; to ensure maximum benefit for our shareholders. Thank you for your confidence in the Company, and
we look forward to the continued support of our shareholders.
Yu Pun Hoi
Chairman
Hong Kong, 20 April 2006