I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2010 to the shareholders.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2010 was RMB8,053.6 million, an increase of 56.2% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2010 were RMB4.432 and RMB4.328 respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
2010 witnessed another year of steady development in the Internet market in China. According to the CNNIC, the total number of Internet users increased by 19.1% on a year-on-year basis to 457.3 million at the end of 2010, compared to a growth rate of 28.9% in the previous year. Internet penetration increased to 34.3%, exceeding global average for the first time. Although the growth of China s Internet user base has been slowing down as its scale continues to increase, the Internet has increasingly become an integral part of people s everyday life as users spend more time online. We expect future growth of the industry to be increasingly driven by rising level of Internet usage by users and businesses, as opposed to user growth. In addition, advertising and e-commerce will become more important business models for the industry, in addition to revenue generated from users.

The industry witnessed several significant developments during 2010. First of all, the year saw continued rapid growth of the wireless Internet market.
According to the CNNIC, the total number of wireless Internet users in China increased by 29.7% to 302.7 million at the end of 2010, representing 66.2% of the Internet user base. This was mainly driven by better wireless data infrastructure and availability of mobile applications such as WAP portal, IM and social games. Secondly, while traditional SNS continued to develop following a year of strong growth in 2009, microblog enjoyed explosive growth and emerged as a major social media platform in China. Thirdly, although the growth of the online gaming sector slowed down with the increasing scale of the industry, the web game sector experienced rapid growth in 2010.

Tencent Holdings Limited 6 Annual Report 2010 
Meanwhile, the online advertising market benefited from the buoyant economy in China as well as positive impact of major events including the World Cup and the World Expo. In addition, the strong growth momentum of e-commerce and search advertising continued.

In 2010, our businesses delivered a strong set of financial and operating results, riding on the growth of our platforms and our relentless focus on user experience. Our IVAS grew rapidly during the year, thanks to the robust revenue increase of our online gaming business. Community value-added services also registered solid growth. Our MVAS benefited from increased popularity of our bundled SMS packages, mobile social games and mobile music services.
Our online advertising business achieved significant growth in revenues and client base, reflecting our expanding platforms, improved brand position and media influence, as well as successful leverage of major events.

For the fourth quarter of 2010, our IVAS business expanded compared to the previous quarter. This primarily reflected the revenue increase of our online gaming business, mainly driven by a full quarter contribution from Qi Xiong Zheng Ba, a web-based MMOG launched in August 2010, and increased monetisation of Cross Fire. Our MVAS business registered revenue growth mainly driven by our bundled SMS packages and mobile social games. Our advertising business also grew during the quarter, reflecting the revenue increase of our search business. Despite weaker seasonality in the fourth quarter, advertising revenues from IM client and portal were broadly stable.

Looking into the first quarter of 2011, we expect more favourable seasonality for our IVAS business, particularly for online games, as users generally spend more during the winter school break and the Chinese New Year holiday.
Monthly subscription of IVAS will also benefit from positive seasonality, albeit to a lesser extent. For MVAS, monthly subscription will see a more benign environment as the negative impact of the regulation requiring service providers to conduct double confirmation plus reminder services stablises. For our online advertising business, the first quarter is traditionally a weaker season as advertisers reduce their activities around the Chinese New Year holiday.

New Strategic Investments for the Future 
We are operating in a dynamic and ever-evolving industry where new services and business models emerge, and the competitive landscape changes rapidly. While our user base and leading Internet platforms provide us with a solid foundation for capturing emerging opportunities, we do face significant challenges on a continuous basis. The most notable one is intensifying market competition. Major companies in the industry are all diversifying their businesses and increasing their investments in various sectors. In addition, an increasing number of up-and-coming companies have significantly strengthened their financial resources and competitiveness through initial public offerings and capital raising. Another key challenge is the increasing security threat to our users. This was evidenced by a significant security attack that we encountered in the fourth quarter of 2010, which not only caused substantial disruption to our users and businesses, but also inflicted damage on our corporate image.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2010 
In view of the opportunities and challenges, we have initiated a new investment phase, during which we will be making significant investments in our existing platforms including IM, SNS, wireless and gaming, as well as a range of new strategic initiatives, to position ourselves for future growth. One of the new strategic initiatives is our microblog service, which has been growing rapidly since its re-launch in April 2010. With registered user accounts already exceeding 110 million, it has become an important social media platform in the context of our overall strategy, offering synergistic value to other Internet platforms of Tencent, such as IM, Qzone and QQ.com. In 2011, we will continue to focus on growing the user base of our microblog and optimising its user experience. Another strategic area that we are working on is e-commerce. In 2010, Tenpay and Paipai registered robust increase in transaction volumes, riding on the growth of the overall market. To increase our market share, we are extending into lifestyle service categories, such as group buying and travel, and exploring other e-commerce opportunities through investments. For search advertising, we are enhancing our overall competitiveness by investing in our search engine and advertising platform. In addition, we have launched our self-developed mobile search service and are exploring the synergies between SNS and search. We are also stepping up our explorative effort in international expansion. We have been making strategic investments in emerging markets such as Russia, India and South East Asia, and leveraging our technical and operational know-how to deliver quality Internet products and services to users in these markets. Recently, we have acquired a majority stake in Riot Games, a US-based independent developer and publisher of premium online games. This transaction allows us to gain exposure to the global online gaming market, as well as leverage the expertise and resources of a top-class game developer. As for online security, we have been increasing our focus on enhancing the security of QQ software and enhancing our safety products through research and development and co-operation with security software developers in the industry in order to better protect our users. In addition, we are increasing our investments in the marketing of our brand, platforms and products. Subsequent to the security attack in the fourth quarter of 2010, we have embarked on a major advertising program for revamping our corporate image. Another major advertising program focusing on microblog has also been launched.

These strategic initiatives involve significant investments in a range of areas, including research and development, marketing, content acquisition and technological infrastructure, in the coming years. In particular, we expect staff costs to increase significantly as we recruit more talents and strive to provide our staff with the most competitive overall package in the market. In addition, marketing costs will also increase as we aim to promote our new products and services. As we will incur significant costs on these initiatives and many of them will not generate revenue immediately, our profitability will be affected during the investment period. However, we believe we must take a long-term view in building our business, and these initiatives will benefit the Company and our shareholders in the long run.

Tencent Holdings Limited 8 Annual Report 2010 
Open Platform Strategy 
As the Internet becomes more entrenched into our everyday life, users demands are becoming more diverse and complex. To become a stronger player in the market, we need to significantly enrich the applications and content offered to users in order to cater for their ever-changing needs in communications, information, entertainment and e- commerce. This is only made possible by promoting innovation and collaboration among all participants along the industry value chain. As such, we are striving to create a win-win-win ecosystem for users, application developers and ourselves by pursuing an open platform strategy. Such ecosystem should provide an open and sharing platform supporting innovation from all our partners.

Our key platforms have already been playing an essential role for building up a collaborative industry cluster. For instance, Qzone and our microblog enable social sharing on third-party websites, and support third-party applications with open API. Our IM service provides an open platform which enables third-party developers to benefit from our massive user base with web-based and client-based applications. We have also extended the reach of Tenpay into helping small-to-medium enterprises to promote and collect payment for their localised lifestyle services, and opened up API for different industries. As for Discuz!, our bulletin board system solution platform, we facilitate small-to- medium websites to build communities, increase traffic and explore monetisation opportunities.

As one of the key initiatives under our open platform strategy, we announced the establishment of the Tencent Collaboration Fund in January 2011. Aiming to invest up to RMB5 billion in innovative and top-notch Internet and related companies in China over a period of time, it will be operated as an internal fund and will be invested when appropriate opportunities arise. We believe the Fund will stimulate the development of more innovative companies and more quality services for Internet users, and nurture a healthy ecosystem which benefits the users, innovative companies, our open platforms and the Internet industry as a whole.

In 2010, our core IM platform benefited from the rapid growth of wireless Internet users and expanded further.
However, the growth rate decreased compared to the previous year as the increase in Internet users in China slowed down. Active user accounts amounted to 647.6 million at the end of the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 23.8%. PCU grew by 37.1% to 127.5 million. During the year, we continued to enhance the features and user experience of our IM service. We also expanded into broader user groups and deepened the integration of our IM services with other platforms. While we will continue to focus on these initiatives in 2011, we will enhance the anti- hijack and anti-attack capabilities of our IM service in order to protect our users in a challenging security environment.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2010 
With significant growth in traffic, QQ.com continued to consolidate its position as the most visited portal in China. We have been successful in leveraging major events including the World Cup, the World Expo, and the Asian Games to enhance our brand image, media influence as well as user loyalty. Going forward, we will build on the positive impact we made in these major events to further enhance the position of QQ.com as a mainstream media platform in China.
We will also continue to enhance the breadth and depth of our content, optimise our operations, as well as achieve stronger integration between QQ.com and our microblog platform.

Our community value-added services enjoyed solid growth during 2010. For SNS, Qzone maintained its position as the leading social networking platform in China, with its active user base increasing by 26.9% on a year-on-year basis to 492.0 million at the end of 2010. However, compared to the previous year, the growth rate reduced as the scale of the user base increased and the positive impact of social applications lessened over time. During the year, we enriched Qzone with a range of self-developed and third-party applications, as well as enhanced its infrastructure to increase social sharing and interaction. To cater for the differentiated social networking needs of university students and white- collar communities, we upgraded our real-name SNS Xiaoyou to Pengyou in the third quarter of 2010 and promoted the service to a broader user group. At the end of the fourth quarter of 2010, the active user accounts of Pengyou grew rapidly to 84.6 million, representing an increase of 56.1% compared to the previous quarter. With our open platform strategy, we are significantly expanding the portfolio of social applications available on Qzone and Pengyou through closer co-operation with third-party developers. For QQ Membership, user base expanded along with the growth of the active user accounts of our IM service. Throughout the year, we focused on enhancing user value by enriching online and offline lifestyle privileges. User stickiness and loyalty improved as a result. In 2011, we will continue to execute 
Our online gaming business achieved above-industry growth in 2010, increasing our market share and strengthening our leading position in the market. Our major MMOGs and advanced casual games were the key growth driver. In particular, Cross Fire achieved solid growth in paying users and revenues. During the year, we launched new online games in different genres to further diversify our game portfolio and broaden our user base. Launched in August 2010, Qi Xiong Zheng Ba has become a leading title in the fast growing web game sector. Meanwhile, significant progress was made in the children segment as we introduced Roco Kingdom in July 2010 and achieved over 350,000 in PCU.
QQ Game, the largest mini-casual game portal in China, registered healthy growth during 2010 and provided a solid growth platform for other online games of Tencent. Its PCU increased to 6.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, primarily reflecting our continued efforts in enriching our game portfolio, as well as the positive impact of tournaments and cross-platform integration.

Tencent Holdings Limited 10 Annual Report 2010 
With slowing industry growth, intensifying competition and increasing sophistication of gamers, the success rate and extent of success for new game titles is expected to decrease. To tackle these challenges, we have put a strong emphasis on leveraging our platforms and operational experience to introduce high quality games to a broader range of market segments via self-development, licensing and investments. For new online games for 2011, we have already launched World of West, a hardcore 3D fantasy MMOG, in the first quarter. We plan to introduce three MMOGs and one advanced casual game for the rest of 2011. As for the industry environment, we believe there will be more regulations going forward as the online gaming market has become a significant component of China s cultural and entertainment industry. While our business may be affected as a result, the additional regulations should foster a healthier industry environment over the longer term.

In 2010, our MVAS business benefited from the growth in our bundled SMS packages, mobile social games and mobile music services. The revenue growth was dampened by new regulations such as requiring service providers to conduct double confirmation plus reminder services for monthly subscription and item sales, as well as the suspension of billing for WAP services by China Mobile since 30 November 2009. On the other hand, we continued to make progress in wireless Internet applications. During the year, traffic on our WAP portal registered significant growth, further consolidating its position as the leading wireless portal in China. To prepare ourselves for the opportunities in the wireless Internet market, we will continue to extend our PC-based services, including SNS and microblog, to wireless platforms and customising our applications for a larger variety of terminal devices. In addition, we are strengthening our partnerships with various players in the evolving industry value chain, such as handset vendors, mobile operators and content providers. Looking ahead, we expect the visibility of the industry to remain low as the regulatory environment is still uncertain.

In 2010, our online advertising business benefited from the buoyant macroeconomic environment. We were successful in leveraging major events, including the World Cup and the World Expo, to generate advertising opportunities and enhance our brand image through major advertising campaigns. As a result, our revenues and client base registered solid growth, demonstrating increased market recognition of the strengths of our Internet platforms and our media influence. On top of the sectors such as food and beverage, online gaming and apparel where we have already established significant presence, we increased our market share in other major sectors such as automobile and finance. Our search advertising business is still in a nascent phase of development as we focus on building our traffic and search advertising platform. In addition to our continued investments in our search engine and advertising platform, we have increased our search distribution partnership to enhance traffic.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2010 
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.55 per share (2009: HKD0.40 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2010, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM. Such proposed dividend will be payable on 25 May 2011 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 11 May 2011.

I would like to extend the Board s sincere gratitude to our employees for their hard work and commitment, which has been, and will continue to be, essential for the Group s success and competitive edge in a market full of challenges and uncertainties. We also thank our shareholders and other stakeholders for their continuous support and confidence in our Group.

