I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2009 to the shareholders.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2009 was RMB5,155.6 million, an increase of 85.2% compared with the results for the year ended 31 December 2008. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2009 were RMB2.862 and RMB2.791 respectively.

BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
The Internet market in China continued to expand rapidly in 2009. Total number of Internet users increased by 28.9% to 384 million at the end of the year, according to China Internet Network Information Center. At the end of 2009, Internet penetration stood at 28.9%, reaching global average, but was still lower than that in developed countries. After years of rapid growth in penetration, the growth rate of new users is poised to slow down over time. On the other hand, the usage of Internet is becoming more entrenched in users everyday life. This is evidenced by the fact that the average time spent online per user has been growing. In addition, the Internet has increasingly become a major media for people in China to communicate and network, to seek entertainment and information as well as to conduct transactions. We believe the sector is well-poised to benefit from the secular growth of the Chinese economy in the 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2009 5 
2009 was a year in flux for both the economy and the Internet industry in China. The overall economic environment was very challenging at the beginning of the year with the global financial crisis negatively impacting on investments and consumption. However, market conditions improved substantially later on, riding on the Chinese government s enormous stimulus package. For the Internet market, the year saw rapid development of the mobile Internet, catalysed by the reduction in traffic costs, increasing penetration of Internet-enabled mobile devices, and the launch of 3G mobile networks. At the end of 2009, total mobile Internet population in China increased significantly by 98.5% to 233 million. Such rapid growth has underpinned the rising adoption of different Internet applications on mobile, including WAP portal, IM, social networking service ( SNS ) and games. Another significant development in the Internet market was the evolution and substantial growth of the SNS sector, mainly driven by the rising popularity of social gaming applications. SNS platforms have increasingly become an indispensable part of everyday life for Internet users.
Meanwhile, the online gaming sector continued to expand, riding on the continued growth of MMOGs, advanced casual games and mini casual games, as well as the upsurge in web-based games. During the year, usage of online video also grew significantly, although rampant piracy hampered participation of established Internet companies like ourselves.
For online advertising, the industry was impacted by the global financial crisis in the first half of the year as advertisers significantly reduced their spending in response to the economic downturn. This was followed by a gradual recovery in the second half of the year as market conditions improved.

As the Chinese Internet market continues to develop, we have witnessed users increasing demand for better services, and more intensified competition from experienced and well-funded competitors. In order to maintain our position in this dynamic and highly competitive industry, we will continue to increase our investments in research and development, technological infrastructure, people development and branding in the coming years. In this process, we will incur significant costs and may even have to forgo certain revenues that interfere with user experience. However, we believe we ought to take a long-term perspective in building our business, and these investments will benefit the Company and our shareholders in the long run.

In the year of 2009, Tencent s diversified business portfolio delivered robust growth. Our Internet value-added services ( IVAS ) grew significantly during the year, underpinned by the growth of our major online games and community value-added services. Our mobile and telecommunications value-added services ( MVAS ) also registered solid increase in revenues on the back of the growth in our bundled SMS packages and mobile games. Despite the impact of the global financial crisis, our online advertising business registered above-industry growth as we continued to improve the key aspects of our business, including brand, content, sales organisation and technology platform. For the fourth quarter of 2009, our IVAS registered increase in revenues as our community value-added services, which were less sensitive to seasonal fluctuation, continued to grow. Despite weaker seasonality, revenues from our online gaming business were broadly stable compared to the previous quarter, primarily driven by the strong performance of Dungeon and Fighter ( DNF ) and Cross Fire. Our MVAS enjoyed significant growth in revenues on the back of the continued increase in the user base of our bundled SMS packages. Mobile games and the recovery of realisation rates, which were particularly low in the third quarter, also contributed to the growth. Our online advertising business experienced decline in revenues in the fourth quarter. This mainly reflected the contraction of our search-based advertising business as we amended service contract with our partner and switched to our self-developed search engine.
Advertising revenues from our IM client and portal increased with general improvement in macro environment as well as enhanced customer recognition of the effectiveness of our advertising platforms. Looking into the first quarter of 2010, we expect more favourable seasonality for our IVAS, particularly for our online games, as the winter break for students and the Chinese New Year holidays would enhance users propensity to spend. For MVAS, revenues would be affected by the suspension of billing for WAP services by China Mobile since 30 November 2009 and the continued decline of legacy services, including content download, colour ringback tone and IVR. The regulatory measure implemented in early 2010, which limits one SMS service code to one product only, would also have a negative impact on the business. Our online advertising business would face a weaker season in the first quarter as advertising activities generally slow down around the Chinese New Year holidays.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
6 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2009 
Our core IM platform enjoyed continued growth during the year, thanks to the increasing popularity of SNS, which enhanced user activity and engagement through cross-platform integration. Usage of our IM service via client software installed on Internet-enabled mobile devices also contributed to the growth. Active users at the end of the year reached 522.9 million, representing a year-on-year growth of 38.8%. Peak concurrent users ( PCU ) increased by 87.1% to 93.0 million in the fourth quarter. On 5 March 2010, we made a significant milestone as our PCU exceeded 100 million, marking a new page in the history of China s Internet market.

During the year, we continued to focus on enhancing our IM platform. QQ 2009, a new generation of our IM service, was successfully launched to enhance the overall user experience, and to allow us to better address different needs of our large user base. Its improved architecture also enables broader and deeper integration with other platforms of Tencent, enhancing user value and stickiness. Going forward, we will further enhance our services for different user segments with tailored functionalities based on the new architecture.

QQ.com continued to generate the highest traffic among portals in China. During the year, our brand image and awareness further improved as we stepped up our advertising and promotional activities, which include a major brand TV advertising campaign that ran from December 2009 to early 2010. We also focused on enhancing QQ.com s position as a leading mainstream media by strengthening the reporting of major events, such as the 60th anniversary of National Day, and enhancing the content quality of different channels. In 2010, we will leverage our sponsorship for the 2010 World Exposition in Shanghai as well as the coverage of other major events, such as the World Cup, to further enhance our brand position and media influence. We will also continue to improve our key vertical channels and achieve stronger integration with other platforms of Tencent.

Internet value-added services For our community value-added services, Qzone registered robust growth during the year and further consolidated its position as the largest SNS platform in China, with active users increasing by 158.4% to 387.8 million at the end of 2009. The key drivers of the strong growth were the popularity of SNS applications, especially social games, as well as the continued improvements in user experience and features. Xiaoyou, a real-name SNS launched in January 2009, gained considerable traction during the year and has become a popular service among university students and young alumni. In 2010, we will focus on offering more SNS applications, including third-party applications, to enhance user value and better address the needs of different user groups in the market. We will also enhance the integration of our SNS with other platforms of Tencent to further extend our leadership. For QQ Membership, 2009 saw significant growth in user base as well as enhanced user loyalty and stickiness, mainly attributable to the bundling of more value- added functions as well as online and offline lifestyle privileges. However, further growth of QQ Membership will become more challenging with its large base and already high penetration among the QQ users. For QQ Show, revenues increased significantly during the year as we focused on promoting its fashionable appeal with the launch of different trendy themes and offline promotions, as well as improving user loyalty and stickiness through our subscription program. Seasonal volatility of the product also decreased as the bulk of the revenue was generated through monthly subscription as opposed to item-sale before. For QQ Pets, revenues declined during the year as we reduced monetisation to increase usage and to transform it into a multi-player community platform. We will re-position the product as a game targeting younger demographics, and expect the product to generate relatively little revenue 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2009 7 
Our online game business posted remarkable growth in 2009. Since the second quarter of 2009, we have become the largest online game operator in China by revenue, demonstrating the strengths of our platforms, our diversified product portfolio as well as our execution capabilities. During the year, our major MMOGs and advanced casual games commanded strong market response and posted significant growth in users and revenues. DNF experienced significant growth during the year. In the fourth quarter of 2009, its PCU reached 2.2 million, making it one of China s top online games. Cross Fire became the first First Person Shooting ( FPS ) game in the world achieving the 1 million PCU milestone. Its PCU further increased to 1.8 million in the fourth quarter. QQ Dancer also saw its PCU surpassing 1 million during the year. QQ Game, the largest mini-casual game portal in China, continued to register solid growth with its PCU growing to 6.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2009.

During 2009, we launched Silk Road Hero, a web-based MMOG, and Hero Island, a niche market MMOG, to address various segments in the online gaming market. At the beginning of 2010, we also introduced A.V.A., an advanced FPS game, to further enrich our game portfolio. As the online game industry begins to mature, we believe gamers will demand for increasingly high quality games, increasing the investment requirements and decreasing the success rates for new games. Amid this more challenging industry environment, we will continue to leverage our platforms and extensive operational experience to launch high quality games in different market segments via self-development, licensing and investments. Our preliminary pipeline for the rest of 2010 includes four MMOGs. We will also continue to develop new content and play modes for our existing games.

Mobile and telecommunications value-added services Our MVAS business registered solid growth in 2009 with the continued organic growth of our bundled SMS packages and mobile games. During the year, traffic on our WAP portal registered significant growth, further consolidating our position as the leading wireless portal in China. We also continued to develop mobile applications based on our existing Internet platforms to address the different needs of mobile Internet users and capture the opportunities presented by the launch of 3G in China.

Despite the opportunities ahead, outlook of the MVAS sector in China remains uncertain as the industry value chain continues to evolve. The suspension of the billing for WAP services and additional regulatory measures implemented in early 2010 exemplified the challenging regulatory environment. We are also facing shrinking business volume for our legacy services and intensifying competition from new entrants in the market. Although we have been actively adjusting our business operations to mitigate the negative impact of these risk factors, it is important to recognise that our MVAS revenues for 2010 will continue to face low visibility and high volatility.

Our online advertising business faced a tough operating environment in 2009, particularly at the beginning of the year, as the global financial crisis severely affected market sentiment and advertising spending. Despite the challenges, we achieved above-industry revenue growth during the year, on the back of increased customer recognition of the effectiveness of our advertising platforms as well as our enhanced operations. Riding on our success among online gaming, food and beverage and apparel advertisers, we made good progress in other major advertiser sectors including automobile and finance.

CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
8 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2009 
During the year, we continued to focus on enhancing the overall competitiveness of our business. Our advertising platform has been significantly improved to offer more effective support to our sales teams in satisfying customer needs. We also stepped up our brand investments which have enhanced market recognition of the strengths of our Internet platforms among advertisers.

Looking into 2010, we will continue to focus on leveraging our integrated platforms as a key differentiator to broaden our advertiser base. Significant investments in our brand will also be made. In particular, we will ride on major events, including the 2010 World Exposition and World Cup, to enhance our brand image and media influence as well as to generate advertising opportunities. We will also continue to focus on improving the key aspects of our operations, including sales organisation and advertising platform. On the other hand, we expect to see relatively little revenue from our search business during the year as we have just switched to our self-developed search engine, and the near-to- mid-term priority for us will be on improving the user experience as opposed to generating revenue.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.40 per share (2008: final dividend of HKD0.25 per share and special dividend of HKD0.10 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2009, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company to be held on 12 May 2010. Such proposed dividend is expected to be payable on 26 May 2010 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 12 May 2010.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank all our employees for their efforts, dedication and commitment, all of which contributed to the growth of the Group, as well as our shareholders for their continuous support and confidence in our Group.

