I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2014 to the shareholders.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2014 was RMB23,810 million, an increase of 54% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2014 were RMB2.579 and RMB2.545 respectively.

Annual Report 2014 5 
Chairman s Statement 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK In 2014, the mobile Internet reshaped the Internet industry with rapid development of mobile game and entertainment activities, enhanced importance of mobile advertising, growing adoption of mobile payment and the emergence of O2O opportunities. The mobile game population grew as many smart phone users, including some who were previously not PC client game players, began playing casual or mid-core games. Mobile video and music became popular as users sought entertainment on-the-go. Mobile social advertising increased as advertisers incorporated social data for targeted advertising.
Mobile payment adoption expanded significantly as a result of increased smart phone penetration, advanced mobile payment technologies and aggressive promotion efforts by leading Internet companies. The mobile Internet enabled an upsurge in O2O transactions across industry verticals such as restaurants, transportation and household services.
Market competition remained intense as major industry participants invested aggressively in areas including: (1) popular mobile applications, such as mobile utilities, mobile payment and O2O services; (2) digital content, such as online music and video copyrights; and (3) offline industries moving online, such as finance and healthcare.

Overall Financial Performance Year Ended 31 December 2014 In 2014, revenues increased by 31% to RMB78,932 million. Excluding the eCommerce transactions business, revenues increased by 46% to RMB74,179 million.
VAS. Revenues from our VAS business increased by 41% to RMB63,310 million. Our online game business achieved healthy growth in revenues, mainly driven by PC client games and smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin. Our social networks revenues grew significantly, driven by increased in-game item sales on mobile platforms.
Subscription services also registered renewed revenue growth.
Online advertising. Revenues from our online advertising business increased by 65% to RMB8,308 million, primarily driven by video advertising and performance-based social advertising on mobile. Video advertising benefited from underlying viewer growth. The growth in performance-based social advertising on mobile was mainly driven by Mobile Qzone and Weixin Official Accounts. Our strategic co-operation with JD.com also contributed to the growth of our online 
eCommerce transactions. Revenues from our eCommerce transactions business decreased by 51% to RMB4,753 million. The decline mainly reflected a traffic shift to JD.com following our strategic transaction with JD.com in March 2014, and the repositioning of our Yixun business from principal to marketplace operations.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 54% to RMB23,810 million. Non-GAAP profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 43% to RMB24,224 million.

6 Tencent Holdings Limited 
Chairman s Statement 
Fourth Quarter of 2014 In the fourth quarter of 2014, revenues increased by 24% year-on-year to RMB20,978 million. Excluding the eCommerce transactions business, revenues increased by 50% year-on-year to RMB20,532 million.
VAS. Revenues from our VAS business increased by 44% year-on-year to RMB17,137 million. Our online game business achieved healthy growth in revenues, mainly driven by PC client games and smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin. Our gross revenues generated from smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin amounted to approximately RMB3.8 billion. Our social networks revenues grew significantly, reflecting increased in-game item sales on mobile platforms and revenue growth in subscription services.
Online advertising. Revenues from our online advertising business increased by 75% year-on-year to RMB2,627 million.
The increase primarily flowed from video advertising and performance-based social advertising on mobile.
eCommerce transactions. Revenues from our eCommerce transactions business decreased by 87% year-on-year to RMB446 million. The decline mainly reflected the traffic shift to JD.com and the repositioning of our Yixun business 
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 50% year-on-year to RMB5,860 million. Non-GAAP profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 51% year-on-year to RMB6,723 million.

In 2014, we focused on our Connection strategy, linking our users with content, services and hardware to enhance their lives online and offline. Leveraging our core communications and social platforms, Weixin and Mobile QQ, we made significant progress in fostering a healthy mobile ecosystem which provides our users with an expanding range of products and services, taking advantage of our strengths such as unified login, users social graphs, multi-platform marketing capabilities, infrastructure support, payment solutions and insights into user needs.
During the year, we moved forward in monetising mobile Internet use, initially through smart phone games and performance- based social advertising. We invested heavily in content for businesses such as our literature service, music service, and video service, contributing to substantial traffic growth. Our portfolio of mobile utilities, including mobile security, browser and application store, achieved healthy market share gains. For example, YingYongBao became one of China s leading Android application stores. We significantly expanded the user bases of our mobile payment platforms and we explored Internet finance opportunities with the launch of our wealth management platform and the inception of our bank affiliate, WeBank.

Annual Report 2014 7 
Chairman s Statement 
To complement our internal initiatives, we entered into a strategic transaction with JD.com to reposition our eCommerce business, and we continued to enrich our ecosystem by making strategic investments in and partnering with industry leaders, including 58.com, Dianping, Dididache and Koudai Gouwu.
From consumers perspective, we believe these and other partnerships enable our users to benefit from an expanding range of high quality products and services.
From partners perspective, we believe our user activity is starting to contribute materially to our partners long-term growth. For example, we believe we direct substantial volumes of traffic from our platforms to JD.com and 58.com.
From our perspective, partnerships free up our internal resources to focus on the core strengths of our platforms, while enabling us to continue to benefit financially from the growth potential of the underlying industries via our significant equity stakes in partners.
In terms of balance sheet management, we established a USD5 billion global medium term note programme in April 2014 and subsequently issued various tranches of senior notes, with an aggregate principal amount of USD4.9 billion at the end of February 2015. We received a credit ratings upgrade from Moody s on our issuer and senior unsecured debt ratings from Baa1 to A3 in March 2014.

Divisional and Product Highlights 
(in millions, unless specified) MAU of QQ 815.3 808.0 0.9% 819.8 -0.5% Smart device MAU of QQ 576.1 434.8 32.5% 542.2 6.3% PCU of QQ (for the quarter) 217.4 180.3 20.6% 216.5 0.4% Combined MAU of Weixin and WeChat 500.0 355.0 40.8% 468.1 6.8% MAU of Qzone 654.1 625.2 4.6% 628.9 4.0% Smart device MAU of Qzone 539.8 416.2 29.7% 506.3 6.6% Fee-based VAS registered subscriptions 83.7 88.6 -5.5% 88.7 -5.6% 
8 Tencent Holdings Limited 
Chairman s Statement 
In 2014, QQ and Qzone benefited from significant growth in China s mobile user base, and consolidated their leading positions in communications and social networking.
For QQ, smart device MAU increased by 33% year-on-year to 576 million at the end of 2014, while overall PCU increased by 21% year-on-year to 217 million. During the year, we enhanced user engagement on Mobile QQ as we improved its community and sharing functions. We also cultivated an ecosystem for Mobile QQ users by integrating with O2O and other new services, including those provided by our strategic partners, and introducing Mobile QQ Wallet.
For Qzone, smart device MAU increased by 30% year-on-year to 540 million at the end of 2014. User activity and stickiness improved during the year, benefiting from enhanced features and improved user experience.
Combined MAU of Weixin and WeChat reached 500 million at the end of 2014, representing year-on-year growth of 41%.
For Weixin, we strengthened user interaction and engagement with new features and services, and increased the adoption of Weixin Official Accounts.
For WeChat, we continued to promote user engagement in selected overseas markets, especially emerging Asian 
The aggregate number of user accounts that have integrated bank cards with Mobile QQ Wallet and Weixin Payment exceeded 100 million as we enriched payment scenarios and launched initiatives to build user awareness and habit, such as Red Packet 
Our online media platforms extended their leadership in China. Tencent News leveraged enhanced content, improved user experience and plug-ins to Mobile QQ and Weixin to achieve significant user growth and became the leading mobile news platform in China. Tencent Video improved its market position with a strong uplift in user base and traffic, thanks to enriched content and improved user experience.

Annual Report 2014 9 
Chairman s Statement 
In social networks, our business benefited from significant growth in in-game item sales on our mobile platforms, and higher subscription revenues as we enhanced the mobile privileges and mobile user experience for QQ Membership, Super VIP and Qzone subscription service. We also added more premium content for our literature, music and video subscription services.
In online games, we extended our leadership in the China market from PC to mobile.
For PC client games, revenue increased in 2014 as we benefited from growth in major titles and launch of new titles. LoL delivered a robust performance with significant growth in users and revenues.
For mobile games, we achieved strong revenue growth during 2014, becoming the largest publisher in China and one of the largest globally. Through the year, we diversified our portfolio of smart phone games from casual to mid-core and self-developed to third-party, enriching the choices available to users.
Looking ahead, we aim to diversify and capitalise on our strong title pipeline for PC and mobile games to penetrate into new genres and solidify our market leadership.

In 2014, our online advertising business benefited from revenue growth across the brand display and performance display categories. During the year, video advertising registered a robust revenue increase due to viewer traffic growth, including traffic arising from the Voice of China 3 program and FIFA World Cup content. We made significant progress in mobile advertising on Mobile Qzone and Weixin Official Accounts. Looking forward, we aim to allocate more inventory toward performance advertising, including inventory on Weixin Moments and YingYongBao. We continue to invest aggressively in video content to further build our traffic, including our recent exclusive partnerships with HBO and NBA.

Our eCommerce transaction business underwent a strategy transition subsequent to our strategic transaction with JD.com in March 2014. Shifting our traffic to JD.com led to a substantial reduction in our eCommerce revenues, costs, and losses.
Looking forward, we believe the strategy transition enables us to benefit more efficiently from the growth of eCommerce in China via our significant equity stakes in best-in-class eCommerce companies such as JD.com, and via generating performance-based advertising revenues from eCommerce advertisers.

10 Tencent Holdings Limited 
Chairman s Statement 
Outlook and Strategies for 2015 During 2015, in addition to developing our ongoing businesses, we intend to cultivate an increasingly vibrant mobile ecosystem, bringing our own and our partners products and services to China consumers. Key aspects of cultivating this 
Working with existing and prospective strategic partners in various verticals to deliver better O2O and transactional services to users; Developing our digital content businesses in partnership with key content providers, such as online literature authors, HBO, NBA, Sony Music, Warner Music, and YG Entertainment; Growing our performance-based advertising business by adding more mobile advertising inventory, enhancing advertiser tools, and expanding our advertiser base, all while balancing user experience; and Promoting use of our payment services through enriched payment scenarios.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.36 per share (2013: HKD1.20 per share before the effect of the Share Subdivision, or HKD0.24 per share after the effect of the Share Subdivision) for the year ended 31 December 2014, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2015 AGM. Such proposed dividend will be payable on 29 May 2015 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 20 May 2015.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to thank our shareholders and stakeholders for their full and continued confidence and support. I also wish to extend my appreciation to our committed staff at every level and management team for their contributions in delivering the remarkable success. Looking ahead, we will continue to build a prosperous Internet ecosystem to enhance our users lives online and offline.

