I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2011 to the shareholders.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2011 was RMB10,203.1 million, an increase of 26.7% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2011 were RMB5.609 and RMB5.490 respectively.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 5 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
China Internet Industry Review for 2011 
2011 was a year of challenges and opportunities for the Internet sector in China. On the macroeconomic front, the global economy faced increased uncertainties during the year as the European sovereign debt crisis deepened. Against this backdrop, the economic growth of China reduced but still remained at a relatively robust level. Meanwhile, China s Internet market continued to grow in terms of total users, although the growth rate decelerated along with its increased scale. According to the CNNIC, the total number of Internet users increased by 12.2% on year-on-year basis, lower than the growth rate of 19.1% for the previous year, to 513.1 million at the end of 2011, while Internet penetration increased further to 38.3%.

Despite the slowdown in user expansion, Internet usage among users continued to increase and the ways through which Internet penetrates into users daily lives proliferated further. During 2011, popularity of mobile Internet among users grew significantly on the back of the increasing adoption of smartphones and the emergence of a large variety of compelling mobile applications. Mobile Internet users equated to 69.3% of the total Internet user base at the end of 2011, up from 66.2% a year ago. In particular, microchat generated highly positive market response and became a popular type of social application on smartphones. For microblog, the substantial growth in user base continued during the year, solidifying its position as a major social media in China. While the online game sector has entered a relatively steady stage of development, the web game segment presented incremental growth opportunities for developers and publishers. The online advertising sector continued to benefit from China s robust economic growth and the increase in advertisers online advertising budgets. In addition, the growth of the sector was fueled by the emergence of new media platforms, particularly online videos. The e-commerce sector continued to grow rapidly. On top of the traditional C2C and B2C models, group buying enjoyed explosive growth but faced significant slowdown and consolidation in the second half of the year. Last but not least, the growth in the overall search market remained robust, and mobile search showed strong development potential in both traffic and revenue.

Company Highlights for 2011 
A. Overall Financial Performance 
In 2011, we achieved solid growth in our core businesses. While the growth in community VAS slowed down as the user expansion of China s Internet market decelerated, we extended our leadership in the online game market with growth in market share, thanks to the increased popularity of our major titles and contributions from new titles. For MVAS, 2011 saw revenue growth from our bundled SMS packages, mobile games and mobile books, against the backdrop of a more stringent regulatory environment. Our online advertising also registered healthy growth, reflecting our expanded platforms as well as our efforts in enhancing our brands and business 
6 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 
For the fourth quarter of 2011, our online game business registered sequential revenue growth despite weaker seasonality, primarily reflecting the growth in DNF, LOL, and QQ Game. Our community VAS also achieved revenue growth, riding on increased item-based sales from third-party and first-party applications on Qzone and higher subscription base of QQ Membership. Our MVAS grew slightly compared to the previous quarter as our mobile games and mobile book service gained further popularity, while our realisation rates remained volatile.
Our online advertising business experienced a modest quarter-on-quarter decline in revenues, with the growth in our search and video advertising revenues offset by weaker seasonality.

B. Strategic Progress 
In our 2010 annual report, we identified several strategic initiatives for 2011. During the past year, we made substantial progress against many of these initiatives: 
Open platform. We believe we operate the leading open platform in China in terms of user activities and revenue opportunities for third-party developers. Our platform now has over 40,000 registered third-party applications including games, tools and lifestyle services. More than 10 third-party applications have achieved over 10 million monthly active users.

Tencent Microblog. The user base and activity on Tencent Microblog have sharply increased, and it is now the leader in China in metrics such as registered accounts and daily active users.

Online security. Our PC Manager has achieved wide market acceptance, and growth in market share. We have enriched our product features and functionalities by investing in technologies and forging partnerships with leading industry players.

International expansion. Riot Games LOL title has become one of the most popular online games in the United States, Europe, Taiwan, Korea, as well as mainland China. Our investee company Mail.ru has enjoyed substantial growth in advertising, IVAS, and game revenue in Russia.

Search. Our search engine has achieved substantial traffic growth, especially on mobile devices. We believe we are among the top two search engines in China in terms of mobile market share.

E-commerce. Paipai continued to register strong transaction volume growth in 2011. We launched a new B2B2C platform, Buy.qq.com, to build a healthy eco-system for our e-commerce partners and users. We also made strategic investments in different subsectors along the e-commerce value chain. It is encouraging that some of our investee companies have delivered significant growth in business scale in their target verticals.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 7 
More broadly, we continued to build on our leading position in the overall social networking sector in China, riding on our unique multi-platform social network spanning communications, SNS and social media. In 2011, we strengthened our leadership in the sector with the continued expansion of our major social platforms, including IM, Qzone, Pengyou, Tencent Microblog and QQ Mail. Weixin, as an extension of our mobile IM service, has achieved significant growth in user base and become a social phenomenon since its launch in early 2011, deepening our social leadership in mobile as well as enhancing our penetration into the high-end smartphone user segment. In addition, we enhanced our social infrastructure across different platforms with single login ID, shared social graph and cross-platform synchronisation of comments. This allows us to sharpen our differentiation and enhance user stickiness by offering a seamless user experience for different use cases.

In December 2011, we successfully completed the offering of 5-year USD600 million senior unsecured notes.
Not only is this a landmark transaction for Tencent but also the first international debt offering by an Asian Internet company. We have been assigned a Baa1 issuer rating by Moody s Investors Service and a BBB+ long- term corporate credit rating by Standard & Poor s Rating Services. Our ratings are the highest international ratings achieved to date by a non-state-owned enterprise in China.

C. Divisional and Product Review 
Our IM platform expanded its user base and maintained its leading market position in China. Active user accounts reached 721.0 million at the end of 2011, representing a year-on-year growth of 11.3%, and PCU increased by 19.8% to 152.7 million. While user growth of our IM platform continued to decelerate along with the slowdown in industry user growth and the maturity of QQ Farm and QQ Ranch which caused certain accounts created solely for the purpose of playing such games to become inactive, user activity level grew on the back of the increasing penetration of mobile Internet and enhanced cross-platform integration.

In 2011, QQ.com consolidated its position as the most visited portal in China and commanded leading positions in key verticals such as entertainment, automobile, finance and sports. During the year, we deepened the integration between QQ.com and Tencent Microblog to strengthen the media influence of both platforms and enhance our differentiation. We also continued to improve our content and operations to better address the needs of different user groups.

Tencent Microblog enjoyed substantial growth in 2011 and became the largest microblog in China with 373 million registered users and 68 million daily active users at the end of the year. This reflected our strategy of increasing user base and user activity by enriching content, optimising user experience and promoting our brand awareness through marketing programs. As a leading and influential social media in China, Tencent Microblog is well placed to capture the business opportunities as they emerge in future.

8 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 
Our community VAS enjoyed steady revenue increase. During the year, Qzone maintained its position as the leading SNS platform in China with 552.1 million active users at the end of 2011. It is also the largest photo- sharing site in the country. While the maturity of QQ Farm and QQ Ranch reduced the growth of Qzone s active users, item-based sales for third-party and first-party applications significantly increased and offset the pressure on subscription revenue during the year. As we focus on attracting and nurturing more third-party applications as part of our open platform strategy, the contribution from item-based revenues has been increasing. In the real- name SNS segment, Pengyou gained market share and extended its leading position, with its active user accounts increasing by 82.7% year-on-year to 202.4 million at the end of 2011. As for other community VAS, QQ Membership enjoyed healthy growth in its subscription base as we improved functionalities, enriched privileges and leveraged cross-platform synergies. QQ Music maintained its industry leadership and achieved significant 
In 2011, our online game business enjoyed another fruitful year. We significantly outperformed the industry growth rate and further expanded our market share. Our major titles, such as Cross Fire, DNF, QQ Dancer, and QQ Speed, delivered significant growth and commanded leading positions in terms of PCU in their respective genres such as first-person shooting, action, music and racing games. In addition, LOL was well received by users and registered strong PCU growth in China. It also continued to gain traction in overseas markets. QQ Game, the largest mini-casual game platform in China, enjoyed healthy growth with its PCU achieving a record- high level of 8.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2011.

In 2011, we strengthened our leadership in MVAS and continued to position for new growth opportunities in the industry. Underpinned by the increased popularity of our bundled SMS packages and rapid user increase of mobile games, our MVAS business enjoyed solid revenue growth. On the regulatory front, the cancellation before verification policy introduced by China Mobile in early 2011 has increased the volatility of realisation rates and dampened our revenue growth. We expect the impact of this policy to linger, and a new co-operation model for 2.5G products provides new policy uncertainties for the MVAS industry.

In view of the rapid adoption of mobile Internet and the opportunities ahead, we have been proactively positioning ourselves across the industry value chain. For instance, we have introduced location-based service as a core function of our mobile offerings, and extended our community leadership into mobile Internet, as evidenced by the significant user growth of Wireless QQ and Weixin. We have also built substantial market share in the mobile browser and security segments, which may prove strategically significant over time.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 9 
Our online advertising business grew further in 2011, mainly reflecting an increase in revenues from key sectors such as online services, apparel, automobile, and IT products. To capture the emerging opportunities in video advertising, we launched our web-based online video platform in March 2011 and made significant investments in video content, servers and bandwidth. We also launched marketing and promotional campaigns to enhance our awareness and stimulate viewership. While our video platform is still in its early stage of development, it is encouraging that its growth momentum has been strong. Our video advertising revenue increased by 70% sequentially in the fourth quarter of 2011. In addition, our platform was ranked number two by the number of videos viewed according to comScore Videometrix. As for search advertising, 2011 saw strong revenue growth on the back of increased traffic. We launched an enhanced paid advertising system during the year, which improved our keyword revenue yield. We will continue to upgrade our algorithmic search engine during 2012.

Our Outlook for 2012 
Our company-wide strategic priority for 2012 is to reinforce and extend our social leadership by further expanding, integrating and mobilising our social platforms. To complement our company-wide priority and capture new growth opportunities, we are implementing a number of major initiatives at a divisional level: 
We are expanding our open platform to enhance user activity and engagement with more third-party applications.
This aligns with the trend of users spending on our social platforms, which is shifting from subscriptions to item 
We will further strengthen our security software to provide our users with greater protection and peace of mind on desktop and mobile devices.

We will continue to embrace mobile Internet opportunities by strengthening our presence in areas such as social communications, mobile entertainment, mobile browser and mobile search.

We will focus on further enhancing our market share in China s online game market by strengthening our existing titles and penetrating into new game genres. We will continue to explore global opportunities.

We are significantly expanding our online advertising business by leveraging our traffic base, users social graph and login relationship with users. On top of display and search advertising, we aim to capitalise on new opportunities such as online video and performance-based advertising.

We will continue to invest selectively but forcefully in emerging growth opportunities, notably e-commerce and 
10 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2011 
Our priority focus and initiatives require significant investments, which have affected and may continue to affect our profitability, but which we expect to ultimately generate substantial strategic and financial returns. We will continue to appropriately manage our risks and expenses in the dynamic China Internet market to deliver long-term value to the Company, our shareholders, and our users.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.75 per share (2010: HKD0.55 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2011, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM. Such proposed dividend will be payable on 30 May 2012 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 23 May 2012.

Over the past year, with the tremendous commitments of our employees and management, we have grown our Company organically in order to better serve our user community. The Board congratulates on their achievements and, in appreciation of their hard work as well as continuous support from our shareholders and stakeholders, wishes the Company goes from strength to strength in 2012.

