Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2016 to the shareholders.
RESULTS
The Group’s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2016 was
RMB41,095 million, an increase of 43% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share
for the year ended 31 December 2016 were RMB4.383 and RMB4.329, respectively.
The Group’s non-GAAP profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2016 was
RMB45,420 million, an increase of 40% compared with the results for the previous year. Non-GAAP basic and diluted EPS for
the year ended 31 December 2016 were RMB4.844 and RMB4.784, respectively.
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK
1. Company Strategic Highlights
In 2016, we strengthened our “Connection” strategy by making our social platforms more interactive for users to
share and communicate, and by connecting our social platforms to a broader range of online and offline services. We
increasingly sought to differentiate user experience between our QQ and Weixin platforms.
— QQ increasingly catered to a younger user base by enriching and optimising its entertainment-oriented
functionalities. From a social perspective, QQ introduced a series of features to make chatting and sharing
experience more entertaining, such as facial beautifying tools, painting-styled photos, and animated video stickers.
From a content perspective, QQ stimulated user activities with entertainment-oriented content such as literature,
cartoons, and short videos.
— Weixin focused on providing more convenience to users’ daily life. During the year, Weixin enriched its content
ecosystem around official accounts and boosted merchant and user adoption for Weixin Pay. In January 2017,
Weixin launched Mini Program that we believe over time should help us broaden and deepen our service offering
in low-frequency use cases, connect more offline services to online users, and provide more venues for users to
sample functionalities offered by apps and thus increase the conversion rate for app downloads.
We also sought to deepen “Connection” between our users and our core business engines:
— Online games: Our online games business delivered another year of solid growth. Through data mining, we
improved performance of our existing titles and gained deeper insights into player behaviours. In China, several of
our self-created games such as Honour of Kings, Legend of YuLong Mobile and Naruto Mobile achieved significant
success, and we reinforced our position as the preferred China publisher for local and overseas game developers.
Internationally, we expanded our presence via investments in companies such as Supercell and Paradox; and we
also published a few of our internally developed smart phone games in Southeast Asia.
Smart phone games: Our strategy is to engage a large pool of casual gamers and gradually advance them to midcore
and hard-core categories. During the year, we strengthened our leading position in player-versus-player
games and expanded our presence in role playing games with a series of successful in-house and licensed titles.
PC client games: We strived to serve hard-core gamers better via attractive new content for existing titles and via
user behavioural insights gained from data mining. As a result, our paying user ratio increased year over year. We
broadened user engagement with our major PC game titles via eSports, game video streaming, and game interest
groups. Our integrated PC game community, Tencent Game Platform, plays an important role in introducing new
titles to gamers.
— Advertising: For key accounts, we increased our penetration by offering integrated solutions across brand and
performance advertising products. For long-tail accounts, we successfully grew the number of small and regional
marketers by sharpening our targeting algorithms, and upgrading our self-service tools for campaign management
and results measuring.
Social and performance advertising: Our social advertising inventory remained as a key attraction to advertisers,
leveraging our platform’s superior targeting capability, unparalleled consumer reach, and premium brand image.
We innovated around advertisement formats to enable more native and immersive experience for users, hence
enhancing performance for marketers. We enabled advertisers and Weixin Official Accounts to select each
other, better matching relevant advertisements with appropriate content. By improving click-through and sellthrough
rates of our existing inventory, we achieved satisfactory revenue growth without dramatically increasing
advertisement loading rates.
Brand advertising: For video, we prioritised sponsorship advertising to better capitalise on our premium inventory.
For our news applications, we further upgraded our targeting capabilities.
— Digital content: Our social platforms played an important role in propelling user growth of our digital content
platforms, accelerating their growth into successful standalone businesses. Paying users grew significantly during
the year benefiting from enhanced content, easier payment solutions, and the improved copyright protection
environment in China. For video, we expanded our subscriber base via further investments in premium content, in
particular exclusive content where we are deeply involved in production. For music, we drove subscription growth
with premium content, achieved initial success in digital albums sales, and boosted virtual gifting consumption
on our karaoke platform. For literature, we boosted user acquisition through reading channels on our portfolio
applications such as QQ Browser and Mobile QQ, strengthened our anti-piracy efforts, and sought to enhance IP
value via original productions of movies and TV series.
— Payment related services: We surpassed 600 million mobile payment MAU and average daily payment transactions
in December 2016. Our payment related services provide fast and seamless experience for a widening range of
offline consumption scenarios such as taxi booking, convenience stores, restaurants, and supermarkets. We drove
merchant adoption by working with merchant acquirer agencies and simplifying on-boarding procedures. Our fast
growing commercial payment transaction volume is diversifying from large online merchants to a broad range of
offline merchants. Our robust payment infrastructure, which made continuous improvements in payment security,
service reliability and transaction speed, enabled us to process peak volume of 760,000 red packets per second
during the Lunar New Year.
— Cloud services: Through continued investments in cloud services, we made several internally developed
technologies available to our corporate clients and partners. We established clear leadership in providing game and
video industry solutions, and strengthened our position in providing O2O and financial services solutions. During
the year, we made continued investments in technology and infrastructure, grew our sales force and channel
partners to drive adoption by more small-scale application developers, and strengthened our overseas capability to
help Chinese enterprises to deploy their services globally. Our cloud services revenue more than tripled year-onyear
in 2016 as both the number of enterprise accounts and usage of existing accounts increased substantially.
In addition, we are investing in forefront technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning to position
our “Connection” strategy for the future. We intend to use machine learning to personalise recommendations within
our digital content services, sharpen our advertising targeting capability, enrich social interactions via features such as
animated face masks, and save costs by optimising our customer service needs.
Social and Communication Platforms
— QQ: Smart device MAU increased by 1.7% year-on-year to 652.5 million. PCU including PC and mobile reached
243.7 million. User activities benefited from our new features such as cmShow, photo beautifying, and animated
stickers for video. By building AR technology into interactions, QQ attracted 250 million users to open 2 billion
sponsored red packets during the 5-day Lunar New Year campaign.
— Qzone: Smart device MAU increased by 3.9% year-on-year to 595.2 million. User activities benefited from
upgraded functionalities such as immersive video streaming, live broadcasting, and upgraded photo features that
allow family members to maintain joint albums.
— Weixin and WeChat: MAU reached 889.3 million, representing year-on-year growth of 27.6%. During the 24 hours
of Lunar New Year’s Eve, 14 billion red packets were gifted and accepted on Weixin, up 76% from the same period
last year.
Online Game Platforms
— PC client games: We maintained our leadership as the largest game operator and publishing platform in China,
operating all three top PC client games in China, namely League of Legends, Dungeon & Fighter and Cross Fire.
In particular, League of Legends ranked first globally among all PC client games in terms of revenue in 2016,
according to SuperData. Smart phone games had some negative effect on hours spent on playing PC games,
especially where we operate both a PC and smart phone game utilising the same IP — for example, our shooting
game Cross Fire. However the combined usage of these IPs across PC and smart phone has generally increased
substantially.
— Smart phone games: We remained the top smart phone game publisher in China. For iOS, we ranked the number
1 publisher in the Global Grossing Chart, according to AppAnnie. Our games generally generate more revenue
on Android than on iOS, because there are more Android users in China, and some of our games appeal more to
young users who use Android phones more. We achieved approximately RMB10.7 billion revenue1 in the fourth
quarter of 2016, representing 51% year-on-year revenue growth, benefiting from portfolio expansion and strong
operating performance of our major player-versus-player games and role-playing games. As of the end of 2016,
Honour of Kings surpassed 50 million DAU, setting a new record for smart phone games on our platforms. During
2016, we continued to gain ground in role playing games with the success of titles such as Fantasy Zhu Xian
Mobile, JX Mobile, ZhengTu Mobile, and Legend of YuLong Mobile.
Media and Digital Content Platforms
— News Services: Our news services, including news applications and news plug-ins within our social platforms,
maintained industry leadership in terms of DAU. Tencent News, the most popular professional news application in
China, focuses on formal and deep news content. By providing attractive and highly personalised casual reading
content based on readers’ interest graph, Kuaibao established itself as one of the most popular news applications
in China.
— Online Video: Our video service ranked first in China in terms of mobile video views. The number of paying users
exceeded 20 million, more than tripled year-on-year. During the year, we gained initial success in original content
with popular titles such as Candle in the Tomb and When a Snail Falls in Love.
— Digital music: We expanded our industry-leading music library and strengthened anti-piracy measures. DAU of our
online karaoke application WeSing reached 35 million in 2016, more than doubled year-on-year, establishing itself
as the largest online karaoke community in China. Virtual gifting items have gained popularity on WeSing as a tool
for the audience to interact with the singers.
— Online literature: We strengthened our contractual relationships with key authors, and helped long-tail authors to
achieve better readership via more intelligent content recommendations to readers. The number of daily paying
readers reached approximately 2.5 million, more than doubled year-on-year, benefiting from reduced piracy.
Utility Platforms
— Security: Our mobile security application expanded its industry leadership, ranking first in China in terms of MAU
according to QuestMobile. We won two world-class security vulnerability discovery contests in 2016, ranking
number 1 in both Pwn2Own and Mobile Pwn2Own. During 2016, we strengthened our mobile security leadership
in areas such as virus scanning, phony base-station detection, anti-fraudulent phone number library, phone
memory optimisation, and speed boosting.
— Application Store: Our application store YingYongBao gained notable market share, overtaking the first movers to
become the clear market leader. YingYongBao was ranked first among all Android application stores in China by
QuestMobile in terms of MAU. In addition to application discovery, we also drove user activities with entertainment
oriented content such as videos, cartoons and literature. During the year, YingYongBao has grown into a significant
distribution platform for our smart phone games on Android and made meaningful contributions to the growth of
our social and performance advertising.
— Browser: Our mobile browser strengthened its industry leadership, ranking first in China in terms of MAU according
to QuestMobile. Personalised recommendations drove robust year-on-year growth in page views and video views.
QQ Browser also made significant contributions to the user growth of our digital literature services.
3. Company Financial Performance
In fiscal year 2016
We achieved 48% year-on-year revenue growth. Revenue growth was broad based but particularly driven by smart
phone games, social and performance advertising, digital content sales, and emerging businesses such as payment
related services.
Operating profit grew 38% year-on-year. Operating margin was 37%, down 2 percentage points from the previous year
due to a mix change in our revenue streams.
Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company increased by 43% year-on-year. Non-GAAP profit attributable to
equity holders of the Company increased by 40%. Free cash flow grew 50%. In celebration of the 18th anniversary of the
Company, to recognise the contributions made by our employees, we granted 300 shares to each employee in November
2016.
4. Company Outlook and Strategies for 2017
During 2017, we intend to further our “Connection” strategy by expanding our ecosystem around our core social and
communication platforms via initiatives including:
— Adding more services within our social platforms to bring more convenience to our users, and to create business
opportunities for our ecosystem partners;
— Expanding the popularity of our major smart phone games while adding new genre-driven PC games;
— Expanding our advertising market share by synchronising our capabilities in brand and performance advertising,
and growing our number of small and regional advertisers with deeper targeting algorithms and more convenient
self-service tools;
— Growing our digital content subscriber bases;
— Boosting usage frequency of our payment related services by covering more online and offline consumption
scenarios; and
— Developing our capabilities in emerging technology areas such as machine learning and cloud services.
DIVIDEND
The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.61 per share (2015: HKD0.47 per share) for the year
ended 31 December 2016, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the 2017 AGM. Such proposed dividend will be
payable on 2 June 2017 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 24 May
2017.
APPRECIATION
On behalf of the Board, I would like to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated staff and management team for their
commitment, diligence and professionalism. I would also like to express our sincere gratitude to the continuing support of our
shareholders and stakeholders. We will continue to enrich our platforms with quality products and services for the development
of a healthy and prosperous Internet ecosystem.
Ma Huateng
Chairman
Hong Kong, 22 March 2017