I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2013 to the shareholders.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2013 was RMB15,502 million, an increase of 22% compared with the results for the previous year. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2013 were RMB8.464 and RMB8.298 respectively.

5 Annual Report 2013 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK In 2013, the mobile Internet proliferated further and integrated more deeply with users daily lives in China. The year saw a significant shift in users traffic from PC to mobile devices, driving substantial changes across different sectors of the Internet industry, including communications, social networking, online games, online media and eCommerce. Mobile applications took the center stage and became the mainstream for many Internet services, reshuffling the competitive landscape.

Market competition intensified as competitors aligned their strategies with the mobile opportunities and made aggressive organic and inorganic investments along the value chain. Although business models on the mobile Internet are still evolving, we saw significant development and clearer paths towards mobile monetisation during the year. In particular, mobile games gained traction and experienced rapid growth in user adoption and spending, capitalising on the network effects of mobile social platforms. Performance-based mobile advertising also showed early signs of adoption. New services, such as O2O services, emerged as mobile platforms achieved critical mass and mobile payment became more widely adopted in China.

Overall Financial Performance In 2013, we registered solid growth in revenues and profits in a dynamic and competitive marketplace, while strengthening our leadership on the mobile Internet and continuing to invest in emerging opportunities such as O2O services, online video, and 
VAS. Our online game business achieved healthy growth in revenues, thanks to the strong performance of our major PC game titles in China and LoL in international markets, and the launch of new PC game titles. Our social network revenues grew as the increase in item-based sales within applications on our open platforms offset weakness in subscription services. Revenues from our online games and social networks also benefited from the initial contributions from smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin.
Online advertising. Our online advertising business benefited from the significant growth in performance-based social advertising and online video advertising, as well as solid growth in traditional brand advertising. Search advertising revenues declined as we transferred our search business to Sogou, an associate of the Group, in September 2013.
eCommerce transactions. We achieved significant growth in principal eCommerce transactions revenues under a highly competitive market environment as we expanded our category and geographic coverage. Fees generated from transactions on our marketplaces also increased.

In the fourth quarter of 2013, revenues and profits continued to grow compared to the same period last year.
VAS. Our online game business registered healthy growth, riding on increased popularity of our major PC game titles in China and LoL in international markets, as well as new PC game titles. The business also benefited from new contributions from smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin. Our social networks benefited from growth in item-based sales within applications on our open platforms and new contributions from platform revenues related to smart phone games integrated with Mobile QQ and Weixin, partly offset by a decline in subscription revenues.

Tencent Holdings Limited 6 
Online advertising. The year-on-year revenue growth of our online advertising business accelerated in the fourth quarter versus the previous quarter, mainly driven by the strong increase in revenues from online video advertising.
Performance-based social advertising continued to achieve significant revenue growth, while traditional brand advertising also increased. Search advertising revenues declined as we transferred our search business to Sogou in September 
eCommerce transactions. In the fourth quarter of 2013, we achieved significant year-on-year growth in revenues from principal eCommerce transactions. Fees generated from transactions on our marketplaces also increased.

In 2013, we accelerated the mobilisation of our services and reinforced our leadership in mobile applications in China.
Building on our strengths in communications and social platforms on mobile devices, we expanded the user base of various mobile applications, such as news, music and utilities, and launched new services on our core mobile platforms, such as Game Center and Weixin Payment, which enhanced user engagement, while opening up monetisation opportunities. We also extended our leadership in online games and open platforms, while expanding our online advertising business and our eCommerce transactions business.
We forged landmark transactions to further develop our search and eCommerce businesses. In September 2013, we announced a strategic partnership with Sogou for our search business, under which we invested in Sogou and merged our SoSo search-related businesses and certain other assets with Sogou. In March 2014, we announced a strategic partnership with JD.com for our eCommerce business, under which we invested in JD.com and merged our relevant eCommerce initiatives with JD.com. In addition to these two transactions which involve transfer of some of our businesses to our partners, we entered into other strategic transactions with partners including CSC, Dianping and Dididache. The strategic transactions with Sogou, JD.com and other partners entail close cooperation at both an investor and a business level, and reinforce our open, win- win philosophy of working with leading teams to create innovative products for users, and to build a healthy, diversified ecosystem for the Internet industry. These transactions also free up our internal resources, both human and financial, to focus on leveraging the core strengths of our platforms and to develop new products such as O2O services, while enabling us to continue benefiting from the growth potential of the underlying industries via our significant equity stakes.

7 Annual Report 2013 
Divisional and Product Highlights 
In 2013, QQ and Qzone maintained their leading positions in communications and social networking in China. User account growth decelerated as users continued to shift their traffic from PC to mobile devices because fewer mobile users than PC users employ multiple accounts and mobile users usage pattern is more spread out across day parts as compared to PC users. For QQ, aggregate MAU increased modestly by 1% year-on-year to 808 million at the end of 2013, while PCU increased by 2% year-on-year to 180 million. During the year, we significantly expanded the mobile user base of QQ with enhanced user experience and enriched services such as Game Center. At the end of 2013, smart device MAU1 of QQ increased by 74% year-on-year to 426 million. For Qzone, aggregate MAU increased by 4% year-on-year to 625 million at the end of 2013. The year saw increased user activity and engagement on mobile. This was evidenced by a significant growth in smart device MAU of Qzone, which increased by 63% year-on-year to 416 million at the end of 2013, as well as a substantial increase in photo uploads on Mobile Qzone.
Combined MAU of Weixin and WeChat reached 355 million at the end of 2013. During the year, Weixin enjoyed rapid expansion and enhanced user engagement in China. With the launch of new services, such as Game Center, Official Accounts and Weixin Payment, as well as the increasing adoption of Moments, Weixin is evolving from a pure communications service into a multi-functional platform. In international markets, WeChat achieved robust aggregate user growth, but we are increasingly focused on driving engagement in specific target geographic regions. Looking ahead, we aim to further improve user engagement on Weixin and WeChat by enhancing the core communications and social functions. We will also leverage Official Accounts and Weixin Payment to explore O2O and mobile eCommerce opportunities in China.
For our core media platforms, QQ.com, Tencent Microblog and Tencent Video, we sought to upgrade our content and enhance user experience, especially on mobile devices. For example, Tencent News achieved significant user growth during the year via mobile applications and plug-ins on Mobile QQ and Weixin. Going forward, we will further develop our portfolio of mobile media applications and enhance the monetisation of our mobile media traffic. We will also invest more aggressively in video content to further expand Tencent Video s market presence, as we believe the online video industry is still at a formative stage and our massive media traffic provides us with competitive advantage.

In 2013, our open platforms continued to create value for the Internet industry, and enjoyed significant growth in users and revenues as a result. We believe we have become the partner of choice for application developers in China, offering access to our large logged-in user base, the network effect of our leading social platforms, our targeted advertising solutions, and our proprietary cloud-based infrastructure support. We are extending our open platforms to mobile and targeting to build a cross- 
1 Since the fourth quarter of 2013, smart device MAU of QQ has been revised to denote the total number of QQ MAU that sent out one or more messages via Mobile QQ application on iOS or Android devices, or conducted other proactive operations via Mobile QQ application on iOS or Android devices, such as logging into Game Center or updating Qzone, at least once during the last calendar month prior to the relevant date. Comparative figures have been restated to conform to the current period s presentation.

Tencent Holdings Limited 8 
The weakness in our VAS subscription services continued in 2013. This was primarily due to rapid adoption of smart phones by users, whereas our paid subscription services are traditionally focused on PC or feature phones. The weakness was also driven by our stringent measures to clean up certain user accounts acquired through mobile channels with low possibility of fee collection. To better align our VAS subscription services with the mobile Internet opportunities, we unified the product teams and product experiences between PC and smart phones, and introduced smart phone-oriented subscription services, such as Super VIP, during the year.
For online games, we consolidated our leading position in China in 2013. While major domestic PC game titles continued to deliver solid growth, we benefited significantly from increased contribution from international markets via LoL, and from the launch of new domestic PC game titles. In the fast-growing mobile game market, we launched our Game Center on Mobile QQ and Weixin, including a range of self-developed and third-party smart phone games. Riding on the extensive user reach and social network effect offered by Mobile QQ and Weixin, these games generated a revenue contribution of over RMB600 million for the fourth quarter of 2013, validating the distribution capabilities of our mobile platforms. We will continue to enrich our game portfolios for PC and mobile. In addition, we will strengthen our mobile distribution platforms to complement the rapid growth of our mobile games.

Leveraging the growth of our media platforms and social platforms, our online advertising business expanded further in 2013, with revenue growth across the brand display and performance display categories. For brand display advertising, revenues from our online video platform achieved strong growth, driven by increased inventories, improved pricing and enhanced recognition from advertisers. Traditional brand advertising also registered solid revenue growth. For performance display advertising, revenues from our social platforms benefited from growth in impression volume and improved targeting. For search advertising, revenues declined as we transferred our search business to Sogou in September 2013. We believe Sogou is well- positioned to grow its share in the PC and mobile search market after the completion of its integration with SoSo towards the end of 2013.
Longer term, we believe the fast-growing user base and traffic of our mobile platforms will increasingly become an attractive proposition for advertisers. We are exploring different formats of mobile advertising on our platforms to capture the emerging 
In 2013, our principal eCommerce transactions business experienced strong growth in transaction volume and revenues as we enhanced our geographic presence, expanded our product range and improved our eCommerce infrastructure. Our marketplaces also registered growth in fee income as we improved product selection and customer service.
Under our strategic partnership with JD.com, we transferred our Wanggou B2C and Paipai C2C marketplace businesses, logistics personnel and assets, as well as a minority stake in Yixun to JD.com, and JD.com has a call option to acquire our remaining stake in Yixun in future. We will support JD.com s growth in the physical goods eCommerce business by offering level 1 access points at Mobile QQ and Weixin, as well as support from other key platforms to JD.com. Both parties will also cooperate on online payment services to improve users online shopping experience.

9 Annual Report 2013 
Outlook and strategies for 2014 During 2014, we intend to leverage our leading communications and social applications to: (1) support a broad portfolio of associated applications spanning activities such as games, entertainment, information, and utilities; (2) popularise our application stores and application distribution platforms; and (3) build a prosperous ecosystem for O2O and mobile eCommerce activities. We also strive to leverage our platforms to accelerate the growth of mobile games, while reinforcing our leadership in PC client games.
We will continue investing heavily in certain long-term projects we deem strategic, including: (1) purchasing content and improving user experience for our online video service; (2) marketing and popularising our WeChat service in selected international markets; and (3) encouraging uptake of our payment solutions, for example via subsidies to consumers and 
We aim to deepen our relationships with strategic business partners such as CSC, Dianping, Dididache, JD.com and Sogou, among others, providing our partners with our full platform support and bringing their products and services to our users.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD1.20 per share (2012: HKD1.00 per share) for the year ended 31 December 2013, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the AGM. Such proposed dividend will be payable on 30 May 2014 to the shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on 21 May 2014.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincerest appreciation to our employees for their hardwork, valuable dedication and contributions, which are fundamental for the Group s success on future development. I would also like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders and stakeholders for their continued trust, support and steadfast confidence in us. Together, we will continue to build a prosperous ecosystem for the Internet industry.

