I am pleased to present our annual report for the year ended 31 December 2007 to the shareholders.

Total revenues for the year ended 31 December 2007 increased by 36.4% to RMB3,820.9 million, compared with the same period last year. Revenues from our Internet value-added services increased by 37.7% to RMB 2,513.7 million, revenues from our mobile and telecommunications value-added services increased by 15.4% to RMB807.6 million and revenues from online advertising increased by 84.9% to RMB493.0 million.

The Group s audited profit attributable to equity holders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2007 was RMB1,566.0 million, an increase of 47.2% compared with the results for the year ended 31 December 2006. Basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2007 were RMB0.880 and RMB0.853 respectively.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2007 5 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK 
2007 was an exciting year for the Internet industry in China. During 2007, the number of Internet users in China exceeded 200 million for the first time, reaching 210 million by the end of 2007, according to China Internet Network Information Center. This represented a year-on-year growth rate of 53%, compared to 23% in the year of 2006.
Despite the increased user base, growth rate in Internet users has actually accelerated as opposed to decelerated, reflecting the vibrant underlying trend in the industry. In addition to growth in Internet users, we believe Internet has increasingly become a part of everyday life for Chinese people. The widespread availability of broadband connections has given rise to a multitude of broadband applications that allow people to stay connected with each other, to get entertained, and to get access to information. In the area of online communication and communities, social networking, an Internet service that allows users to share their profiles, diaries, photos and other information with their network of friends, has become very popular, supplementing traditional communication services such as instant messaging and email. In the area of online entertainment, online games have seen another year of strong growth, with the number of online game players in China growing 23% from last year to reach 40 million in 2007, according to the General Administration of Press and Publication of the People s Republic of China. Online games have increasingly become a mainstream entertainment for young people in China. User demand for online music and online video has also increased significantly, although lack of proper regulations for intellectual property continued to be the main constraints for sustainable growth in the industry. In the area of providing useful information to users, portals continued to gain traction as a media for people to get access to news and other organized content, while search has also grown as a means for people to get access to unorganized information. During the year of 2007, e-commerce has also started to emerge as a mainstream Internet application as e-commerce enabling infrastructure, such as supplier network, online payment and logistics in China, keeps improving.

At Tencent, we believe Internet technology and applications can significantly improve the quality of human life. Since 2005, we have been implementing our Online Lifestyle strategy which strives to utilize our online platforms and applications to cater to four basic needs of our users communication and community, entertainment, information and e-commerce. We believe by providing an integrated suite of services, we can deliver increased levels of convenience, data integration and data sharing that individual services cannot provide on a stand-alone basis. While our services in certain areas, such as e-commerce, remained at a nascent stage of development, we have made significant progress in 2007 in many areas of our Online Lifestyle strategy which will be described in later sections.

As an emerging industry, Internet presents many challenges along with the opportunities. During the past year, we continued to face a challenging security environment with criminals spreading Trojan horses and viruses aimed at stealing users various account information. As the largest registered Internet service provider in China, our services were their primary target. Although the account security for our users has improved significantly since we introduced an all-out battle against account theft in 2006, the struggle is ongoing. In addition to account security, we also faced an increasingly competitive environment with competitive pressure coming from integrated Internet companies expanding their scope of business as well as specialized companies competing in specific industry segments that we operated in. To stay competitive, we continued to invest in research and development in order to improve the quality of our existing products, as well as to develop new features and new products to cater to the changing needs of our users. We also placed tremendous focus on building a stronger organization that can attract, develop and retain the best engineering and business talents. By focusing on our users and our people, and taking a long-term approach in building our business franchises, we believe we can capitalize on the long-term growth potential in the Internet 
6 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2007 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In 2007, our diversified business portfolio once again delivered solid results as a whole, although different business lines fluctuated at different times. During the year, our Internet value-added service ( IVAS ) business, particularly non-game IVAS, and online advertising business grew strongly. On the other hand, our wireless business faced a depressive industry environment as operators and regulators stepped up restrictions on the service providers. We were able to register a modest growth amid a contraction of the entire industry as we strengthened our execution and enhanced value to users through bundling of our various products and services. For the fourth quarter of 2007, we experienced negative seasonality in our non-game IVAS business while our online game business grew, driven by new features in our games, growth in newly launched games, and consolidation of an affiliate game studio which we increased our stake to control position during the quarter. Both of our online advertising business and wireless value- added service business registered solid growth during the quarter. As we step into the first quarter of 2008, we expect to see a more favorable seasonality for our IVAS business as a result of winter break for students and the Chinese New Year holidays. On the other hand, our online advertising business will experience a slow season as advertising activities are generally dampened around the Chinese New Year holidays. For 2008, our financial results will generally be subject to higher staff costs as we strive to retain, reward and attract the best talents, higher tax rate as a result of tax reform, and higher foreign exchange losses as US dollar continued its depreciation against the Renminbi.

In our core IM platform, we have focused our efforts in 2007 to improve account security, enhance performance of the service, and introduce new functionalities. We have also improved the integration of our IM service with other Internet services that we provide, including email, social networking and e-commerce. As a result of our efforts, user security has improved significantly during 2007 and both active user accounts and peak concurrent users ( PCU ) for our IM service grew during the year. On the other hand, we anticipate renewed challenges on account security as criminals upgrade their technology. We also expect to see more intensive competition in the IM space as specialized IM services catering to specialized applications, such as VOIP and e-commerce, gain traction, and as new entrants enter into the market. We plan to continue strengthening our account security team, account protection system, and user education on account security. We also plan to improve the architecture of our IM services such that users can customize the IM services to fit their different tastes and needs more easily.

In 2007, our portal QQ.com solidified its position as the most visited portal in China. To build its brand recognition, we have focused on improving the quality of the portal and investing in branding initiatives. In addition to strengthening our editor team, we signed up as the exclusive Internet partner to many major events during the year, such as the Boao Forum and the World Economic Forum (Summer Summit in Dalian), and as the official supporter for FIFA Women s World Cup during the year. We also invested in a branding campaign that involved display of our brand in major cities and major business publications. In 2008, we will continue to improve the day-to-day quality of our portal.
We will also provide extensive and differentiated coverage of the Beijing Olympics, as well as invest in sponsoring major events and branding program to further build recognition of QQ.com as a mainstream and influential media.

Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2007 7 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
In our non-game IVAS, a major achievement for us in 2007 was the development of Qzone into a very significant social networking platform with more than 105 million active users by the end of the year. In addition to contributing substantial revenue growth, Qzone complements QQ s ability to facilitate communications and sharing among our users. In view of the strategic value of Qzone, we plan to pace the monetization of Qzone such that there is a balance between paying users and non-paying users. We will also continue to improve the basic performance of Qzone service and introduce differentiated applications on top of the Qzone platform to cater to different social networking needs of our users. For example, we are developing an application that will allow students to better network with each other in the school environment. During 2007, Premium QQ registered strong organic growth as a result of our bundling strategy in which we kept adding functionalities and privileges to its subscribers to increase loyalty. In 2008, we plan to build on this success and continue to develop new functionalities as well as expand its privileges through working with external partners who want to get access to our Premium QQ users as a means to market their own products and services. QQ Pet was also a contributor to our revenue growth in 2007. During the year, we test introduced a new pet, the Piggy, with mixed results because it was difficult for users to keep two pets running at the same time. In 2008, we plan to upgrade the system to accommodate a multi-pet setting for users more smoothly. We continue to view QQ Pet as an innovative product that requires much experimenting. QQ Show was the only major identities product that experienced decline in 2007. During 2007, we embarked on a comprehensive initiative to revamp the product as it had grown old after being introduced for 4 years. During the year, we have upgraded the technology platform from GIF to Flash, which will allow us to develop richer and more interactive features for QQ Show in 2008. During the fourth quarter, our online identities business was negatively impacted by unfavorable seasonality compared to the school holiday season in the third quarter. We expect to see more favorable seasonality in the first quarter of 2008.

In our online game business, 2007 was a year of foundation building. During the year, we focused on three areas: 1.
building our user platform and exploring different ways to leverage our platform to promote new games; 2.
strengthening our internal research and development capability; and 3. building partnership with high quality game studios to publish their games on our platform. We have made progress in all three areas. Our QQ Game platform saw its PCU growing 40% to reach 3.8 million by the end of 2007. We believe our user platform allows users to learn about, test play and pay for a game very easily and facilitates the spread of the game through community effect, which constitutes the most significant differentiation of our game business from pure-play companies. Our ability to leverage this platform effect was demonstrated in the successful launch of QQ SanGuo, a self-developed MMOG, and QQ Huaxia, an MMOG we co-launched with our investee company. In addition to the success of QQ SanGuo, the progress in our internal research and development capability was further demonstrated in our successful launch of QQ Speed during the first quarter of 2008, a self-developed car racing game, which exceeded 400,000 PCU in March. During 2007, we have also secured supply of a number of new titles through partnership with other studios, including the acquisition of a majority stake in Shenzhen Domain Computer Network Company Limited, the licensing of Dungeon and Fighter, a highly anticipated game, from Neople and Samsung, the licensing of Cross Fire from Neowiz, among others. In 2008, we plan to launch three additional MMOGs and three additional advanced casual games licensed from our partners or produced by our investee companies. Although licensed games carry lower margin and investing in game studios at nascent stage carries relatively high risks, we believe they are important means through which we can broaden our access to high quality games and creative talent in the very competitive online game industry.

8 Tencent Holdings Limited Annual Report 2007 
CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
Our wireless business endured a challenging year in 2007 as the entire industry faced a slump due to increased regulatory restrictions from operators and regulators. While the restrictions were intended to clean up improper activities in the industry, all service providers were negatively impacted to certain extent. Despite the depressive industry environment, we were able to achieve modest growth in our business by building stronger cooperative relationship with operators, leveraging our strong execution capability and bundling various services and features to increase value and stickiness of our services. In particular, we were able to transition our Mobile QQ onto China Mobile s Fetion platform by introducing Fetion QQ in a relatively smooth process. In the area of wireless Internet, traffic in our wireless WAP portal grew significantly during the year, benefiting from higher penetration of 2.5G mobile subscribers. In 2008, we expect the industry environment for wireless value-added services to remain uncertain due to potential regulatory policies, and the cannibalization of free WAP services. In view of this, we will continue to improve our products and services to provide more features and value to subscribers while at the same time further enhance the content of our free WAP portal to attract more users to use our portal as their gateway to wireless Internet.

We achieved above-industry growth in our online advertising business in 2007, as our increasingly more professional team were able to leverage our leading and diversified Internet platforms to generate more sales to existing customers as well as develop new customers. Our advertising business also benefited from the QQ.com branding campaign we launched during the year, which increased the recognition of our various Internet platforms among advertisers. In terms of customer categories, while we continued to build on our success in online game, food and beverage, and apparel industries, we also focused on building inroads into consumer electronics and automobile industries. For 2008, we continue to see favorable industry trend as number of Internet users grows and Internet average usage time for users increases. We believe the growth of the online advertising industry can be further catalyzed if the effectiveness of online advertising can be better quantified and further improved. Hence we launched Tencent MIND (Measurability, Interactivity, Navigation and Differentiation) as a new framework to improve the effectiveness of online advertising for our advertisers. By working closely with our customers, leveraging our diversified Internet platforms, and utilizing new advertising technologies, we hope to bring tangible benefits envisioned in Tencent MIND to our advertisers. Although the first quarter of 2008 will be weak season for advertising, we anticipate our online advertising revenue will rebound in the second quarter.

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend of HKD0.16 per share for the year ended 31 December 2007 (2006: HKD0.12). The dividend will be payable on 28 May 2008 to shareholders whose names appear on the Register of Members of the Company on 14 May 2008.

I would like to extend my deepest gratitude, on behalf of the Board, to all our employees for their efforts, dedication and commitment; and to our shareholders for their continuous support and confidence in our Group.

