Chairman s Statement The Western Delta Route, upon completion of Phase III West, will become the main artery of a regional expressway network that will span the PRD s western 
I am pleased to report the Group s results for the financial year ended 30 June 2012. The Group s net toll revenue rose by 5% to HK$2,386 million compared to the previous year, mainly due to a surge in the traffic volume of Phase II West and the appreciation of the RMB during the year under review. The net profit from toll road projects increased by 2%, from HK$967 million to HK$990 million. Meanwhile, the profit attributable to owners of the Company increased slightly by 0.5%, from HK$1,018 million to HK$1,023 million, including an exchange gain from the RMB s appreciation (net of income tax expenses) of HK$50 million. Basic earnings per share for the year increased by around 0.5% from the previous year s HK34.39 cents to HK34.55 cents.

The Board has proposed a final dividend of HK16 cents per share for the year ended 30 June 2012. Together with an interim dividend of HK18 cents per share that has already been paid, the total dividends for the year will amount to HK34 cents per share, which will be the same as the last financial year s total dividends of HK34 cents per share. It represents a payout ratio of 98% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the 
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2012 Annual General Meeting on Thursday, 18 October 2012, the proposed final dividend will be paid on Wednesday, 31 October 2012 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on Thursday, 25 October 2012.
Closure of Register To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Thursday, 25 October 2012, if and only if the proposed final dividend is approved by the shareholders at the 2012 Annual General Meeting.
No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 24 October 2012.
To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2012 Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 18 October 2012, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 11 October 2012 to Thursday, 18 October 2012, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2012 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 10 October 2012.

The Group maintained a strong financial position throughout the year. Its proportionate share of the net toll revenue of the expressways it has invested for the year ended 30 June 2012 increased by 5% year-on-year, from HK$2,275 million to HK$2,386 million.
Financial Year 2011 2012 % Change GS Superhighway (at JV company level) Average Daily Traffic (No. of vehicles 000) 392 402 +3% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 10,114 9,910 -2% Phase I West (at JV company level) Average Daily Traffic (No. of vehicles 000) 37 38 +2% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 463 435 -6% Phase II West (at JV company level) Average Daily Traffic (No. of vehicles 000) 44 61 +39% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 756 1,028 +36% In accordance with its financing strategy and against the backdrop of credit-tightening in the PRC, the Group raised a total of RMB1.98 billion by issuing two tranches of RMB corporate bonds in July 2010 and May 2011. Most of the proceeds from these were used mainly to finance the development of Phase III West and are planned to be used for interim financing of Phase II West. The first tranche of RMB1.38 billion corporate bonds matured on 13 July 2012 and the second tranche of RMB600 million will mature on 18 May 2014. In May 2012, the Company obtained a term loan facility in an aggregate amount of RMB1,000 million and a revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of RMB600 million for a tenure of three years for the repayment of the RMB1.38 billion corporate bonds that matured on 13 July 2012 and for the Group s general working capital purposes.
As at 30 June 2012, the Group s bank balances and cash on hand amounted to HK$4,582 million. Almost all of this was in RMB. The Group s net cash on hand (excluding JV companies) amounted to HK$876 million (after netting off the Company s RMB corporate bonds and the Group s bank loans). The Group will continue to keep most of its cash in RMB in the future, in line with its policy of adopting RMB as its functional currency.
Interest income for the year rose significantly, owing to a leap in the Group s average cash balance and an increase in bank deposit interest rates. The Group will continue to strengthen its treasury management and evaluate the options available for improving the yields on its substantial cash deposit portfolio.
The Group s cash inflow for the year was mainly derived from dividends declared by the GS Superhighway JV and the drawdown of the RMB1,000 million term loan facility aforementioned, whereas its major cash outflow was the payment of dividends to the Company s shareholders and the Group s registered capital contribution for Phase III West. The Group will continue to optimize its balance sheet, improve its cash flow and strengthen its financial position by means of debt instruments, such as RMB 
The global economic environment remained unstable and challenging during the year under review. Although the European Central Bank provided massive low- interest loans to Euro-zone banks, the sovereign debt crisis continued to spread among the European Union member countries. The pace of the recovery of the United States economy was slower than expected, and there were no new quantitative easing measures there.
Despite the market s on-going concerns about the European sovereign debt crisis and a slowdown in the global economy that restrained the export growth of China and Guangdong Province, the latter s total trade volume continued to rise to historical high levels. The volume of car sales remained high throughout China, and the greater geographical mobility this created boosted the PRD region s transportation industry.
Although the volume of car sales slowed down across the PRC as a whole, car ownership in Guangdong Province continued to soar. The number of Class 1 small cars using the Group s toll roads in the PRD and the toll revenue derived from them also increased. However, traffic on certain sections of the GS Superhighway especially Class 4 and Class 5 commercial trucks was affected when National Highway 107 became toll-free in April 2011 and the toll revenue from vehicles in these two categories declined.
The Group s proportionate share of the aggregate net toll revenue of its expressway projects grew by 5% year-on-year to HK$2,386 million, mainly due to the surge in the traffic volume of Phase II West and the appreciation of RMB. The Group s toll revenue base has grown consistently since Phase II West opened in June 
Even taking into account an increase in the depreciation charges of the two JV companies for the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route and a rise in staff costs, the Group s aggregate EBIT (excluding an exchange gain and related income tax expenses) rose by 5% year-on-year, from HK$1,547 million to HK$1,632 million.
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily traffic volume on the GS Superhighway, Phase I West and Phase II West increased by 6% to 500,000 vehicles year-on-year, while their aggregate average daily toll revenue increased by 0.4% to RMB11.37 million.
The aggregate toll revenue for the year amounted to 
As stated in the Company s last interim report, the Group received a notice concerning the promulgation of the Guangdong Province Toll Roads Special Clean- up Implementation Proposal (the Tariff Proposal ) in February 2012 from its JV partner, Guangdong Provincial Highway Construction Company Limited. The measures being implemented under the Tariff Proposal in respect of the tariffs of all expressways within Guangdong Province were set out in the joint announcement issued on 28 March 2012 by the Company and HHL. The new tariff of the GS Superhighway, revised in accordance with the Tariff Proposal s requirements took effect on 1 June 2012. The traffic volume of the GS Superhighway has since slightly increased, whereas its toll revenue has significantly decreased. The average daily traffic volume of the GS Superhighway increased by 6% and 7% year- on-year respectively during each of the months ended 30 June 2012 and 31 July 2012, whereas its average daily toll revenue decreased by 16.7% and 15.3% year- on-year respectively. The Group believes the impacts from the implementation of the Tariff Proposal will be stabilizing in the next few months.
The traffic volume and toll revenue of Phase II West have surged continuously ever since it opened in June 2010.
In the second half of FY11, the toll revenue of Phase II West attained the Group s target of achieving operating cash flow breakeven (after taking interest expense payments into account) during its first year of operation.
During the year under review, Phase II West continued to exceed this target and recorded a net cash inflow (from operations and after taking interest expense payments into account) and 36% increase in EBITDA. With the momentum of economic growth of the surrounding regions and the improved connectivity of Phase II West, the Group expects it can achieve profit breakeven by 2014, even without taking into account the synergy that will be created by the opening of Phase III West.
Construction of Phase III West has been progressing smoothly. The Group will endeavour to speed up the remaining construction work to ensure it is completed and opened in the first quarter of 2013 around Lunar New Year, which will be earlier than scheduled. The planned total investment for Phase III West is currently 
The first phase of the cross border Ad-hoc Quotas Trial Scheme for Hong Kong private cars commenced in March 2012. Since then, Hong Kong private cars with five seats or less can be driven into Guangdong Province via Shenzhen Bay Port and remain there for a maximum of seven days. This policy will gradually increase cross- border traffic, and it may benefit the GS Superhighway in the longer term.
On the other hand, the 41-kilometre section of the Guangzhou-Dongguan section of the Coastal Expressway was opened in mid-January 2012. Its impact on the GS Superhighway s traffic since then has been insignificant. According to the latest media reports, the rest of the 18-kilometre Guangzhou-Dongguan section will be opened in phases before mid-2013, and the 30-kilometre Shenzhen section is scheduled for completion by the third quarter of 2013. The Group will continue to monitor its progress closely.
A direct connection to Zhongshan downtown, which links with the southern end of Phase II West, was opened on 28 April 2012. This provides a faster and more convenient route to downtown Zhongshan. A steady increase in traffic has been observed, further boosting the growth of Phase II West s traffic and toll revenue. The Group believes this trend will gain further momentum in the future.
The opening of Phase III West during the first quarter of 2013 around Lunar New Year will complete the Western Delta Route and create synergy among Phase I West, Phase II West and Phase III West. The Group expects Phase III West to achieve operating cashflow breakeven (after taking into account interest expense payments) in its first full year of operation in FY14. The Western Delta Route, upon completion of Phase III West, will become the main artery of a regional expressway network that will span the PRD s western coast. The transportation network of both the western and eastern banks of the PRD region will become fully integrated when the HZM Bridge, as reported in the media, is completed in late 2016. The urbanization of cities in the western PRD region is expected to accelerate further, along with economic growth, and thus traffic.
Changes of Directors and Committee 
Dr. Gordon YEN resigned as an Independent Non- Executive Director and a member of each of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee of the Company with effect from 12 May 2012. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Dr. YEN for his valuable contribution to the Company during his tenure of office.
Mr. Yuk Keung IP has been appointed as a member of the Company s Remuneration Committee in place of Dr.
Gordon YEN with effect from 12 May 2012.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their hard work, dedication and commitment during the past year.
I would also like to thank all our shareholders, financiers and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group, with contributed greatly towards the Group s success during the past year.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 20 August 2012 