Chairman’s Statement
I am pleased to report the Group’s results for the financial year ended 30 June 2017. The Group’s
shared aggregate net toll revenue increased by 8% from RMB2,002 million to RMB2,159 million.
This was mainly due to the continuous healthy growth in toll revenue of the GS Superhighway
and the Western Delta Route.
The aggregate EBITDA of toll expressways grew by 9%, from RMB1,705 million to RMB1,859
million. The Group’s net profit from its toll road projects increased by 9% from RMB611 million
to RMB666 million. Meanwhile, the profit attributable to owners of the Company increased by
22% from RMB511 million to RMB623 million. Basic earnings per share for the year increased by
22% from the previous year’s RMB16.59 cents to RMB20.21 cents.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend
The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB11.6 cents per share (equivalent to HK13.58986
cents per share at the exchange rate of RMB1:HK$1.17154) and a special final dividend of RMB10
cents per share (equivalent to HK11.71540 cents per share at the exchange rate of
RMB1:HK$1.17154) for the financial year ended 30 June 2017. Together with an interim dividend
of RMB8.6 cents per share that has already been paid, the total regular dividends for the year will
amount to RMB20.2 cents per share. This represents an increase of 22% on the last financial
year’s total regular dividends of RMB16.6 cents per share. Excluding the special final dividend of
RMB10 cents per share, the Company’s total dividend for the year represents a regular dividend
payout ratio of 100% of the Company’s profit attributable to owners of the Company and will be
the same as that of the previous year.
Subject to shareholders’ approval at the 2017 Annual General Meeting to be held on Thursday, 26
October 2017, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on Monday, 4
December 2017 to shareholders of the Company who are registered at the close of business on
Wednesday, 1 November 2017.
If the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the
2017 Annual General Meeting, they will be payable in cash in RMB or HK Dollars, or a
combination of these currencies, at the exchange rate of RMB to HKD as published by The
People’s Bank of China on Wednesday, 16 August 2017 and shareholders will be given the option
of electing to receive the final dividend and special final dividend in either RMB or HK Dollars or
a combination of RMB and HK Dollars.
To make the dividend election, shareholders should complete the Dividend Election Form (if
applicable) and return it to the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 21 November 2017. If no dividend election is
made by a shareholder, such shareholder will receive the final dividend and special final
dividend in HK Dollars.
Closure of Register
To ascertain shareholders’ eligibility to attend and vote at the 2017 Annual General Meeting to be
held on Thursday, 26 October 2017, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from
Thursday, 19 October 2017 to Thursday, 26 October 2017, both days inclusive, during which
period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote
at the 2017 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant
share certificates, must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare
Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183
Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 18 October
2017.
To ascertain shareholders’ entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend,
the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Wednesday, 1 November
2017, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the
shareholders at the 2017 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be
effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend and
special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates,
must be lodged with the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, 31 October 2017.
Business Review
During the year under review, global economic and political uncertainties continued to weigh on
the world economy. The US interest rate hike cycle, the new presidency of the US, and Brexit
have casted doubt to the recovery of global economy.
On the contrary, the PRC economy continued to grow healthily. Proactive fiscal and monetary
policies were implemented by the PRC government to boost domestic consumption and largescale
infrastructure investments to support the local economy, which achieved GDP growth of
6.7% in 2016 within the government’s target range of 6.5% to 7.0%. Such growth momentum
carried over to the first and second quarters of 2017, with GDP growth rates both reaching 6.9%
yoy.
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway
and the Western Delta Route grew 8% yoy to RMB12.5 million and the aggregate total toll
revenue amounted to RMB4,579 million.
The average daily toll revenue and average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the GS
Superhighway increased by 6% and 8% yoy to RMB9.2 million and 99,000 vehicles respectively,
indicating that growth momentum is persistent. The average daily toll revenue and average daily
full-length equivalent traffic of the Western Delta Route reached historical high and grew 15%
and 17% yoy to RMB3.4 million and 47,000 vehicles respectively.
Corporate Sustainability
The Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business
growth. It is committed to continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its
operations. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of
the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. The Group has
established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to
strengthen its management’s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance,
environmental protection, community investment and workplace practices.
To demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the
Company will issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the Environmental,
Social and Governance (ESG) Reporting Guide of the Stock Exchange. The report will present its
company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will
cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from
the activities of the Group and its JVs.
Prospects
Given the volatile global market environment, recovery of the world economy has been slower
than expected. The rise of protectionism and de-globalisation around the globe, policies under the
new US presidency, the pace of US interest rate hike, the unclear Brexit process, and upcoming
elections across Europe will all impact the growth of global economy. The Group will closely
monitor the evolving market environment and be prepared to face various challenges ahead.
In view of the unstable global economic environment, the PRC government continues to transform
structurally to a consumption-driven, innovative, technology-advanced and environmentallysustainable
growth economy. In order to support its initiative to sustain GDP growth, the PRC
government is striking a balance between restricting credit in speculative buying to curb “asset
bubbles” while supporting the property market with domestic consumption. The government’s
continuous efforts towards reducing taxes and levies, deepening supply-side structural reform,
liberalizing financial services and internationalizing RMB will altogether provide a healthy and
steady growth driver to the PRC economic development.
The Belt and Road initiative strategically connects PRC, ASEAN, Middle East, as well as Central
and Eastern European countries through international co-operation and infrastructure projects. It
encourages free flows of information, finance and goods by gradually removing investment and
trade barriers. In the long run, it will promote mutual trust and co-development in the areas of
economics, finance, transport, tourism, technology and academy which will ultimately result in
prosperity of the nations along the regions.
In addition, the strategic regional development scheme Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Bay Area
(“Bay Area”), which was tailor-made by the PRC government as part of the 13th Five-Year Plan, is
designed to strengthen infrastructure linkages and stimulate economic cooperation among
Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao region. It is expected that the GS Superhighway and the Western
Delta Route can benefit from the fostered economic development. Hong Kong can leverage on its
advantage as an international and domestic financial hub to capitalize the opportunities arising
from the Belt and Road and Bay Area initiatives. Furthermore, the recent admission of Hong Kong
as a new member of the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank will further reinforce its position as
a premier international financial centre.
The registered car population of Guangdong continued to record healthy growth, increasing by
14% yoy and reaching a new record high of 16.8 million vehicles at the end of 2016. The growth
in demand for road usage continues to outpace the growth of expressway length. These, together
with the prosperous economic development of the PRD are expected to sustain growth of the
Group’s expressways.
Growth momentum of the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route persists. The Western
Delta Route is the most direct and convenient artery in the regional expressway network that
covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of the PRD, including
Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai. It offers a convenient access to the Hengqin Statelevel
Strategic New Zone, and via its connection with the forthcoming HZM Bridge to Hong Kong.
Upon completion of the HZM Bridge, traffic flow to and fro Hong Kong and western PRD will be
further stimulated. This, together with the strategic Bay Area initiative, is expected to facilitate the
urbanization pace of cities in the western PRD region, which will help lift economic growth of the
region and benefit the Group in the long term.
Appreciation
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group’s Managing Director, my fellow Directors,
the management team and all staff members for their hard work, dedication and commitment
during the past year. I would also like to thank all our shareholders, financiers and business
partners for their continuous support in the Group, which contributed greatly towards the Group’s
success during the past year.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU KCMG, FICE
Chairman
Hong Kong, 16 August 2017