Chairman s Statement I am pleased to report the Group s results for the financial year ended 30 June 2016. the Group s shared aggregate net toll revenue increased by 4% from RMB1,919 million to RMB2,002 million.
this was mainly due to the continuous healthy growth in toll revenue of the GS Superhighway and western Delta Route.
the aggregate EBItDA of toll expressways (excluding exchange differences on the GS Superhighway JV s uS Dollar and HK Dollar loans as well as related income tax) grew by 6%, from RMB1,602 million to RMB1,705 million. the Group s net profit from its toll road projects increased by 20% from RMB507 million to RMB611 million. Meanwhile, the profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 2% from RMB520 million to RMB511 million. Basic earnings per share for the year decreased by 2% from the previous year s RMB16.86 cents to 
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend the Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB8.2 cents per share (equivalent to HK9.5484 cents per share at the exchange rate of RMB1:HK$1.16444) and a special final dividend of RMB40 cents per share (equivalent to HK46.5776 cents per share at the exchange rate of RMB1:HK$1.16444) for the financial year ended 30 June 2016. together with an interim dividend of RMB8.4 cents per share that has already been paid, the total regular dividends for the year will amount to RMB16.6 cents per share. this represents a decrease of 1% on the last financial year s total regular dividends of RMB16.8 cents per share. Excluding the special final dividend of RMB40 cents per share, the Company s total dividend for the year represents a regular dividend payout ratio of 100.1% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company and will be 0.5% higher than that of the previous year.
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2016 Annual General Meeting to be held on wednesday, 26 October 2016, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on Friday, 2 December 2016 to shareholders who are registered at the close of business on tuesday, 1 November 2016.
If the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2016 Annual General Meeting, they will be payable in cash in RMB or HK Dollars, or a combination of these currencies, at the exchange rate of RMB to HKD as published by the People s Bank of China on tuesday, 23 August 2016 and shareholders will be given the option of electing to receive the final dividend and special final dividend in either RMB or HK Dollars or a combination of RMB and HK Dollars.
to make the dividend election, shareholders should complete the Dividend Election Form (if applicable) and return it to the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, wan Chai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 21 November 2016. If no dividend election is made by a shareholder, such shareholder will receive the final dividend and special final dividend in HK Dollars.
Closure of Register to ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2016 Annual General Meeting to be held on wednesday, 26 October 2016, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from wednesday, 19 October 2016 to wednesday, 26 October 2016, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2016 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on tuesday, 18 
to ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on tuesday, 1 November 2016, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2016 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. to qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 31 October 2016.

During the year under review, the global economy was affected by uncertainty over the timing of the uS interest rate hike. Britain s vote to leave the European union ( Eu ) ( Brexit ) has also set in motion an unprecedented and unpredictable process that threatens turbulence and potential crisis for Britain, Europe and the global economy. Such challenges are coming at an already fragile moment for the world s economy and the gloomy outlook is exaggerated by a sharp decline in the pound and plummet of the global stock market.
the PRC economy remains as the growth engine to the world economy. to maintain the GDP growth momentum at the target rate of 6.5% 7.0%, the PRC government continues to stimulate domestic consumption, ease money market liquidity, liberate interest rate, open up capital market and invest in large-scale infrastructure projects. Although RMB weakened unexpectedly in August 2015, the PRC economy still experienced a sustainable expansion. Its GDP in the second quarter of 2016 grew by 6.7% year-on-year, a similar figure to 2015 s.
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway and the western Delta Route grew by 4% year-on-year to RMB11.6 million and the combined toll revenue amounted to RMB4,254 million.
the average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway increased by 3% year-on-year to RMB8.7 million and its average daily full-length equivalent traffic grew by 4% year-on-year to 92,000 vehicles, indicating growth momentum has persisted since the second half of FY15. Nanguang Expressway and Longda Expressway (Shenzhen section), which are parallel to taiping to Nantou section of the GS Superhighway, became toll-free since 7 February 2016. the overall impact on the GS Superhighway has been slightly positive and the Group will closely monitor the situation.
the average daily toll revenue and average daily full-length equivalent traffic of the western Delta Route continued to grow healthily by 8% and 12% year-on-year to RMB2.9 million and 40,000 vehicles respectively, reaching historical high.

the Group believes that promoting sustainability is as important as achieving long-term business growth. It has therefore made continuous efforts to maintain a high degree of sustainability in its operations. Moreover, it values opportunities to learn more about the needs and expectations of the communities in which it operates, as well as those of other stakeholders. the Group has established a formal stakeholder engagement process and a Sustainability Steering Committee to strengthen its management s efforts to promote sustainability through good corporate governance, environmental protection, community investment and workplace practices.
to demonstrate its commitment to transparency and accountability to its stakeholders, the Company will issue an independently verified Sustainability Report under the latest HKEx Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) Reporting Guide. the report will present its company-wide commitment to sustainable development during the year under review, and it will cover the significant economic, environmental and social achievements and impact arising from the activities of the Group and its JVs.

the global economy is facing growing uncertainty after uK voted to leave Eu. the unprecedented decision had rendered the slump of world financial markets, and the immediate effect was that the GBP had plunged by approximately 10% against uSD on the announcement day of Brexit voting. Furthermore, Brexit had cast cloud on whether Scotland and Northern Ireland may leave uK and created the unforeseeable domino effect that other Eu members will follow to exit Eu, which might eventually lead to the disintegration of Eu and Euro markets. the uS will inevitably be affected under the precarious economic climate in the coming years, which will make the Federal Reserve more cautious in raising interest rate this year.
Against the backdrop of unstable economic environment, the PRC government will continue to transform the economy into a consumption-oriented, technology-advanced and environmentally- sustainable growth economy. In order to maintain its GDP growth at a slower rate, the PRC authorities have been deploying policies to revitalize the PRC property market and encourage domestic consumption. these were manifested from a series of official lending rate cuts, targeted tax reduction and accommodative monetary and fiscal policies.
the Belt and Road initiative of PRC tactically redirects the overcapacity in PRC to a strategic connection to international arena through international infrastructure projects. In the long run, it will promote co-development and mutual co-operation in the areas of economic, finance, transport, tourism and technology which will finally result in prosperity of the nations along the 
Growth in the registered car population of Guangdong remains healthy, increasing by 10% year- on-year and reaching a new record high of 14.7 million vehicles at the end of 2015. the growth in demand for road usage continues to outpace the growth of expressway length. these, together with the prosperous economic development of the Pearl River Delta are expected to sustain growth of the Group s expressways.
Growth momentum of the GS Superhighway has persisted since the second half of FY15, after the full opening of the Coastal Expressway in December 2013. the western Delta Route is now the most direct and convenient artery of a regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the western bank of the Pearl River Delta, including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai, and it reduces the travelling time between them. It also offers convenient access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, and via its connection with the forthcoming HZM Bridge, to Hong Kong. the urbanization of cities in the western PRD region is expected to accelerate, thus creating economic growth that will benefit the 
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their hard work, dedication and commitment during the past year. I would also like to thank all our shareholders, financiers and business partners for their continuous support in the Group, which contributed greatly towards the Group s success during the past year.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung Wu KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 23 August 2016 