CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT I am pleased to report that Hopewell Highway Infrastructure Limited continued to deliver impressive performance for the year ended 30th June, 2007, with profi t attributable to equity holders of the Company rising to HK$1,349 million, a 20% increase over the last fi nancial year s HK$1,128 million. Basic earnings per share increased to HK45.45 cents, a 17% rise over the last year s HK38.85 cents per share.
The satisfactory results were driven by the continued robust economic growth in the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) region which resulted in a 14% growth in the aggregate average daily traffic flow of the Group s expressways, the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway ( GS Superhighway ) and the Phase I of the Western Delta Route ( Phase I West ), and also a 17% increase in the total toll revenue as compared to that of the last fi nancial year. The average daily toll revenue of the Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road ( ESW Ring Road ) was about the same as last fi nancial year.
The Board of Directors has recommended a fi nal dividend of HK20 cents per share. Together with the interim dividend of HK15 cents per share, the dividend for the full year will be HK35 cents per share, a 23% increase as compared to HK28.5 cents for the last fi nancial year. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 4th October, 2007, the proposed fi nal dividend will be paid on or about 5th October, 2007 to shareholders as registered at the close of business on 4th October, 2007.
More emphasis to enhance the traffi c management in order to improve service quality, effi ciency and safety of the Group s expressways.
The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Friday, 28th September, 2007 to Thursday, 4th October, 2007, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 27th September, 2007.

The Group s fi nancial position has been sound and solid during the fi nancial year ended 30th June, 2007. Due to the continuing steady growth in traffi c fl ow and toll revenue on the expressways, the Group s net toll revenue for the year ended 30th June, 2007 increased from HK$1,735 million to HK$2,026 million, up 17%.
Financial year 2006 2007 Growth Rate 
Average Daily Traffi c (No. of vehicles 000) 270 324 20% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 8,800 10,035 14% ESW Ring Road Average Daily Traffi c (No. of vehicles 000) 84 81 - 4% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 1,150 1,149 0% Phase I West Average Daily Traffi c (No. of vehicles 000) 23 26 13% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 340 376 11% In addition, the Group also benefi ted from the appreciation of the Renminbi given that 61% of the loans of the joint venture companies are in US Dollar. As a result, the Group recorded an exchange gain of HK$236 million during the year.
The Group s balance sheet remained very strong. Net current assets reached HK$3,902 million as at 30th June, 2007, a 27% increase over the HK$3,065 million as at the last financial year end. Benefi ting from the strong cash fl ow generated by its expressway projects, net gearing (total debt less bank balances and cash, pledged bank balances and deposits to total equity) for the financial year 2007 reduced to 13%, as compared to last financial year s 18%. Net cash from operating activities increased to HK$1,758 million, a 20% rise over last year. As at 30th June, 2007, the Group had HK$3.9 billion cash on hand and unutilized syndicated bank loan facility of HK$3.6 billion. Such a solid fi nancial position will defi nitely strengthen the Group s capabilities in capturing future investing opportunities.
Business Review and Outlook The persistent and robust economic development of the Guangdong Province and the PRD region has generated both passenger and cargo fl ow, which resulted in large travelling demand. In addition, the continuous expansion of the PRD expressway network, improved standard of living of people in the region, substantial increase in car ownership, rapid growth in passenger and freight transportation and logistics industry also generate tremendous traffi c demand in the region. The Group expects the stable growth in traffi c fl ow and toll revenue and the increasing importance of the GS Superhighway and Phase I West will continue. At the same time, the growing economies will provide the Group with more commercial opportunities.
GS Superhighway has demonstrated consistent steady growth in traffi c and toll revenue since its opening to traffi c in 1994. Since mid-September 2006, Shenzhen authorities have restricted heavy trucks to run on some of its local roads which helped boost traffi c of the GS Superhighway. With the continuous economic development of Guangdong Province and the rapid increase in car ownership, the Group believes that the traffi c fl ow and toll revenue of GS Superhighway will maintain stable growth. To cater for the increasing traffi c demand, the GS Superhighway joint venture company has been actively refi ning the feasibility of widening GS Superhighway to dual fi ve-lane.
During the year under review, two local toll-free roads were opened which had diverted traffi c from the ESW Ring Road.
On 9th August, 2007, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company entered into an agreement with one of the joint venture partners of the Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road joint venture for the sale of its entire interest, including rights, duties and obligations in the Guangzhou East-South- West Ring Road joint venture, for a consideration of RMB1,712.55 million. Completion of the agreement is subject to approval of the transaction by the respective shareholders of the Company and Hopewell Holdings Limited ( HHL ), parent company of the Company, and the approval of the relevant PRC authorities within 180 days of the date of the agreement (or such other date as the parties may be mutually agreed).
In November 2006, a local toll-free road in Foshan, parallel to Phase I West, was opened. This has resulted in traffi c diversion and slowed down the growth of Phase I West. The joint venture company has been taking measures to attract more traffi c.
While the Central Government has implemented country-wide stricter control and approval policy on land use which make land acquisition and demolition more diffi cult and also prolong the time of land handover, the construction of Phase II of the Western Delta Route ( Phase II West ) has been proceeding and is currently planned to be completed by end of 2009.
The Group reached consensus with its PRC partner (also the PRC partner of the Phase I West and Phase II West) on the terms of investment, construction and operation of Phase III of the Western Delta Route ( Phase III West ). The preparation work for project approval s application of Phase III West is underway. Upon the completion of the Western Delta Route, it will be a strategic expressway directly linking up Guangzhou and Zhuhai along the western bank of the PRD. According to the Outline Plan of the Eleventh Five-Year Plan on National Economic and Social Development, the Guangdong Government will accelerate the development in the western flank of the PRD. The Group believes that the Western Delta Route will benefi t from the Plan.
During the year under review, the Group has put more emphasis to enhance the traffic management in order to improve service quality, effi ciency and safety of its expressways. Manpower and equipment have been increased in road patrol, rescue and traffi c control to enhance traffi c safety and improve the efficiency and effectiveness in handling traffic accidents and meeting emergencies. As a result, the number of fatal in the accidents had been substantially reduced.
As reported in the media, feasibility studies on the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project have been substantially completed and the Central Government is highly supportive of the project. The Group is confi dent that it will be in an advantageous position to assume an important role in this project once it proceeds to the tendering stage.
Change of Director The Board welcomes Mr. Yuk Keung IP joining the Company as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee with effect from 13th August, 2007. Mr. IP also serves as an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of HHL with effect from the same date.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow directors, senior management team, and all staff for their hard work, dedication and commitment in the past year. I would also like to thank all our shareholders, fi nanciers and business partners for their continuous support and confi dence in the Group which have contributed towards the Group s success last year.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 21st August, 2007 