I am pleased to report the Group s results for the financial year ended 30 June 2015. The Group s shared aggregate net toll revenue increased slightly from RMB1,916 million to RMB1,919 million.
This was mainly due to the continuous growth in toll revenue of the Western Delta Route, which offset the fall in toll revenue of the GS Superhighway as a result of the diversion impact from the 
The aggregate EBITDA of toll expressways (excluding an exchange gain on the GS Superhighway JV s US Dollar and HK Dollar loans as well as related income tax expenses) decreased slightly by 1%, from RMB1,627 million to RMB1,602 million. The Group s net profit from its toll road projects decreased by 5% from RMB535 million to RMB507 million. Meanwhile, the profit attributable to owners of the Company declined by 6%, from RMB553 million to RMB520 million. Basic earnings per share for the year decreased by 6% from the previous year s RMB17.94 cents to RMB16.86 cents.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend The Board has proposed a final dividend of RMB8.4 cents (equivalent to HK10.1665 cents at the exchange rate of RMB1:HK$1.21030) per share and a special final dividend of RMB18 cents (equivalent to HK21.7854 cents at the exchange rate of RMB1:HK$1.21030) per share for the financial year ended 30 June 2015. Together with an interim dividend of RMB8.4 cents per share that has already been paid, the total regular dividends for the year will amount to RMB16.8 cents per share. This represents a decrease of 6% on the last financial year s total regular dividends of RMB17.9 cents per share. Excluding the special final dividend of RMB18 cents per share, the Company s total dividend for the year represents a regular dividend payout ratio of 99.6% of the Company s profit attributable to owners of the Company and will be 0.2% lower than that of the previous year.
Subject to shareholders approval at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 26 October 2015, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on Tuesday, 1 December 2015 to shareholders who were registered at the close of business on Friday, 30 October 
If the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting, they will be payable in cash in RMB or HK Dollars, or a combination of these currencies, at the exchange rate of RMB to HKD as published by The People s Bank of China on Wednesday, 26 August 2015 and shareholders will be given the option of electing to receive the final dividend and special final dividend in either RMB or HK Dollars or a combination of RMB and HK 
To make the dividend election, shareholders should complete the Dividend Election Form (if applicable) and return it to the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at 17M Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 19 November 2015. If no dividend election is made by a shareholder, such shareholder will receive the final dividend and special final dividend in HK 
Closure of Register To ascertain shareholders eligibility to attend and vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting to be held on Monday, 26 October 2015, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 19 October 2015 to Monday, 26 October 2015, both days inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify to attend and vote at the 2015 Annual General Meeting, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 16 October 2015.
To ascertain shareholders entitlement to the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, the Register of Members of the Company will be closed for one day on Friday, 30 October 2015, if and only if the proposed final dividend and special final dividend are approved by the shareholders at the 2015 Annual General Meeting. No transfer of shares of the Company will be effected on the aforementioned book-close date. To qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers of share ownership, accompanied by relevant share certificates, must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, 29 October 2015.

During the year under review, though US Federal Reserve had concluded its Quantitative Easing Programme and further poised to increase US dollar interest rate, Europe and Japan launched their quantitative easing programmes in order to support their economic growth. Overall speaking, the low interest rate environment in developed countries continued to support the recovery of the world economy. Benefiting from lower oil price and temporary settlement of the haunting Greece debt problem, economies of the European countries were stabilised and showed signs of improvement.
The US economy continued its slow paced economic recovery, as evidenced by the all-time low unemployment rate since 2008 and gradual rise in housing prices.
The PRC s economy remained as the growth engine to the world s economy. In order to maintain the GDP growth momentum at the target rate of 7%, the PRC government persisted in its policies to stimulate domestic consumption, ease money market liquidity, liberate interest rate, open up capital markets and invest in large-scale infrastructure projects. The PRC s economy will be adapting to the New Normal with a steadfast and sustainable expansion. Its GDP in the second quarter of 2015 grew by 7% year-on-year, a similar figure to 2014 s.
During the year under review, the aggregate average daily traffic volume on the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route rose 4% to 593,000 vehicles, while their aggregate average daily toll revenue maintained at the same level as FY14 at RMB11.2 million. The average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway dropped 3% for FY15 to RMB8.5 million mainly due to the full opening of the Coastal Expressway. The average daily toll revenue of the Western Delta Route rose 9% to RMB2.7 million mainly due to the strong growth in Class 1 vehicle traffic. The aggregate toll revenue of the GS Superhighway and the Western Delta Route amounted to RMB4,080 million.

Gradual recovery of the global economy is likely to continue. The US economy is expected to maintain mild economic recovery in the coming year. Eurozone economy is forecasted to achieve moderate growth despite the Greece debt problem and geopolitical tension in Europe. Benefiting from lower oil price and depreciation of Japanese Yen, Japan economy is sluggishly meliorating. Although US had concluded its quantitative easing measures and poised to let its interest rate hike, many other central banks have been easing their monetary policies which further support the global financial and 
The PRC government continues to shift the economy from a credit-, fixed asset investment- and export-driven one, to a more consumption-oriented, technology-advanced and environmental sustainable growth economy. In order to maintain its GDP growth momentum at a New Normal level of 7%, the PRC authorities have been fine-tuning policies to infuse liquidity at targeted reforms.
The PRC GDP growth would still be the main contributor to the world s economic growth. With the improving economic outlook of the US and Eurozone as well as the accommodative economic growth policy of the PRC, Hong Kong is well-positioned to leverage on the opportunities brought about by the PRC recent reforming strategies.
According to the media, the GDP of Guangdong province continued to be the highest among other provinces and municipalities in the PRC. The registered car population of Guangdong increased by 13% and reached a new record high of 13.3 million at the end of 2014, in which over 70% was accounted for the cities where the Group s expressways run through. Thanks to the continuous outstripping registered car population growth rate (CAGR 14%) in Guangdong which was double of the expressway length growth rate (CAGR 7%) in Guangdong from 2010 to 2014, the robust demand for road traffic will continue to support the growth of the Group s expressways.
The Group believes the diversion impact from the full opening of the Coastal Expressway on the GS Superhighway has fully been realised as the average daily toll revenue of the GS Superhighway rebounded by 2% in the second half of FY15, compared to a 6% fall in the first half of FY15. The Group is confident that this regained growth momentum in the second half of FY15 will continue in the coming years.
The Western Delta Route is the most direct and convenient expressway artery in the regional expressway network that covers the most prosperous and populous cities on the PRD s western bank, including Guangzhou, Foshan, Zhongshan and Zhuhai. It offers convenient access to the Hengqin State-level Strategic New Zone, Macau and Hong Kong via its connection with the HZM Bridge, which is expected to be completed by the end of 2017 according to media.
The Group has a sound financial plan and enjoys a strong and solid financial position with net cash on hand amounted to RMB337 million as of 30 June 2015. Moreover, the GS Superhighway JV is engaging with the banks to arrange loan rescheduling, which will help accelerate the dividend distribution by the GS Superhighway JV to the Group and further enhance the Group s liquidity. In view of the continuous interest rate cut in the PRC, the Group will continue to benefit from the lowering interest expenditure.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank the Group s Managing Director, my fellow Directors, the management team and all staff members for their hard work, dedication and commitment during the past year. I would also like to thank all our shareholders, financiers and business partners for their continuous support in the Group, which contributed greatly towards the Group s success during the 
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 26 August 2015 