Chairman s Statement 
Phase II West remains on track and is planned to be completed by the end of June 2010; whereas Phase III West is planned to start construction 
I am pleased to report that Hopewell Highway Infrastructure Limited and its subsidiaries (the Group ) achieved satisfactory results for the year ended 30 June 2009, with an increase of 5% in net toll revenue and an increase of 8% in earnings before interest and tax as compared to last year. In the absence of non- recurring exceptional gain in the current year, basic earnings per share for the year decreased to HK35.72 cents, a 47% drop from last year s HK67.81 cents per 
The profit attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased 47% to HK$1,059 million from HK$2,014 million (restated) of the last financial year.
Last year, the profi t attributable to equity holders was substantially augmented by the exceptional gain of HK$974 million arising from the disposal of the Group s interest in Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road ( ESW Ring Road ) and the exchange gain of HK$439 million resulting from the appreciation of 
During the year under review, the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway ( GS Superhighway ) and the Phase I of the Western Delta Route ( Phase I West ) in The People s Republic of China ( PRC ) continued to provide strong recurring profi t and cash fl ow to the Group. In respect of GS Superhighway, the traffi c and toll revenue from Class 1 small cars had reached a record high level, while that from Classes 4 and 5 commercial vehicles had stabilized after a drop in the fi rst quarter of 2009.
As to new projects, construction of Phase II of the Western Delta Route ( Phase II West ) remains on track and is planned to be completed by the end of June 2010, whereas Phase III of the Western Delta Route ( Phase III West ) is planned to start construction in 2010. With the resilient and recovering local economy, together with the Group s strong balance sheet and cash fl ow profi le, these projects remain well funded with the full support from banks. The Group will continue to seek investment opportunities in the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) region and beyond to deliver steady and attractive returns to shareholders.

In view of the good performance and the strong fi nancial position of the Group, the Board of Directors (the Board ) has recommended a fi nal dividend of HK18 cents per share. Together with the extraordinary special dividend of HK84 cents and the interim dividend of HK17 cents per share already paid, the total dividend for the full year will be HK119 cents per share, a 83% increase as compared to HK65 cents (including a special dividend of HK35 cents) for the last fi nancial year. Excluding the extraordinary special dividend of HK84 cents per share, the total dividend for this year represents a 98% payout of profi t attributable to equity holders of the 
Subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 13 October 2009, the proposed fi nal dividend will be paid on or about 14 October 2009 to shareholders as registered at the close of business on 13 October 2009. As presented in the last interim reportresults announcement, the Group will adhere to a 100% dividend payout target, taking account of the strong earnings and cash fl ow as well as the strong balance sheet and cash surplus on hand.
Closure of Register The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Wednesday, 7 October 2009 to Tuesday, 13 October 2009, both days inclusive, during which no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to be qualifi ed for the proposed fi nal dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certifi cates must be lodged with the Company s Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712 1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:00 p.m. on Tuesday, 6 October 2009.
Net toll revenue increased 5% to 
for fi nancial year 200809 
The Group maintained a strong fi nancial position throughout the year. The Group s proportionately shared net toll revenue for the year ended 30 June 2009 increased 5% from HK$1,717 million to HK$1,809 million. Re-opening of the Xintang to Dongguan section of GS Superhighway in July 2008 after the completion of its maintenance and improvement works gave rise to a rebound in toll revenue.
Financial Year 2008 2009 % Change GS Superhighway (at joint venture company level) Average Daily Traffi c (No. of vehicles 000) 320 314 -2% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 8,713 8,949 3% Phase I West (at joint venture company level) Average Daily Traffi c (No. of vehicles 000) 28 28 0% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 406 409 1% The Group s balance sheet remains healthy. Save for borrowings of the PRC joint venture companies, the Group has no outstanding corporate debt. As at 30 June 2009, the Group (excluding PRC joint venture companies) had HK$2.8 billion of cash on hand, which would be more than suffi cient for the equity injections required for Phase II West and Phase III West. At the project level, the Group s project debts are well covered by the project cash flow. When expressed in terms of project interest coverage, being defined as the ratio of the Group s proportionately shared project EBITDA (Earnings Before Interest Taxation Depreciation and Amortization) for the year ended 30 June 2009 to the corresponding project interest expenses, it would be about 11 times. In addition, the Group s syndicated bank loan facility of HK$3.6 billion remains undrawn. Net current assets as at 30 June 2009 amounted to HK$2,182 million, representing a 61% decrease over the HK$5,661 million as at the last fi nancial year end. The decrease was mainly due to the payment of the extraordinary special dividend of HK$2,495 million during the year. The project debts of the PRC joint venture companies proportionally shared by the Group exceeded the cash on hand at the corporate level after the payment of the extraordinary special dividend.
The cash infl ow of the Group is mainly derived from the dividends declared by the joint venture companies of GS Superhighway and Phase I West. The Group s regular dividend payout has been suffi ciently covered by such cash infl ow.
Business Review and Outlook During the year under review, the fi nancial tsunami originated from the United States in 2007 continued to affect the global economy and resulted in the collapse of global stock markets in September 2008 and the world-wide credit crunch in the fi rst half of 2009. The economies of PRC and Hong Kong have been affected, with the imports and exports sector being hit hard. Nonetheless, PRC Government has adopted a series of measures to tackle the diffi culties brought along by the fi nancial tsunami, including a proactive fi scal policy, a moderately loose monetary policy, and a stimulus package of RMB4 trillion. These measures have obtained initial success 
EBIT increased 8% to 
for fi nancial year 200809 The average daily traffic and toll revenue of GS Superhighway had been gradually rebounding after the completion of the maintenance and improvement works of its north-bound lanes of the Xintang to Dongguan section in July 2008. However, owing to the slump in import and export trades of Guangdong and the Green- Lane policy, the average daily traffi c of GS Superhighway for the year recorded a minor decrease as compared to last year. For the breakdown, the traffi c and toll revenue from Class 1 small cars had reached a record high level since the opening of GS Superhighway, while that from Classes 4 and 5 commercial vehicles had stabilized after a drop in the fi rst quarter of 2009. Currently, the daily toll revenue has rebounded to a level comparable to that of 2006 when the historical high of daily toll revenue was recorded. Nonetheless, the Group believes that with its strategic location and connecting highway network well established over the past decade, GS Superhighway will continue to be the main artery within the region.
The sustaining growth in traffi c and toll revenue of Phase I West was offset by the slump in import and export trades of Guangdong, the loss of traffic due to the mutual recognition of vehicles annual passes between Guangzhou and Foshan, and the higher base value resulting from the substantial growth in traffic and toll revenue of Phase I West last year after ESW Ring Road became toll-free in September 2007.
It was announced in September 2008 that for the disclosed reasons, the Group entered into agreements with the same joint venture partner as Phase I West to increase the project investment costs for Phase II West and Phase III West and correspondingly to increase the Group s share of the additional capital by an approximate total amount of RMB812 million. The estimated total amount of project investment costs for Phase II West and Phase III West was increased to RMB12.8 billion. The agreements are being processed by the relevant authorities. It is currently planned to complete Phase II West by the end of June 2010 and to commence construction of Phase III West in 2010 with completion in approximately 3 to 4 years. Upon the completion of Phase II West and Phase III West, the total length of toll expressways invested by the Group will be expanded by about 60% to around 220 km. In view of the rapid urbanization, fast growing economic development and transportation demand of the western bank of the PRD region, the Group believes that all these will create synergy for the Western Delta Route as soon as it is fully completed.
Following the announcement of a series of urban integration cooperation between Guangzhou and Foshan, the pace of economic integration of the PRD region will be accelerated. The Group believes that this will foster the economic development of the PRD region, in particular the western bank, and the Group s highway network within the region will benefi t.
Change of Director With effect from 1 July 2009, Professor Chung Kwong POON was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director and the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee of the Company. On the same date, Mr. Alan Ming Fai TAM was appointed as an Executive Director of the Company. Moreover, with effect from 1 July 2009, Ir. Leo Kwok Kee LEUNG resigned from the board of the Company to take on other assignments with Hopewell Holdings Limited ( HHL ), and was appointed as a Non-Executive Director of HHL. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Ir. LEUNG for his valuable contribution towards the Company during his tenure of offi ce.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow directors, management team and all staff for their hard work, dedication and commitment in the past year. I would also like to thank all of our shareholders, fi nanciers and business partners for their continuous support and confi dence in the Group which have contributed towards the Group s success last year.
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 26 August 2009 