Chairman s Statement New users will become a major driving force for future development of our expressways, such as local commuters and holiday 
Iam pleased to report that the Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, continued to deliver impressive financial results for the year ended 30 June 2008, with profit attributable to equity holders of the Company of HK$1,997 million, representing a 48% increase over the last financial year s HK$1,349 million. Basic earnings per share increased to HK67.25 cents, a 48% rise over the last year s HK45.45 cents per share.
During the year under review, the Guangzhou-Shenzhen Superhighway ( GS Superhighway ) and the Phase I of the Western Delta Route ( Phase I West ) continued to provide strong profit and cashflow to the Group. The Group also realized a pretax gain of HK$974 million on disposal of its 45% stake in the Guangzhou East-South-West Ring Road ( ESW Ring Road ). In addition, the continuing appreciation of Renminbi contributed to an exchange gain of HK$439 
This year is the fifth anniversary of the Company since its listing in August 2003. The financial position of the Group has continued to be stronger in the last five years. The profit attributable to shareholders has increased substantially from HK$733 million for the year ended 30 June 2004 to HK$1,997 million in this financial year. Building on this success, the Group will continue to seek investment opportunities in the Pearl River Delta ( PRD ) region and to deliver steady and attractive returns to shareholders.
Final Dividend and Special Final Dividend In view of the good performance and strong financial position, the Board of Directors has recommended a final dividend of HK13 cents per share and a special final dividend of HK28 cents per share. Together with the interim and special interim dividends of HK24 cents per share already paid, total dividends for the full year will be HK65 cents per share, a 86% increase as compared to HK35 cents for the last financial year. Subject to approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting to be held on 13 October 2008, the proposed final dividend and special final dividend will be paid on or about 14 October 2008 to shareholders as registered at the close of business on 13 October 
Closure of Register The Register of Members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 6 October 2008 to Monday, 13 October 2008, both days inclusive, during that period no transfer of shares of the Company will be effected. In order to qualify for the proposed final dividend and special final dividend, all transfers accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company s Hong Kong Share Registrar, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 3 October 2008.

The Group s proportionately-shared net toll revenue for the year ended 30 June 2008 decreased 15% from HK$2,026 million to HK$1,717 million. After the disposal of the ESW Ring Road, the Group ceased to share in its toll revenue. Due to the adjustment of the profit sharing ratio in the joint venture company for GS Superhighway ( GS Superhighway JV ) from 50% to 48% from 1 July 2007 onwards, the Group s share of toll revenue in GS Superhighway JV was also reduced. In addition, the planned temporary closure of the Xintang to Dongguan section of GS Superhighway in phases from October 2007 to July 2008 for maintenance and improvement works resulted in a drop in toll revenue.
Financial Year 2007 2008 % Change GS Superhighway (at joint venture company level) Average Daily Traffic (No. of vehicles 000) 324 320 -1% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 10,035 8,713 -13% Phase I West (at joint venture company level) Average Daily Traffic (No. of vehicles 000) 26 28 10% Average Daily Toll Revenue (RMB 000) 376 406 8% The Group maintained a strong financial position throughout the year ended 30 June 2008. A pretax gain of HK$974 million was realized on disposal of its 45% stake in the ESW Ring Road. The Group also benefited from the continuous appreciation of the Renminbi during the year. Owing to such appreciation and the fact that the majority of the loans borrowed by the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) joint venture companies were denominated in United States Dollar, the Group reported an exchange gain of HK$439 million for the year.
The Group s balance sheet remains very healthy. Net current assets reached HK$5,666 million as at 30 June 2008, a 45% increase over the HK$3,902 million as at the last financial year end. With the strong cash flow generated by its expressway projects and the disposal of the ESW Ring Road, the Group s bank balances and cash, pledged bank balances and deposits exceeded total attributable debt as at the end of the financial year. Save for borrowings of the PRC joint venture companies, the Group has no outstanding corporate debt. As at 30 June 2008, the Group (excluding all PRC joint venture companies) had cash on hand of HK$6.0 billion and a syndicated bank loan facility of HK$3.6 billion remained undrawn. The huge cash surplus and bank facility place the Group in an excellent financial position to capture future investment opportunities.
Business Review and Outlook During the year under review, Mainland China including Guangdong Province maintained its high growth momentum with the gross domestic product of Guangdong continuously growing over 10%, despite some natural disasters in the first half of 2008 in few provinces and the unfavourable development of the global economic climate. The trend of urbanization, the enhancement of highway networks in Guangdong, in particular, the PRD region, and the rapid increase in car ownership have created favourable external environment for the Group s core business. New users will become a major driving force for future development of our expressways, such as local commuters and holiday makers.
Owing to several unforeseen situations arising in the year under review, primarily the unusual snowstorm occurred in the peak traffic period around the Chinese New Year in early 2008, the Green Lane policy imposed by the Central Government to exempt tolls temporarily throughout 2008 for certain trucks travelling on some major expressways, the change in road network in Shenzhen, and the planned temporary closure of a section of GS Superhighway for maintenance and improvement works, the toll revenue of GS Superhighway recorded a drop as compared to that of last year. However, with the maintenance and improvement works of the section completed and reopened since 9 July 2008, the average daily traffic and toll revenue of GS Superhighway have gradually rebounded to the level comparable to that of last year.
Given the strategic location of GS Superhighway and its connection to regional highway network well established over the past decade, the Group believes that GS Superhighway will continue to be the main artery within the region even though there may be some probable competitive routes in future such as the Guangzhou Shenzhen Coastal 
During the year under review, as the traffic diversion from Phase I West caused by a parallel-run local toll-free road in Foshan was stabilized and ESW Ring Road became toll-free since mid September 2007, Phase I West s traffic and toll revenue resumed significant growth momentum.
Subsequent to the year end, it was announced on 2 September 2008 that for the disclosed reasons, the Group entered into agreements with Phase I West s joint venture partner to increase the project investment costs for Phase II and Phase III of the Western Delta Route ( Phase II West and Phase III West respectively) and correspondingly to increase the Group s share of additional capital by an approximate total amount of RMB812 million. The estimated total amount of project investment costs for Phase II West and Phase III West are increased to RMB12.8 billion. The transactions are subject to the approval by, among others, the shareholders of the Company and its parent company, Hopewell Holdings Limited ( HHL ). It is currently planned to complete Phase II West in the financial year ended 30 June 2010 and to commence construction of Phase III West in 2010 with completion in approximate 3 to 4 years. The Group is committed and will endeavour to expedite the construction of Phase II West and Phase III West and complete them as planned. In view of the rapid urbanization, fast growing economy and transportation of the western bank of the PRD region, the Group believes that all these will create synergy with the Western Delta Route as soon as it is fully completed.
Over the past two decades, the Group has devoted much effort towards the development of Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project. As recently reported by the media, the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project is currently planned to commence construction at the earliest in 2010 and to be completed by 2015. We are pleased to see that the project has won affirmative recognition of the Central Government and various local governments, as well as comprehensive support from the general public. Its pace of construction is going to speed up. This reflects the excellent vision of the 
The Group believes that the fast-track construction plan of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge project will not only increase the economic cooperation of Guangdong, Hong Kong and Macau, but also actively contribute to the economic development of the western bank of the PRD region, in addition to expand and improve the regional highway network.
Change of Director Mr. Yuk Keung IP was appointed an Independent Non-Executive Director and a member of the Audit Committee of the Company with effect from 13 August 2007. Due to other business commitments, Mr. IP resigned from the board of the Company with effect from 29 February 2008. On 7 May 2008, Mr. Nicholas Tai Keung MAY was appointed as Alternate Director to Mr. Barry Chung Tat MOK, Executive Director of the Company. I would like to take this opportunity to thank Mr. IP for his valuable contribution towards the Company during his tenure of office.

I would like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow directors, management team, and all staff for their hard work, dedication and commitment in the past year. I would also like to thank all our shareholders, financiers and business partners for their continuous support and confidence in the Group which have contributed towards the Group s success 
Sir Gordon Ying Sheung WU GBS, KCMG, FICE 
Hong Kong, 10 September 2008 