CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
By leveraging on the Group s past outstanding results and relatively low-cost land bank coupled with the continuing exploration of innovative and new operating management models, the Group is expected to have a bright future.
I am delighted to present the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited ( Hopson or the Company ) for the year ended 31st December 2004 to our shareholders.

For the year ended 31st December 2004, the profit attributable to shareholders of the Company together with its subsidiaries (the Group ) was HK$611,250,000, an increase of 94% as compared to HK$315,354,000 in the previous year. Earnings per share increased 97% to HK61 cents (2003: HK31 cents).

The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK6 cents per share for the year ended 31st December 2004. Together with the interim dividend of HK3 cents per share, the total dividend payout per share for the year was HK9 cents per share, a 80% increase as compared to HK5 cents in 2003.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
MARKET CONDITION AND OPERATING ENVIRONMENT In 2004, the People s Republic of China ( PRC ) Government strengthened the implementation of macroeconomic austerity measures through the imposition of stringent control on land supply and bank credits, and achieved a remarkable result in containing some unstable factors. However, the Chinese economy continued to grow rapidly and its household income was on the rise. This led to a huge demand for improvements in living standards, thus providing a healthy environment for further development of the PRC property market. In 2004, the growth rate of the PRC economy increased by 9.5%, while the investment in property development amounted to RMB1,315.8 billion, representing a 28.1% increase as compared to 2003.
The Group has obtained a fairly good investment return from the three major economic zones in the Mainland. Its property development projects are located in the PRC s fastest growing areas. The following table highlights the economic and residential property transaction data of 2004 for Guangzhou, Beijing, Shanghai and Tianjin, as announced by the PRC National Bureau of Statistics: 
After years of consolidation, Guangzhou s property market commenced its rebound in mid 2003 and maintained a steady growth. With a more mature consumer base, coupled with a host of other positive factors, such as the implementation of the 9+2 Pan-Pearl River Delta Cooperation policy, the opening of the new airport and the new convention centre, the construction of Guangzhou University City, the approval of the project relating to Panyu Railway Station and the successful application to host the Asian Games, all these expedited the development of the property market in Guangzhou in 2004.

In 2004, with the preparatory work for 2008 Beijing Olympic Games progressed well underway, the Olympic stadiums, the infrastructure projects and other public transportation facilities raised the overall living and working environment in Beijing, thus enhancing property values.
Leveraging on its capital city status and long standing heritage value as well as an international metropolis, together with China s strengthening position in the world s economy, Beijing has drawn a massive interest of foreigners and non-Beijing residents into the property market. In addition, with the increasing need for purchasing property led by redevelopment and continuous urbanization, there is a huge demand for properties in 
Shanghai has positioned itself as an international metropolis, leading to a broader prospect for the development of commercial properties. With the construction of infrastructure facilities and stadiums having gradually commenced, which will enhance the overall quality of the city, Shanghai is well prepared for the 2010 World Expo, which will enhance the overall quality of the city. The optimistic outlook of the Shanghai property market displayed by the inflow of foreign capital further promoted the development of the property market there in 2004.

Commencing from 2003, large-scale infrastructure construction and redevelopment of the city were carried out by Tianjin. It also accelerated the demolition of old and dangerous buildings with the redevelopment area for 2004 reaching 4 million sq.m., reflecting the well-being of the property market. The lower average living area per capita as compared to the national level and the consumers changing concepts on better living standards brought about by economic development were the two main reasons contributing to the development of the property market in Tianjin.
Moreover, the planning of Greater Beijing and the effects of the Pan- Bohai Economic Zone are expected to further expedite the economic developments in Tianjin.

For the year ended 31st December 2004, turnover amounted to HK$4,450 million, a 34% increase as compared to HK$3,326 million in 2003.
Turnover of the Group by cities: LAND BANK REPLENISHMENT The Group continues to adopt a cross-regional expansion strategy and strategically selects and explores new markets in major cities in the Mainland. Its existing land bank is sufficient to sustain the business growth of the Group in the foreseeable future.
In 2004, the Group acquired through tender a site of 206,000 sq.m. for residential use in Jiangbei District, the centre of Huizhou city. Furthermore, in Guangzhou where a more mature property market exists, it secured a site of approximately 56,000 sq.m. at Nanzhou Road through an acquisition of equity interest, and an additional site of approximately 55,600 sq.m. at Tonghe Road.
PROPERTY DEVELOPMENT BUSINESS In 2004, property market in the Mainland sustained steady growth. Overall demand outweighed supply. Steady economic growth increased the average personal income of urban habitants, thus driving the demand for quality properties. Against this background, for 2004 the contracted sales of residential properties, recorded strong growth and the price for commodity residential housing was up by 15.2% when compared with 
Through its successful marketing strategies, the Group has consolidated its leading position in the mainland property market and established a strong brand name. The Group will continue to keep a watchful eye on the diversified demands of the residential property market, so as to launch quality property developments with creative and innovative designs that are well-received by the market. The Group will also enhance its customers level of satisfaction by providing value-added services, like better community management.
In Guangzhou, several of the Group s property projects performed well with good market sentiment. Due to the arrival of first year teachers and students from Guangzhou University City and the approval of the Panyu railway station project, Huanan New City recorded an impressive growth in terms of sales. Gallopade Park - South Court and Huajing New City both benefited from their proximity to the new Guangzhou International Convention Centre. The satisfactory sales of Regal Riviera, Fairview South Court and Pleasant View Garden were attributable to their proximity to the soon-to-be-launched Guangzhou subway Line No. 3. In mid 2004, the Group launched its new project, Regal Palace, a high-end residential project located at the river bank of the Pearl River. The sales of this project were extremely satisfactory. All in all, after years of sluggish performance, the rebound of the Guangzhou property market greatly benefited the Group s development projects there.
The Group s three projects located in Beijing, namely Beijing Regal Court, Citta Eterna and Fresh Life Garden, are located on the periphery of Beijing s central business district. Of these, a large number of units in Citta Eterna and Fresh Life Garden were transferred to the buyers for occupation during the year. Overall, the Group had an encouraging sales performance in Beijing in 2004.
Shanghai Hopson Town and Tianjin Jingjin New Town started pre-sales in August and September 2004 respectively, and the market response of these two property projects was encouraging. The healthy cash inflow from proceeds of these sales had a positive effect on the financial position of the Group.
PROPERTY MANAGEMENT BUSINESS The impeccable realization of quality living High quality customer service is an important factor contributing to the Group s success.
Guangdong Esteem Property Services Limited ( Esteem ), a subsidiary of the Group, provides comprehensive and systematic property management services to the owners. Esteem strives to create an ideal living environment for the owners, and has been recognized for its efforts by the community.
In 2004, Esteem was accredited as a first class property management enterprise in China. The Group will continue to provide innovative customer services so as to further enhance its service quality.
In order to strengthen communication between the Group and its customers, with the aims of further enhancing the cohesive force of the enterprise and providing a broader level of interaction among its customers, the Group has established the Hopson Club . This establishment is well recognized by the Group s customers and has expanded to various regions along with the Group s regional expansion 
PROPERTY RENTAL, HOTELS AND OTHER BUSINESSES The rapid economic growth and robust development of the property market in the Mainland have raised the rent and occupation rates of rental properties such as commercial offices. In order to strengthen and stabilize the returns on assets, investment in commercial property is an important strategic development of the Group. Guangzhou Hopson International Building project and the commercial project in Phase 4 of Gallopade Park in Guangzhou will be launched in 2005. It is expected that these projects will bring stable annual rental returns to the Group.
The Group s hotel projects comprise Regal Riviera Hotel (in which the Group owns a 40% equity interest) located in Guangzhou, Beijing Howard Johnson Regal Riviera Plaza Hotel located in Beijing and Tianjin Water Palace Convention Hotel located in Baodi, Tianjin. Among them, Beijing Howand Johnson Regal Riviera Plaza Hotel will be managed by Howard Johnson Group of the United States, one of the world s best-known and reputable hotel management companies, and plans to commence operation in the first half of 2005.
With the further development of the PRC economy and the enhancement of living standards, the operating results of the Group s hotels are expected to improve. The Guangzhou Regal Riviera Hotel has commenced its operations. With the enhancement of management and aggressive marketing, the Guangzhou Regal Riviera Hotel will fully capture the upcoming opportunities in its vicinity, like the Guangzhou Trade Fair, and is expected to deliver satisfactory operating results. The Tianjin Water Palace Convention Hotel plans to commence operation in mid 2005, and will then host important forums. It is believed that this will greatly enhance the hotel s reputation and bring forth satisfactory operating 
Part of the golf course of Jingjin New Town in Tianjin commenced its soft opening in 2004. With the first batch of units of Jingjin New Town to be transferred to buyers in 2005 and as the community continues to grow, it is expected that the operating results of the golf course will achieve stable growth. Tianjin Water Palace Convention Hotel will commence its operation in mid 2005, which will benefit the Group s property and golf businesses. The Group continues to focus on its sales and operation with a view to enhancing and improving the service of its golf business and expanding the customer base. The Group anticipates that the operating results of its property related businesses will achieve satisfactory growth.

Sound corporate governance is an important foundation for the expansion of the Group s business. Through enhancing the Group s management efficiency and by deployment of innovative management model, the Group has achieved fruitful returns for shareholders. The Group has established a decision consultancy committee to ensure that accurate and effective decision are made on important issues thereby significantly lowered the risks involved.
The Group is able to formulate strategies which go hand-in-hand with economic development by analyzing the economic environment and the market trends of property developments, and has improved the management standard by following its strategic planning. The Group has further improved its management structure, clarified the function of each management level and strengthened its staff training. Through the continuous improvement of its management standard, the Group s future development will be further secured.

A report from the National Bureau of Statistics of China indicates that the property investment and total sales area of commodity property in the PRC recorded a strong growth in 2004 as compared with that of 2003. Market demand for property remains strong and the prospects of the overall market remain promising for the future. It is expected that the PRC government will further control the scale of city redevelopment in 2005 and will contain the growth of investment by various measures including increasing the interest rate and tightening credit. With the better regulation of the property market, the requirement on property developers will be higher. However, it will be a good development opportunity for property developers with large land banks and well recognized brand names.
Capitalising on the Group s past outstanding results and relatively low- cost land bank, coupled with the continuous development of active management models, the Group is expected to have promising prospects.
For instance, Tianjin New Town in Tianjin, the Group has not only developes a property project, but also within its vicinity creates an environment for many business sectors, such as travel, retail shop rental, hotel, golf course and other leisure facilities, so as to make it a self- contained project. The Group is optimistic about the expected returns from Tianjin in 2005, as the new model of commercial development has been put in place. The Group has also commenced commercial property developments in Guangzhou. With the launching of the forthcoming projects, the Group expects steady contribution thereform.
The Group has established a strong brand name for its quality products and services, which has brought a better profit margin and returns to the Group. The Group has strived to provide the best housing to its customers through its promotional themes, from The year of enhancing its housing products , The year of quality services , The year of integrity , to Enhancement of living culture in 2004, all of which have established a sound corporate image. The Group will continue to consolidate and enhance its brand image in 2005 with a new theme, The year of the cultural community , which will enrich the community s cultural life. It is also believed that the brand image of the Group will be greatly enhanced through the promotion of various cultural activities in the community.
The Group will explore new business opportunities while strengthening its development in current developing regions. The Group will continue to launch its renowned property development projects in Guangzhou, namely, Regal Riviera, Huanan New City, Pleasant View Garden, Gallopade Park - South Court, as well as new projects, including Yijing Huayuan, Regal Riviera Villa and Yunshan Xijing. The construction of Huizhou Regal Riviera Bay project will commence in the first half of 2005 with presale contemplating to be launched towards the second half of the year. This is supposed to be an engine of development for the Pearl River Delta region. The project in Tianjin is entering the harvest stage and more properties will be launched for sales in 2005. Through its active land bank acquisition strategy, the Group will further consolidate its sustainable development strategy. Under no unforeseen circumstances, the Group is expected to achieve even more inspiring results in 2005.
Moreover, the Group has mentioned in its circular issued to shareholders issued on 30th June 2004, that the Group planned to acquire minority interests in certain joint venture project companies and 59.5% equity interest in Guangzhou Zhujiang Qiaodao Real Estate Limited, at a consideration of RMB351 million and RMB497 million respectively. The Group completed the acquisition of the minority interests in certain joint venture project companies as of 31st December 2004 and the acquisition of 59.5% equity interest in Guangzhou Zhujiang Qiaodao Real Estate Limited will be completed soon. The Board of Directors believes that these acquisitions, will bring positive contribution to the Group s profit.

Hopson Development will continue to focus Guangzhou and the Pearl River Delta Region as its core areas for development, and to take a proactive approach to expanding into the Pan-Bohai Economic Zone and the Yangtze River Delta Economic Region for forming a diversified geographical coverage to mitigate investment risks.
It will strive to become a highly integrated property developer with the capability to design, construct, plan, market and provide after sales service, realising the goal of Own Projects, Our Own Development .
It will gradually step up the efforts to develop commercial properties like offices, shopping malls and hotels, and will hold them as long term investment for enhancing the stability of the Group s future development.
It will strive to seek cooperation with international reputable property developers, shopping mall contractors and operators, through such alliance to realise the diversification of shareholders.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to my fellow Directors for their advice and to all members of staff for their dedication, hardwork and support.
CHU MANG YEE 
18th April 2005 