CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Looking ahead, the Group will grasp the opportunities from the rapid economic growth in the PRC as well as the consolidation of the property sector. It will continue to develop projects with high profitability and explore new business models to raise its business to a new height and dimension Chu Mang Yee 
I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited ( Hopson or the Company ) for the year ended 31st December 2005.

For the year ended 31st December 2005, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) reported an increase of HK$785 million in the audited consolidated profit attributable to shareholders to HK$1,217 million. Earnings per share grew by 162% over 2004 to HK113cents. Total equity increased by 73% to HK$5,765 million. Net assets per share amounted to HK$4.75, representing an increase of 43% as compared to 31st December 2004. The return on total equity was 
The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK24.2 cents per share for the year ended 31st December 2005. Together with the interim dividend of HK9.75 cents per share, the total dividend payout per share for the year was HK33.95 cents, representing a 277% increase as compared to HK9 cents in 2004.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
In 2005, China s economy was robust and continued to grow vigorously. According to the preliminary statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the GDP in 2005 grew by 9.9% over that of 2004 to more than RMB18,000 billion. Excluding the pricing factor, the annual average disposable income of urban and rural residents per capita, had rose by 9.6% over that of 2004 to RMB10,493, and 1.9% higher than the previous year, which reflected a positive outlook of the PRC economy. For the property development sector, the PRC government introduced a series of macroeconomic austerity measures in 2005, including prohibition in land speculation, restriction on transfers of unfinished properties, tightening of bank credit and increase in mortgage rates, which were aimed to curb speculative activities in a number of cities with overheated property activities while sustaining and supporting normal and reasonable housing needs of the general public. Those measures were effectively implemented, as evidenced from the slow down in investment in the sector, increase in property prices and speculative activities. In addition, the increasingly attractive Renminbi assets under anticipated Renminbi appreciations, coupled with China s commitments of opening the banking sector in 2006, generated a greater demand from overseas investors.

Guangzhou is a district, where most of the Group s property developments are located and the property market has always been stable, on a whole not too adversely affected by the austerity measures. In 2005, the commodity properties in Guangzhou recorded a total transaction amount of RMB60.834 billion, representing an 8.61% increase over that of 2004 while 10.8% increase in terms of property prices. As we anticipate shortage of land supply and increase in demand for properties, there are upsides for further increase in prices. As a result of a number of macroeconomic factors, the competition in the sector was further heightened, while the market was further segmented into two extremes, with branded developers further focused on the top-end of the market. Given the Group has been focusing on the mid-to high ends of the market, it has accumulated substantial experience in this segment and is in an advantageous position to face the onslaught competition.

In 2005, after the implementation of a series of austerity measures by various ministries of the State including land, credit, taxation and property sales management, the Beijing property market went through a short term consolidation period of increase in property prices but decrease in transacted areas, with a 19.2% increase in average selling prices and a 18.7% decrease in pre- sales of transacted areas. As a result of these factors, the launch of a number of residential projects were postponed, thereby increasing the supply in 2006. As revealed from a survey conducted by a professional research institute, over two thirds of the property buyers in Beijing were for own-use purposes. As such, housing demand is expected to grow as well as the price.
Meanwhile, with gradual completion of the Olympics facilities and the associated infrastructures and the extensive promotion of the Olympic theme, it will further fuel the housing demand from overseas buyers, for both investment or own-use purposes.
On the whole, the property market in Beijing will grow steadily in anticipation of a sustainable strong demand for properties.

Owing to recent excessive increase in property prices in Shanghai as compared to those of other cities, the Shanghai market was particularly affected by the measures introduced in the year. From a longer term perspective, the Shanghai economy is expected to be strong, with its residents disposable income per capita to remain double digit growth. In addition, with relatively large scale of resettlements as supported by the Shanghai mayor s commitments of demolishing dangerous buildings of 4,000,000 square meters in old districts from 2006 and 2010, it will further create demand for housing. Currently it is the demand from end- users reviving the depressed property market.

The Tianjin market experienced a steady growth in 2005, with a rise in average selling price for commodity housing as compared to that in 2004. Driven by an improved urban environment and image, similar to the Beijing market, the property market in Tianjin performed very well. Following the Pearl River Delta and the Yangtze River Delta, the Huanbohai zone will become the next focus for economic growth in China. The inclusion of the development of the Binhai New District of Tianjin as part of the national development strategy by the Central Government will provide tremendous opportunities for the long-term growth of Tianjin, as well as the economic prosperity of the Huanbohai zone. Being the hub of the economic zone, the profile of the city will be further enhanced, thus attracting more investments from overseas investors. Further, the resettlement and urban planning will also create demand for housing and we are therefore optimistic of the outlook of the property market in Tianjin.
DEVELOPMENT OF PRC PROPERTY SECTOR The sustainable economic growth in China provides a solid foundation for long-term growth of the property sector. Though a series of macroeconomic austerity measures initiated a change in the market expectation in the short run, yet effective implementation of such measures in the long run will be conducive for a healthy and long lasting development of the property market. Larger property developers with branding will have access to more resources in light of more regulated land supply and credit tightening policies, while medium and small property developers will be faced with a more challenging operating environment with the market shares more polarized between these developers. Large developers with branding will have an edge in the new round of competition and the Group is confident to excel and to grasp more opportunities. Competent counterparties will no doubt enjoy more cutting edges under a new round of challenges in the property market and the Group is confident of capturing more development opportunities through market competition and hence the elimination of inefficient 
PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP Given the imminent hosting of the Asian Games in Guangzhou in 2009, the forthcoming Olympics in Beijing in 2008 and the World Expo in Shanghai in 2010, where the Group core operating areas are located, namely Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai, the property market in these cities will continue to be prosperous in the coming years. While these cities remain the focus of development of the Group, the Group will also explore new cities with potentials. In addition to the existing projects, the Group plans to pre-sell the Hopson International New City, Beijing International Garden, the Sheshan Donziyuan Project, the Zhaoxiang Town Project and Guangzhou Huadu Hongbenggang Reservoir project. Projects in Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai will remain the three major profit contributors in the coming years.
Looking ahead, the Group will grasp the opportunities from the rapid economic growth in the PRC as well as the consolidation of the property sector. It will continue to develop projects with high profitability and explore new business models, to raise its business to a new height and dimension.
CHU MANG YEE 
Hong Kong: 13th April 2006 