Continued success will be secured through vital expansion into major cities, so as to benefit most from further growth in business activities, better economy of scale, efficient sharing of resources and wider brand name recognition......
It is my pleasure to present to our shareholders the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited ( Hopson or the Company ) for the year ended 31st December 2002.

During the year under review, the Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively known as the Group ) achieved encouraging results against the background of a challenging market. The Group recorded a profit attributable to shareholders of HK$229,082,000, 89% higher than 2001. Earnings per share were HK23 cents.

The Board of Directors has recommended payment of a final dividend of HK2 cents per share for the year ended 31st December 2002. Combined with the interim dividend of HK2 cents per share, this will bring the total dividend distribution for the year to HK4 cents per share.

The economic conditions in the global market faced significant uncertainties and the world economy, as a result, slowed down in 2002. However, the fundamentals of China s economy remained strong with a national GDP growth of about 8% recorded during the year. Also, China s entry to the WTO coupled with its upcoming hosting of the 2008 Olympics and the 2010 World Expo, should have a positive impact on the property 
Favourable economic factors including the rising disposable income and the positive monetary environments have helped activate the desire of home buying. The regulatory land supply system implemented across the nation facilitates the improvement of market efficiency and the ease of oversupply situation. The property market in China is highly fragmented and competitive. Only large-scale property developers with solid track records, established brand names and quality products and services can stand out in the market and out-rival competitors.
First-tier cities have larger population, more influential economies and higher income per capita. All these help stimulate stronger buying power. In addition, robust pace of urbanisation, expansion of middle-class as well as the growing demand for quality products and services in urban living are all essential factors attributable to the popularity of well-planned projects in these cities. With the valuable knowledge and experience accumulated from its established business model in Guangzhou, the Group possesses what it takes to excel in those major cities. In 2002, it successfully transplanted its niches and secured a firm foothold in Beijing. The market responses from the first lot of projects are 
China s strong economic growth and the influx of foreign investments should be able to propel housing expenditures and the powerful upgrading trend. The Group is now well positioned to realise its strategic cross-district expansion. It is expected that continued success will be secured through vital expansion into major cities, so as to benefit most from further growth in business activities, better economy of scale, efficient sharing of resources and wider brand name recognition.
Following on the solid base of success achieved in Guangzhou, the Group intends to seek opportunities by strategically expanding its property business in other promising markets.
Hopson will, as before, continue to focus on quality residential developments and immaculate service standards. Looking ahead, Guangzhou, Beijing and Shanghai will be the major contributors to the Group s profit in the coming years.
Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude, on behalf of the Board, to our dedicated staff, visionary management and supportive business partners. The Group would not be the same without their unrelenting efforts and 
Chu Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 14th April 2003 