CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
The Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China in terms of overall strengths. As a competent developer, we are equipped with first-class capabilities of real estate operations, sophisticated corporate governance structure, flexible operation mechanism, strong development and marketing power and abilities in resources integration. Moving ahead, the Group is committed to achieve steady growth in its results and reap satisfactory returns for our shareholders.
The Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China in terms of overall strengths. As a competent developer, we are equipped with first-class capabilities of real estate operations, sophisticated corporate governance structure, flexible operation mechanism, strong development and marketing power and abilities in resources integration. Moving ahead, the Group is committed to achieve steady growth in its results and reap satisfactory returns for 
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
In 2008, China overcame numerous difficulties and the national economy sustained stable and steady development. Initial evaluation showed that the GDP was RMB30,067 billion, increased by 9.0% from last year.
Excluding price factor, the disposable income per capita of residents recorded an 8.4% growth. According to the information of National Statistical Bureau, the balance of National Foreign Exchange Reserve reached US$1,950 billion, jumped 27.3% from last year.
During the first half of 2008, the Central Government implemented prudent fiscal policy and tight monetary policy to prevent an overheated economy and inflation.
The Central Bank raised the capital adequacy ratio for 5 times to a historic high of 17.5%. In the second half of 2008, the Central Government introduced proactive fiscal policy and relaxed its monetary policy to offset the impact of global financial crisis and economic turmoil. Several reductions on capital adequacy ratio were recorded and interest rate was lowered for 5 consecutive times, with a cumulative drop of 216 basis points. Growth and development become the principle of the economic policy.
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
(i) Nationwide (Continued) In 2008, investments in real estate continue to grow persistently. Information of National Statistical Bureau revealed that nationwide investment in real estate development totalled RMB3,058 billion, soared 20.9% on a year-on-year basis. Following the feverish property market in 2006 and 2007 where housing prices persisted to soar, the real estate market entered a stage of adjustment in 2008 where homebuyers were taking wait- and-see attitude. The gross floor area of nationwide commodity housing sold was 620 million square meters ( sq.m. ), representing a decrease of 19.7% from last year.
The adjustment of the property market in China was intensified during the second half of 2008 with the outburst of global financial crisis which badly affected the 
The Central Government adjusted its austerity measures for property in accordance with the needs of overall economic development by introducing a number of favourable new policies to encourage spending on housing markets. The measures included reduction of deed tax to 1% for first-time homebuyers, cutback of down payment to 20%, provision of a maximum of 30% discount in interest rates for loans, mortgage support for buyers upgrading their homes, shortening of levy period of business tax for second-hand housing from 5 years to 2 years, switch of levy method from levying on whole sum to levying on price differences and etc. The series of measures helped stabilising the property market.
(ii) Southern China Guangzhou is the core of the Group s business activities in southern China and the Group also has business exposure in neighbouring cities like Huadu, Nanhai, Huizhou, and Zhongshan. The Group holds premium land reserve and engages in property development in prime areas of these cities. In 2008, approximately 49% of the Group s revenue was generated from southern China.
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
(ii) Southern China (Continued) In 2008, GNP of Guangzhou posted an increase of 12.3% to hit RMB821.582 billion over last year. GNP per capita reached RMB81,233 while annual disposal income per capita of urban residents was RMB25,317. Guangzhou ranked third among other major cities in the PRC in terms of aggregate economic output and managed to witness the momentum for economic growth.
In 2008, average transaction price of residential property in prosperous districts such as Guangzhou old city district and Zhujiang New Town remained at the level of over RMB10,000 per sq.m. The selling price of the Group s projects was regarded as the benchmark among various districts in Guangzhou.
Having experienced speedy development in the past 30 years since its reform and opening, Guangzhou was equipped with vast resources and extensive development experience. It possesses a relatively sophisticated mechanism of market operation and shows great improvement in its ability to counteract various risks. As the host city of the 16th Asian Games in 2010, Guangzhou will benefit from this historical event which will not only enhance its reputation in the world, but also improve its urban outlook and bring tremendous social and economic advantages. We therefore believe that after a short period of adjustment, the property market in southern China will develop in a steady and healthy manner in the long run with Guangzhou as the leading city.
(iii) Northern China The current strategy of the Group in northern China is to consider Beijing as its core, with both cities of Beijing and Tianjin as the central development zones that spread to the Huanbohai Economic Zone. In 2008, around 38% of the Group s revenue was from northern China.
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
(iii) Northern China (Continued) The 2009 Government Working Report of the Beijing Municipal Government pointed out that GDP of Beijing rose 9% from last year to reach RMB1,048.8 billion in 2008. GDP per capita exceeded US$9,000 and disposable income per capita for urban residents hit RMB24,725, representing a growth of 7%. The overall national economy grew at a rapid pace.
In 2008, transaction price of property in Beijing grew by 9.5% from 2007, of which the price of new dwellings rose by 11.9% where the growth rate has recorded a slowdown. Investment sentiment in property development has been weakened in the second quarter of 2008. The expansion of new GFA for development of commodity property slowed down. Both the growth rate of GFA under construction and completed GFA recorded a drop as compared with the same period last year.
As the nation s capital city, a cosmopolitan and a renowned historical and cultural city, Beijing has attracted talents from various sectors which push up demand for diverse types of real estate in Beijing. In the fourth quarter of 2008, average selling price of property posed a decrease.
However, the price drop was seen mainly in non-core districts such as suburban areas while price in core urban areas remained strong. The property price of the Group s projects still remains the benchmark of the district. In the short run, the announced measures on interest rate reduction, tax concession and credit support for developers are beneficial to avoidance of property price fluctuation.
The demand for property in Beijing is expected to register stable growth in the long run.
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
(iii) Northern China (Continued) As an important city in the Huanbohai region, Tianjin will benefit from the development of the area where the Binhai New District in Tianjin was chosen by the Central Government as the major development zone. Significant development is expected in the years to come. The opening of Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway will facilitate the economic activities between the two cities and catalyze regional development in the property markets of Beijing 
We believe the real estate market in northern China, in particular the Beijing market, will show stable and healthy development in 2009.
(iv) Eastern China The Group regarded the Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone as future profit centres where Shanghai is in the centre with Ningbo and Hangzhou as neighbouring cities.
In 2008, about 13% of the Group s revenue was generated from eastern China.
Figures from the Shanghai Statistics Website reflected that GNP of Shanghai was RMB1,369.815 billion, rose 9.7% from last year. GNP per capita was RMB88,745 and disposable income per capita of urban household was RMB26,675, up 12.9% from last year. Shanghai is characterized by its export-oriented economy which is driven by investment.
(1) Market Overview and Operating 
(iv) Eastern China (Continued) Although transaction volume of residential property in Shanghai dropped in 2008, various policies implemented in the fourth quarter of 2008 had restored market confidence. The World Expo to be held in Shanghai in 2010 will generate economic benefits and win worldwide recognition for Shanghai. Shanghai will continue to play its leading role in economic development in eastern China.
Through this round of consolidation, the real estate market of eastern China will be revitalised following the economic 
(2) Prospects of the PRC Property Sector Looking ahead, the global and domestic economy is expected to face fluctuations and uncertainties in 2009. China may take the lead for economic recovery as a result of favourable policies and the strong support from the Central Government, coupled with the positive impact of measures which stimulate domestic demand and facilitate economic growth. After numerous challenges and substantial adjustment, the property sector will return to a stage of steady development, amid an operating environment which undergoes adjustment and gradual recovery.
(2) Prospects of the PRC Property Sector 
In the short run, the prime mission of China is to sustain growth.
To achieve this goal, the Central Government has introduced timely adjustment in its measures regarding property sector in the area of credit, monetary and taxation. The Government Working Report in March 2009 revealed that a more proactive approach will be adopted in its policy to restore market confidence and stabilize investment in property in order to boost the real estate sector. Through the execution of credit, taxation and other measures to encourage spending on housing for living and upgrading purposes, it helps facilitate the development of real estate market in a healthy and steady manner. Different regions in China have formulated respective policies targeting its property market. In Guangdong, for example, the local government has introduced 15 guidelines to promote the steady growth of its economy including favourable measures for developers, such as extension of deadline for land premium payment and credit support for developers from commercial 
The above policies will gradually take effect. In the beginning of 2009, we are seeing signs of rebound in different markets.
Transaction volumes in cities like Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou have shown upward trends after Chinese New Year.
It is expected that the various favourable policies launched by the Central Government will boost the real estate market to pick up its steady development.
As the largest emerging economy in the world, the PRC s galloping economy has provided its people with wealth and higher living standard. Urbanization further facilitates the demand for quality homes and boosts the property market. The middle and long-term outlook of property market in the PRC is promising with tremendous potential.
(3) Prospects of the Group The Group had already foreseen in 2007 the upcoming market adjustment and corresponding measures were implemented to prepare for the change. The Group has optimized its operation model and decision-making mechanism.
The Group will persist to maintain a stable business operation for steady growth. The Group strives to upgrade its management level and boost its property sales to improve liquidity and strengthen its ability in risk management in light of the ever- changing market environment. The Group will continue to adopt a prudent principle in land bank acquisition and sharpen its focus on prosperous cities to fulfill the development needs. Customer recognition will be achieved by strenuous efforts in upgrading product quality and service standards. Leveraging on its existing solid business operation, the Group will explore every business opportunities to reap satisfactory returns for the shareholders.
Modify operation model in pursuit of production 
The ever-changing economic environment and property market in China required a higher standard in business operation. Since 2008, the Group strengthened the operational management by its headquarters. The Group will take a further step in 2009 to simplify management flow and upgrade decision-making standard for improving quality and efficiency. It is expected to reinforce the Group s capability in matching to the changing 
The Group will look to improve efficiency in production through optimized operation model and cooperation among different 
(3) Prospects of the Group (Continued) Faster property sales for better liquidity and 
With a sound property portfolio and projects in 2009, together with the Group s existing competitive edges such as its high- quality projects, strong sales capacity, optimum pricing strategy and fast sales pace, the Group endeavours to achieve a steady growth in turnover. The Group expects to improve its liquidity and its ability in risk management so as to ensure a safe and solid operation and earn good profit for the Group.
Prudent and moderate land bank strategy The Group will adopt a prudent principle in land bank acquisition and acquire land with great potential and prospects in a moderate manner to meet the development needs for the next three to five years. The Group will sharpen its focus on prosperous areas in first-tier cities while also consider second-tier and third-tier cities where suitable land is available.
Enhance product quality and service standards Sound brand image and customer loyalty can only be built by strenuous efforts in upgrading product quality and service standards. The Group will further invest in project design, research and development and strengthen our construction management in order to enhance our construction and project quality. We strive to consolidate our market leading role by developing high-end and stylish projects for a diversified product mix. For property management service, the Group will enhance service quality by upgrading the standard of our property management company to provide premium and comprehensive services to our clients.
CHU MANG YEE 
Hong Kong, 21st April 2009 