CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee, Chairman In 2015, the Group will follow the guidance of the State s policies while adjusting itself to the market trends, so as to ensure good performance amid control measures and market reform. With the maximization of shareholders value as the ultimate goal, the Group will keep up an optimistic yet prudent attitude and fully utilize the advantages of our sound financial and operation strategy and diversified financing channels. Banking on our core assets, the Group will continue to promote the transformation of corporate strategy and create the highest value for the society.
MARKET ENVIRONMENT AND OPERATION 
1. Overview of the Economic Environment In 2014, China s economy maintained a steady trajectory under the New Norm and presented a positive trend with stable growth, optimized structure and enhanced quality. The gross domestic product (the GDP ) for the year was RMB63,646.3 billion, which grew 7.4% as compared to that of last year. Of which, the increase in value of the tertiary industry was RMB30,673.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.1%.
Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB28,844, representing a growth of 8.0% from the same period last year.
In 2015, Stabilizing Growth, Adjusting Structure remains the top priority for China s macroeconomic development. The Central Economic Work Conference has pointed out that China s economy is evolving into a stage featuring more complex division of labour and more reasonableness in structures. Economic development has also entered into the New Norm which marks the transition from high gear growth to medium-to- high gear growth, from scale and speed-based sprawling growth to quality and efficiency-based integrated growth, and from volume and capacity expansion as the main goal to an in-depth adjustment involving the co-existence of volume adjustment and capacity optimization. In short, the New Norm will remain the overarching principle that guides China s economic development at the present moment and the days to 
2. Overview of Real Estate Market In 2014, regulation for the real estate sector shifted from intense policy intervention to market-oriented adjustment, where policies remain relatively loose. In the second half of the year, measures such as the loosening of Loan Limits and disproportionate interest reduction have inspired confidence in the market and accelerated its rebound.
In general, the real estate sector made steady progress during the year.
The investment in real estate development across the country amounted to RMB9,503.6 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.5%; the paid-in investment for the year of real estate developers was RMB12,199.1 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.1%; the area of commodity housing sold across the country reached 1,206.49 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.6%; the sales of commodity housing across the country amounted to RMB7,629.2 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.3%; the area of land purchased by real estate developers was 333.83 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of 14.0%. At the end of 2014, the available-for-sale area of commodity housing across the country was 621.69 million sq.m., representing an increase of 26.1% from last year.
After nearly three years of in-depth adjustment for the real estate sector, much had changed in the industry s market and business landscape. On the whole, supply and demand for the market was reaching equilibrium while some cities even witnessed excess of supply over demand. A shift in demographic composition led to a more stable number of main consumer group. A New Norm has likewise come into being for the real estate sector. Although the industry saw a rebound at the end of 2014, it is unlikely that the market will experience growth both in quantity and price as before. We are of the opinion that in 2015, the market will slowly tread away from the gloom and regain a steady momentum.
We expect that under the general tendency to stabilize economic growth, the Central Government will continue to implement active fiscal policies and prudent monetary policies in 2015. Meanwhile, policies regarding the real estate sector will remain relatively loose and inventory reduction will be the focal point for the industry s recovery. With regard to the above, we remain positive yet prudent in our efforts to analyze the market and progress steadily forward in the New Norm of the real estate sector.

1. Southern China For Southern China, the Group positioned Guangzhou as the major value driver which extended into other regions with rapid economic growth such as Zhongshan, Huizhou and Foshan. The Group adopted advanced operating strategies and engaged in land bank and project development in prime locations of the said regions. In 2014, approximately 39% of the Group s results were attributable to Southern China.
Guangzhou could be called the centre of economy, technology and culture in Guangdong province or even in the whole Southern China. It is an international metropolis with well-established industrial foundation and advanced tertiary industry. In 2014, Guangzhou s regional GDP amounted to RMB1,670.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.6%. Its economy maintained a steady growth and the quality of the region s operation efficiency was commendable. All together, Guangzhou played a crucial role in supporting the development of the real estate 
In 2014, Guangzhou s economy advanced steadily. Both Strict and Lenient measures were implemented and a number of Highlights were achieved. After undergoing a number of trials involving stabilizing growth, facilitating reform, adjusting structure, augmenting momentum, tending to people s livelihood and averting risks, in the end Guangzhou managed to attain a series of significant improvements during the year and in turn created a favorable environment for the development of the real estate sector. Guangzhou s economic development proved to be a strong catalyst in facilitating the integration of the Pearl River Delta and fortifying the value fusion function of Guangzhou as the centre city of the Delta.
2. Northern China The Group advanced its strategic layout in Northern China, with Beijing as the strategic centre, while Beijing and Tianjin as the main value- generating regions, extending to the Huanbohai area as well as bringing in other key second-and-third-tier cities in Northern China. Northern China has become the most important strategic bastion for the Group, contributing 50% to the Group s results in 2014.
As the capital of China, not only is Beijing the political, economic and cultural centre of the country but also a city of great prominence in the whole Asia and the world. Judging from its recent years of development, Beijing s economy has come to influence wider areas with more penetrating value. Regions such as Heibei, Shanxi and Shandong have also become more closely coordinated with Beijing in their economic development. In 2014, Beijing s economy kept up a rapid pace, with GDP amounting to RMB2,133.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.3%; disposable income per capita of urban households grew 8.9% to RMB43,910 as compared with the same period last year.
Tianjian is the sea gate of the capital of China and was historically the largest city of finance and trading in Northern China. It boasts the largest sea port in Northern China, connecting Northern China with the Northwest and Inner Mongolia and covering a population of more than 100 million. As a result, Tianjin holds great prospects in the Group s peripheral layout, and its rapid coordinated development with Beijing in the future will further enhance the market value of our products.
In 2014, the Group with the aid of its developments in Beijing and Tianjin as a springboard extended its reach deeper into major second-tier cities such as Dalian, Qinhuangdao and Taiyuan. As the development prospects in these regions start to take shape, their contribution to the Group s future development will be immense.
3. Eastern China Centering on Shanghai, the strategic layout of the Group in Eastern China relied heavily on Ningbo, a major city within the Yangtze River Delta Economic Rim, and extended to prosperous second-and-third-tier cities such as Cixi and Kunshan. Eastern China will be a prominent region in terms of the Group s future results growth. In 2014, approximately 11% of the Group s results were attributable to Eastern China.
For the year of 2014, Shanghai achieved steady economic development, with regional GDP amounting to RMB2,356.1 billion, representing a year- on-year increase of 7.0%; disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB47,710 representing a year-on-year increase of 8.8%.
Shanghai has long been an influential world-class city with commodity prices, employment rate, economic growth and market sales remaining stable. Besides, its economic structure has been optimized and its growth quality was further enhanced. Impacted by industry, real estate and financial market, Shanghai s economy faced downward pressure.
Nevertheless, by virtue of the city s strong adaptability and well- coordinated economic versatility, it is predicted that the Shanghai market will maintain its stable and upward momentum in the future.
In 2014, the Group placed Shanghai as its strategic center in Eastern China and thoroughly explored the real estate markets in surrounding major second-and-third-tier cities such as Taicang, Kunshan and Cixi.
With the latter cities serving as support to the core city of Shanghai, the strategic layout for Eastern China, with One Center Radiating Outward In Every Direction , can provide strength and versatility for the Group s future endeavors. As these regional projects materialize in the market, they will be expected to provide greater contributions to the Group s 
PROSPECTS OF THE PRC REAL ESTATE 
Looking ahead to 2015, the world economy will maintain its recovery trend. The global economic landscape will be favorable on the whole but a certain degree of risk and uncertainty is to be expected. Domestically, the projected medium-to-high gear economic growth will likely be under the impact and constraint of a number of short-term, structural and long- term factors. In general, although China s property market will experience a moderate growth in 2015, in the long run however, demand in the real estate sector is sure to face downward pressure.
The loosening of monetary policies in 2015 will conduce to a moderate recovery of the real estate sector. In 2015, real estate enterprises transformation remains the subject matter of the industry. In the future, the real estate sector will tend to branch out into more specific fields such as commercial real estate, tourist real estate, retirement real estate, industrial real estate and real estate agency. Real estate enterprises must pay closer attention to market changes and increase their expertise in order to prepare for the Silvery Age of the real estate sector.
FUTURE PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP As the Central Government further loosens the regulatory measures regarding China s real estate sector, the sector will be more market- oriented. In response, the Group will follow the guidance of the State s policies while adjusting itself to the market trends, so as to ensure good performance amid a new environment characterized by the New Norm control measures and market reform. With the maximization of shareholders value as the ultimate goal, the Group will keep up an optimistic yet prudent attitude and fully utilize the advantages of our sound financial and operation strategy and diversified financing channels.
Banking on our core assets, the Group will continue to improve its monitoring system, contrive new investment structure, establish brand equity, promote the transformation of corporate strategy and create the highest value for the society.
Optimizing the Monitoring System and Fully Implementing an Informatizationed Corporate 
The Group has further consolidated and optimized our corporate structure and management procedures. Through Informatizationed management, the Group managed to achieve a well-coordinated work flow among different regions and projects. We seek to establish an advanced electronic business coordination platform and corporate information gateway that are based on the Internet and fully incorporated within the Group, which will serve the Group s coordinated business needs across different regions and divisions.
Scrutinizing the Land Bank and Strengthening 
The Group will pay close attention to the land market and based on our conditions and market information, carefully select lands suitable for development from our massive land bank, while overseeing the balance among the aggregate development quantity, the ratio between various types of development and the size of our land bank. The Group will thoroughly utilize our land assets in the Huanbohai Economic Zone, the Yangtze River Delta and the Pearl River Delta and explore potential markets, thereby strengthening our strategic deployment across the 
Creating Premium Quality and Establishing Brand 
The Group will adhere to its commitment to offer premium products and provide the most comfortable and luxurious living to its clients. We will continue to put time and effort into creating the quality that our target clients consider as valuable. The Group will maintain a solid operation and focus on improving product quality. By ceaselessly enhancing our service quality, we hope to obtain a substantial boost to our development.
Raising Risk Awareness and Seeking Opportunities in a Volatile Environment In 2015, the Group, carrying forward its prudent developmental objective, will tackle the challenges faced by the real estate sector, including the reduction of incremental margin as well as the transformation and adjustment of the sector, in a proactive manner. In the meantime, the Group will seize favorable opportunities brought forth by China s growing economy, increasing consumer demand and progressing urbanization.

The Group shall persist in employing the spirit of mutualism with integrity and innovation as its strategic guidelines, act in concert, innovate with dedication, faithfully provide market and customers with quality products and services, establish Hopson Development s living ideology with all- encompassing facilities, ensure the Group s healthy and sustainable development, and achieve the maximization of investors interest.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 31st March 2015 