CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee, Chairman In 2015, the Group followed the guidance of the State s policies while adjusting itself to the market trends, so as to strive to achieve stable performance amid the economic situation of the New Norm development of the real estate industry and the deepened market reform. Looking ahead to 2016, the Group will continue to make progress amidst stability and promote corporate development under the new macro- economic situation. With an ultimate goal of maximizing shareholders benefit, the Group will fully leverage on the advantages of its solid operation strategies and diversified financial channels, as well as continue to build on its core assets to realize its strategic transformation of business diversification.
MARKET ENVIRONMENT AND OPERATION 
1. Overview of the Economic Environment In 2015, China s economy continued to maintain mid- to high-speed growth under the New Norm. The gross domestic product (the GDP ) for the year was RMB67,670.8 billion, which grew 6.9% as compared to that of last year. Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB31,195, representing a growth of 8.2% from the same period last 
2016 marks the launch of the 13th Five-Year Plan of China s economy.
On one hand, China s economy is confronted with problems and challenges such as structural overcapacity; while on the other hand, the current economic fundamentals are positive, with high potential, strong resilience and great room to recover. The Central Economic Work Conference has pointed out that understanding the New Norm, adjusting to the New Norm and leading the New Norm will remain the overarching principles that guide China s economic development at the present moment and the days to come . On this basis and under the requirement of leading the New Norm of economic development, although China s economic growth has slowed down, more emphasis was placed on improvements in development quality and efficiency when pursuing development. Through promoting Supply Side Reforms , China s economy could continue to keep the goal of mid- to high-speed growth with an average annual growth of over 6.5%.
2. Overview of Real Estate Market In 2015, the real estate policy adhered to the general tone of Promoting Consumption and Trimming Inventory . Loose policies on both supply and demand sides were frequently introduced to facilitate steady recovery of the market volume and price while the environment of industry has improved significantly. From the view of the demand side, measures introduced by the central government, such as repeatedly lowering deposit reserve ratio, interest rate and down payment, and reducing tax expenses, have lowered home buying cost and promoted the demand for entering the market. Local policies were adjusted flexibly; a series of measures, such as reduction of tax expenses, financial subsidies, cancellation of purchase and non-resident limitations, were adopted to stimulate consumption. From the view of the supply side, scale was controlled and structure was adjusted in land supply, hence improving the market environment.
In general, the real estate sector made steady progress during the year.
The investment in real estate development across the country amounted to RMB9,597.9 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.0%; the paid-in investment for the year of real estate developers was RMB12,520.3 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.6%; the area of commodity housing sold across the country reached 1,284.95 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 6.5%; the sales of commodity housing across the country amounted to RMB8,728.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.4%; the area of land purchased by real estate developers was 228.11 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of 31.7%.
After the real estate industry has entered into the New Norm, the government emphasized more on the important roles of real estate industry in promoting consumption and boosting investments in the face of the current decelerating economic growth rate and relatively huge inventory pressure. Policies have been focused on exploring consumption potential of real estate and stimulating demand to enter the market with a view to further recovering and boosting confidence in investment. With the support of a series of policies, huge market demand was unleashed and the overall recovery trend of the real estate market was basically 
With respect to cities of different tier, the policies have relatively obvious effects on first-tier cities and some of the key second-tier cities. However, impacts on third-and-fourth-tier cities are relatively limited as indicated by the continuous huge inventory pressure; some cities lack subsequent sales momentum and still required the impetus from further policy 
In 2016, under the background of the macro policy of Strive for Solving Excess Capacity and Real Estate Inventory required by the Central Economic Work Conference, policies regarding the real estate sector will remain relatively loose and inventory reduction will be the focal point for the general recovery of the market. Under active response to the Supply Side Reforms , real estate industry will still be able to maintain steady development. At the same time, the new situation will also be favourable for real estate enterprises to actively carry out transformation and development towards diversification and this will also be a favourable timing to get well-prepared for future development.

1. Southern China For Southern China, the Group positioned Guangzhou as the major value driver which extended into other regions with rapid economic growth such as Zhongshan, Huizhou and Foshan. The Group adopted advanced operating strategies and engaged in land bank and project development in prime locations of the said regions. In 2015, approximately 32% of the Group s results were attributable to Southern China.
Guangzhou could be called the centre of economy, technology and culture in Guangdong province or even in the whole Southern China. It is an international metropolis with well-established industrial foundation. In 2015, Guangzhou s regional GDP amounted to RMB1,810.041 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.4%. Its economy maintained a steady growth in general and the quality of the region s operation efficiency was commendable. Altogether, Guangzhou played a crucial role in supporting the development of the real estate sector.
In 2015, Guangzhou s economy advanced steadily and positively in general. The city effectively coped with economic downward pressure and achieved steady economic growth. Facing the complicated domestic and foreign environment, Guangzhou city insisted on putting development as the top priority to achieve balanced growth of consumption, investments and external demand which in turn jointly promoted steady economic development. Guangzhou s robust economic development has supported the rapid integration of the Pearl River Delta and fortified the value fusion function of Guangzhou as the central city of the Delta.
2. Northern China Currently, the Group s main value generating regions in Northern China, which influence has extended to key second-and-third-tier cities in Huanbohai Economic Zone, center on Beijing with Tianjin assuming the supporting role. In 2015, approximately 26% of the Group's results were attributable to Northern China.
As the capital of China, not only is Beijing the political, economic and cultural centre of the country but also a city of great prominence in the whole Asia and the world. Judging from its development in recent years, Beijing s economy has come to influence wider areas with more penetrating power. Regions such as Hebei, Shanxi and Shandong have also become more closely coordinated with Beijing in their economic development. In 2015, Beijing s economy kept up a rapid pace, with GDP amounting to RMB2,296.86 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.9%; disposable income per capita of urban households grew 8.9% to RMB52,859 as compared with the same period last year.
As the sea gate of the capital of China, Tianjian is the economic center in the Huanbohai Area which is to be gradually developed into an international port city, an economic center in the north as well as an ecological city. Tianjian was historically the largest city of finance and trading in Northern China. It boasts the largest sea port in Northern China, connecting Northern China with the Northwest and Inner Mongolia and covering a population of more than 100 million. As a result, in the Group s outer suburban layout, Tianjin has great prospects. In the future, along with the development trend of the integration of Beijing-Tianjin- Hebei area, the value of Tianjin s real estate market will further increase.
In 2015, the Group leveraged on the favourable policy opportunity of the coordinated development of Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei to actively promote the development of both Beijing and Tianjin and continued to promote its projects in key second-tier cities such as Dalian, Qinhuangdao and Taiyuan. As development in these regions starts to take shape, these projects will contribute to the Group s income in the future.
3. Eastern China Centering on Shanghai, the strategic layout of the Group in Eastern China relied heavily on Ningbo, a major city within the Yangtze River Delta Economic Rim, and extended to prosperous second-and-third-tier cities such as Cixi and Kunshan. In 2015, approximately 42% of the Group s results were attributable to Eastern China.
For the year of 2015, Shanghai s economy was progressing steadily; GDP of the city reached RMB2,496.499 billion with an increase of 6.9% over the previous year. The per capita disposable income of urban and rural permanent residents increased 8.4% and 9.5% respectively over the previous year. Shanghai has long been an influential world-class city with stable commodity prices, employment rate, economic growth and market sales. In 2016, Shanghai will focus on stepping up reform and opening- up efforts with establishment of Free Trade Agreement ( FTA ) pilot area as the key initiative and accelerating the establishment of the Technology Innovation Center with global influence. By virtue of the city s strong adaptability and well-coordinated economic versatility, it is predicted that the Shanghai market will maintain its stable and upward momentum in 
In 2015, the Group placed Shanghai as its strategic center in Eastern China and surrounding second-and-third-tier key cities as main supporting points. The Group carried out supply side reforms in cities such as Taicang, Kunshan and Cixi while bringing down inventory level by capitalizing on local market demand. Such initiatives have realized the strategic layout with One Center Radiating Outward In Every Direction for Eastern China.
PROSPECTS OF THE PRC REAL ESTATE 
Looking ahead to 2016, there will be a lot of uncertainties in macro- economy. Through deepened reforms, China s economy is expected to maintain steady growth. In general, China s overall real estate market will be relatively steady in 2016 while differentiation among different cities will 
It is expected that in 2016, the further loosening of monetary policies and the central government s encouragement on inventory reduction will conduce to a moderate recovery of the real estate market. In the future, the real estate industry will be subdivided into segments such as commercial real estate, tourism real estate, retirement real estate and industrial real estate. Therefore, traditional real estate enterprises must focus more on achieving diversified development, expanding upstream and downstream industry chain, closely aligning with capital market and achieving breakthrough towards the directions of informatization and megadata so as to lead the industry development trend under the New 
FUTURE PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP As the Central Government further loosens the regulatory measures regarding China s real estate sector, the sector will be more market- oriented. In response, the Group will follow the guidance of the State s policies while adjusting itself to the market trends, so as to strive to achieve stable performance amid a new environment characterized by the New Norm control measures and market reform. The Group will continue to be optimistic yet prudent and adhere to the ultimate goal of maximizing shareholders benefit. To achieve this, the Group will fully leverage on the advantages of its solid operation strategies and diversified financial channels. The Group will also build on its core assets and make continuous efforts to optimize its management and control system, establish its brand and promote its strategic transformation of business 
Optimizing the Monitoring System and Implementing an Informatizationed Corporate 
The Group will, in all aspects, promote its operation towards standardization, systematism, informatization and fine management so as to facilitate high integration of the real estate market and the capital market, promote diversified development and realize transformation and development. Through Informatizationed management, the Group managed to achieve a well-coordinated work flow among different regions and projects. With the goal of serving the Group s coordinated business needs across different regions and divisions, we seek to establish a business coordination platform and corporate information portal based on the Internet and electronic integration.
Scrutinizing the Land Bank and Strengthening 
To actively develop our massive land reserve, the Group will continue to optimize its product structure through development of land reserve while paying close attention to the land market and actively participating in the Urban Renewal and Redevelopment projects in accordance with our conditions and market trend to obtain land resources with the best quality in city centers. The Group will emphasize on coordinating the relations among the aggregate development quantity, the proportion of various types of development and the total size of our land bank. The Group will continue to fully develop its lands in Huanbohai Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta with the goal of strengthening its strategic deployment across the country.
Extending Business Coverage and Promoting 
The Group will actively explore new business areas in upstream and downstream real estate industries. Besides continuously pursuing stable development in residential real estate and commercial real estate, the Group will strive to expand the source of operating income from various property management services through establishing industrial real estate, under which the Group will provide rental service and park integrated services for enterprises which operate in the industrial parks.
Creating Premium Quality and Establishing Brand 
The Group will adhere to its commitment to offer premium products so as to provide the most comfortable and highest quality living to home owners. At the same time, the Group will maintain a solid operation and focus on improving product quality. By ceaselessly enhancing our service quality, we hope to obtain a substantial boost to our development as well as establishing brand assets.
Raising Risk Awareness and Seeking Opportunities in a Volatile Environment In 2016, the Group will continue to develop in a prudent manner and lead the development situation of the real estate industry under the New Norm. At the same time, the Group will seize the favourable opportunities brought about by more comprehensive economic reforms and effective demand and supply of the real estate market to achieve significant development of the Group.

The Group shall persist in employing the spirit of mutualism with integrity and innovation as its strategic guidelines, act in concert, innovate with dedication, faithfully provide market and customers with quality products and services, establish Hopson Development s living ideology with all- encompassing facilities, ensure the Group s healthy and sustainable development, and achieve the maximization of investors interest.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 30th March 2016 