CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
The Group continued to adopt a prudent approach in 2010 and achieved satisfactory operating results during the year. The Group remains prudently optimistic about the property market conditions in 2011 and strives to achieve steady growth in its results and reap high investment returns.
The Group continued to adopt a prudent approach in 2010 and leveraged on its unparalleled strengths, first-class capabilities of property development and sophisticated internal control mechanism to maintain a stable business operation with emphasis on balance and improvement.
The Group achieved satisfactory operating results during the year.
Thanks to better product portfolio, balanced regional development and professional division of labour, turnover of the Group for the year ended 31st December 2010 amounted to HK$14,379 million, representing an increase of 28% compared to 2009. Net asset per share grew 22% to 
(1) MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING ENVIRONMENT IN 2010 (i) National market 1. Economic environment overview The national GDP of 2010 was RMB39,798.3 billion, grew 10.3% from last year and the growth rate rose 1.1 percentage points when compared to that of last year.
The total income per capita of urban households was RMB21,033, representing a growth of 11.5% from last year. The balance of national foreign exchange reserve reached US$2,847.3 billion, jumped 18.7% from last 
2010 was the last year of the 4,000-billion yuan investment plan. The stimulus measures introduced by the government led to ample market liquidity and faster macro-economy growth. The GDP growth rate reached 10% again. However, in face of the overheating economy and inflation, the government took gradual steps to cool down the economy through tightening of monetary policies, rising of both capital adequacy ratio and interest rate so as to create a more favourable economic environment for steady development of the real estate market.
2. Real estate market overview In 2010, excess market liquidity and feverish speculative activities led to rapid escalation of house prices that drew the attention of the government. To restrain rising property prices for a steady and healthy real estate market, the government launched a series of austerity policies to curb speculative activities. The adoption of differential credit plan, together with the increase in housing supply, tightening of market regulations and introduction of home purchase limits in certain overheating cities alleviated market imbalance in the short run and affected the volume of housing transactions. However, in the long run, these austerity policies are favourable to the sector, developers and customers since they helped maintain an orderly market and create a more stable and healthy market environment for industry players.
Thanks to the substantial demand arising from full economic recovery, urbanisation, urban village redevelopment and residents desire for better housings, the PRC property market maintained an upward trend in 2010. Investment in real estate development for the year was RMB4,826.7 billion, up 32% from last year. The gross floor area of commodity housing sold and sales of commodity housing were 1,043 million sq.m. and RMB5,250 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.1% and 18.3% respectively.
We believe that the positive momentum of the marco- economy, pace of urbanization and urban village redevelopment, introduction of regional stimulus plans, construction of high speed rail network and large supply of work force will remain unchanged in China, the real estate market in first-tier and second to third-tier cities still offer vast market opportunities and promising prospects. However, we expects that the government will continue to implement austerity policies such as monetary policies to increase interest rate to tackle with inflation and overheating of economy, which will adversely affect the transactions of housings in the short run. In line with the changes in the market, the Group will adopt proactive measures, modify product portfolio and tap better income sources to ensure sustainable growth of its results.
(ii) Regional markets 1. Southern China With Guangzhou as its core in southern China, the Group expands its business to neighbouring cities with vast potential such as Foshan and Zhongshan, and speeds up development progress of existing projects in the region. Through actively exploring new land bank resources and involving in urban village redevelopment, the Group managed to acquire adequate resources for future development in the region and enhance its market position in the area.
In terms of geographical locations, cities can be divided into two levels, namely centre and gateway. Generally, cities located in these two geographical areas enjoy greater opportunities and stronger capabilities in development. Guangzhou is one of the few cities in the PRC that possesses both edges as a centre and a gateway city geographically. As the forefront of reformation and opening up, Guangzhou managed to achieve a GDP of over RMB1,000 billion in 2010, making it the third city after Beijing and Shanghai in the PRC to have a GDP of over RMB1,000 billion. Guangzhou also ranked third among other cities in the PRC in terms of aggregate economic output. The city maintains positive economic momentum which provides solid foundation for the stable growth of the real estate market.
As the status of Guangzhou as a national central city is further enhanced with the commencement of the Wuhan-Guangzhou High Speed Railway and reinforcement of the integration of Guangzhou and Foshan strategy, it offers new growth momentum to the local real estate market. The success of the 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games not only reinforced the domestic and international reputation of Guangzhou but also brought new opportunities to the city s real estate 
Property price in Guangzhou is relatively low when compared with Beijing, Shanghai and other first-tier cities in the PRC. However, the Guangzhou real estate market is expected to generate vast market opportunities following improvement of urban development network of the city and development of the one-hour Economic Zone of the Pearl River Delta. The Group will expand its business to enhance its leading position in Guangzhou real estate market. With Guangzhou as its core, the Group will extend to regions and cities in the Pearl River Delta with vast potential.
As a natural extension of Shenzhen and an important coastal city in the Pearl River Delta region, Huizhou has a relatively strong transfer capability. The execution of the Outline of the Plan for the Reform and Development of the Pearl River Delta Region speeded up the integration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou and led to closer connection between Hong Kong and Macau. Urban railway and transportation network in Huizhou was further improved. The integration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou will facilitate regional development and cooperation. Along with industrial transformation, economy of Huizhou will flourish with tremendous opportunities. A few years ago, the Group foresaw the economic growth and housing demands in Huizhou and implemented effective business strategy to develop medium to high-end projects such as Huizhou Regal Riviera Bay, Huizhou Golf Manor and Hopson International New City and established renowned brand name and leading market position in the region. The strategy was proven to be successful as projects in Huizhou recorded significant growth in sales from last year. We anticipate that Huizhou will become the Group s sub-centre in southern China and is going to generate greater revenue to the Group in the coming 
2. Northern China The current strategy of the Group in northern China is to consider Beijing as its core, with both cities of Beijing and Tianjin as central development zones that extend to cities in the Huanbohai area and major second and third- tier cities in northern China. Being an important forefront of the Group, northern China region contributed 41% to the Group s results in 2010.
As the national capital, a cosmopolitan and a renowned cultural and historical city, Beijing attracts talents across a wide spectrum of industries and its position as a core city for national economic development was further strengthened. In 2010, the economy of Beijing maintained rapid growth with regional GDP rose 10.2% to hit RMB1,377.79 billion. Retail sales of consumer goods and disposal income per capita of households also recorded rapid growth with disposal income per capita of urban households amounted to RMB29,073, up 8.7%.
The overall national economy grew at a rapid pace.
Being the focus of austerity measures, property market of Beijing remained feverish during 2010 with rising investment in real estate development and selling price, thanks to regular demand for property and the demand to improve living standards and for investment purposes.
Investment in real estate development for the year was RMB290.11 billion, up 24.1% from last year. In particular, investment in residential housing reached RMB150.9 billion, up 66.4%, investment in office buildings amounted to RMB25.91 billion, rose 55.4% and investment in properties for business purpose was RMB33.63 billion, jumped 67.5%. The real estate market witnessed strong growth momentum.
During the reporting period, the Group further consolidated its position in the Beijing market. The Group s projects in Beijing were well received in the market because of its prominent development concept, leading service quality and high performance-price ratio.
Sales of No. 8 Xiaoyun Road project ranked top among all high-end projects in the Beijing region for five consecutive months, which established a leading position and set a standard in the high-end property market in the region. In addition, the Group s medium to high-end projects such as Hopson Dreams World and Hopson Kylin Zone in Beijing were also well received by customers for their well-developed regional facilities and high appreciation potential. Selling price increased significantly as anticipated. The Beijing real estate market is expected to generate better sales for the Group in the future along with the continuous economic development of the capital city and successful execution of the Capital Economic Circle Strategy.
Along with the development of Binhai new area, Tianjin is another important city in the Huanbohai area that witnessed robust economic growth in 2010 with national GDP exceeded RMB900 billion and hit RMB910.883 billion, up approximately 17.4% from last year. Both the land market and property market maintained strong and rapid growth. In 2010, the average transaction price of newly-built commodity housings in Tianjin was RMB9,270 per sq.m., rose 25.02% from 2009. Area of land plots sold was 55.9674 million sq.m. involving considerations of RMB87.893 billion and a growth rate of 20.87%. Geographical distribution of land transactions showed that there is a lack of land supply in city centre and land plots in remote areas dominated the land market. The real estate market in remote areas is expected to be increasingly active in the future. The Group owns premium land bank located in prime areas in the city centre of Tianjin which are of high profitability. In Baodi District of Tianjin, the Group adopted regional development strategy for its Jingjin New Town project. Products were launched successively in respective regions and were well received by customers with satisfactory sales performance. The region will show impressive growth in the future and Tianjin region will make greater contributions to the Group s results.
3. Eastern China Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone was regarded by the Group as an important hub for future business growth, where Shanghai is the Group s core city with Ningbo and Hangzhou as neighbours. In 2010, the Group successfully extended its footprint into second and third- tier cities with vast development potential, namely Kunshan of Jiangsu and Cixi of Zhejiang. About 20% of turnover was generated from eastern China region. We expects the region will generate more income to the Group when the projects on the new land plots acquired during the reporting period are launched to the market.
As the leading city in China s economic development, Shanghai continued to maintain strong growth momentum in 2010 with GDP amounted to RMB1,687.242 billion for the year, grew 9.9% from last year. Aggregate sales of commodities reached RMB3,738.325 billion, rose 24.2% from last year and disposal income of urban households was RMB31,838, up 10.4% from last year.
The strategy of building a world-class city and the success of the 2010 Shanghai World Expo not only reinforced the domestic and international reputation of Shanghai, but also benefited the macro economy and infrastructural facilities which help boost the growth of different sectors and bring new opportunities to the city s real estate market.
During the year, the Group has successfully established its strategic foothold in eastern China. Leading high-end projects in the Shanghai real estate market such as Dongjiao Villa and Sheshan Dongziyuan were popular among customers. The Group maintained its leading position in the villa market of Shanghai in terms of transaction volume and average selling price and remained the benchmark of Shanghai luxury villa market.
In the city centre, the Group successfully acquired premium land plots in Guang Fu Lin and Sanlin. When these projects are launched, the Group s position in the Shanghai market will be consolidated and enhanced.
Meanwhile, the Group s strategy to consider Shanghai as its core and expand to neighbouring second and third-tier cities has proven to be successful. The Group successfully entered cities such as Kunshan of Jiangsu and other regions. When these new projects are launched to the market, it is anticipated that the eastern China region will contribute more to the Group s 
(2) PROSPECTS OF THE PRC PROPERTY SECTOR Looking ahead to 2011, there will be further tightening of monetary policies to tackle overheating macro economy and inflation pressure.
Driven by global economic recovery, industrial transformation and changing mode of economic growth, macro economy will witness stable growth. As mentioned above, favourable factors such as urbanisation, regional stimulus plans, urban village redevelopment and construction of high speed rail network will generate substantial demand in the real estate market. Given the inelastic land supply, the problem of imbalance in the real estate market is not likely to be resolved in the short run. The real estate market is having a 
The authority will continue to implement the series of market curbs such as differential interest rate and home purchase limits in 2011, the sector will witness a tug-of-war between government policies and the market. This helps maintain an orderly and healthy property market and favourable to the development of the sector in the long run. However, these measures will inevitably lead to wait-and-see sentiment of home-buyers which will adversely affect market transactions in the short run. Nevertheless, the accumulated demand is ready for release in the market. In 2011, the real estate market will witness structural adjustment and growth amid fluctuating market conditions. There will be changes in market demand and supply and product mix.
(3) PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP The Group remains prudently optimistic about the property market conditions in 2011 as we expects the authority may keep its austerity measures following its tightening monetary policies in 2011. While risk and opportunity coexist, the possible structural adjustments in the market will provide the Group with new opportunities. The Group will persist in optimising its internal control mechanism and management system and at the same time making necessary adjustment in response to market demand. The Group will adopt the principle strategy which emphasizes balance and enhancement to maintain a well-balanced business structure and product portfolio.
Product quality will be enhanced to further consolidate and advance the Group s leading position in the industry. The Group aims to achieve steady growth in its results and reap high investment 
Response to market changes for business 
In view of market uncertainties, the Group will enhance its adaptability for better resilience against the risk of market fluctuations. Initiatives will be made on three levels: first of all, to enhance management efficiency, reinforce operations mechanism for higher synergies and simplify procedures and work flow to upgrade execution capability. Secondly, to maintain a solid financial position, strengthen its financial base and ensure a healthy financial position for stability and sustainability. Lastly, to implement the strategy of construction according to sales progress , to closely monitor market trend and enhance flexibility in construction and sales for better control of development progress in response to changes in market conditions.
Improve product mix for a well-balanced 
The Group will maintain a business portfolio with residential property sales as its focus and an appropriate portion in commercial projects. A reasonable proportion of investment properties and properties for sale will be maintained while at the same time investment in commercial properties will be increased to tap a stable source of cash revenue and higher return from property appreciation, on condition that the Group s asset turnover rate and healthy operations are not affected. On the other hand, the Group will modify its strategic regional planning and sharpen its focus on second and third-tier cities which are more stable and less affected by austerity measures in order to diversify the risk of market centralisation. Moreover, the Group will maintain or increase the proportion of high-end projects to secure higher investment return and safeguard its core competitive edge of high margin. The Group will also speed up development and sales of medium to high-end projects to provide sufficient operating cash flow to mitigate risks arising from tightening monetary policies and to ensure its healthy 
Enhance product quality and competitiveness Product quality is the key to success in market competition. The Group is in pursuit of continuous quality improvement for higher performance-price ratio and added value. To provide customers with quality and exquisite homes, the Group will further improve construction work management and quality control in order to consolidate its market leading role in terms of overall construction quality. The Group will strictly implement its development of more commercial projects strategy and facilitate the construction of clubhouses and quality hotels, invite strategic partners to create upgraded living community and provide value-added services to improve the quality of property services. Our projects will be more competitive with improved performance-price ratio, added value and 
Consolidate the status as an industry leader The Group strives to be a leading developer engaged in quality properties. In the coming years, we will focus to purse quality excellence to keep our brand recognition which is one of our core competitive edges. The Group will strengthen the management and quality control of its product by modifying the development flow, which includes design layout, material procurement, construction supervision, sales and marketing in order to consolidate its status as an industry leader.
Pursue timely land bank replenishment As mentioned above, the Group will response to market changes with flexibility. For land bank replenishment, we will keep our prudent manner and acquire land bank in suitable locations so as to maintain a balanced product portfolio and business development. In 2011, the Group will uphold its prudent yet flexible land bank strategy with an emphasis on the performance-price ratio of land plots. The Group will acquire land plots with great appreciation potential in first-tier cities of the Yangtze River Delta, Huanbohai area and Pearl River Delta by phases and in a moderate manner with an aim for a balanced development between investment projects and properties for sales, an optimal proportion of high-end projects and medium to high-end projects, and appropriate distribution of projects between first-tier cities and second to third-tier cities.

On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all members of the management and staff for their relentless efforts in making the year a successful one for the Group. I would also like to thank our shareholders, investors, business associates and customers for their great support, help and trust. We are confident that we can bring better returns to our shareholders in the 
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 31st March 2011 