CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee, Chairman 
In 2013, amid stable domestic economic growth and generally steady austerity measures on real estate, the Group continued to show a strong operating momentum. In 2014, the Group holds an optimistic view prudently towards the property market and is well-prepared to ensure a better performance under the normalized control measures and market reform environment.
In 2013, China s economy achieved stable growth and the austerity measures on real estate stabilized generally. Under such backdrop, the Group continued to adhere to the strategy of solid operation, relied on extensive development and management experience, comprehensive system and scientific operation concept, through which the Company continued to show a strong operating momentum. As at 31st December 2013, the Group realised an annual turnover of HK$15,648 million, increased 57.6% as compared to the same period in 2012, the net assets per share amounted to HK$24.56, down 5.2%.
1. Market Overview and Operating 
(1) National Market 1. Overview of the Economic Environment In 2013, China s economy achieved stable growth and showed a positive trend. The GDP for the year was RMB56,884.5 billion, which grew 7.7% as compared to that of the last year. It was attributable to the increase in value of the tertiary industry of RMB26,220.4 billion, up 8.3% year-on-year. Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB26,955, representing a growth of 9.7% from last year.
In 2014, the Central Economic Work Conference emphasised on achieving stable growth, fostering reform and innovation and coordinating to strive for steady growth, structural adjustment and the promotion of reform in order to drive the economy forward steadily within a reasonable range. Besides, efforts will also be made in changing the economic growth models as well as deepening the reform of economic systems in order to establish a unified, open, competitive and orderly market system. Under such system, the market will act as a decisive factor of resource allocation and the promotion of continuous and healthy economic development.
Although the stable macroeconomic environment created favourable condition for the development of the real estate industry, the increasingly market- oriented opportunities and challenges to be faced by the real estate industry under the reformative and innovative social environment shall not be overlooked.
2. Overview of Real Estate Market In 2013, China continued to enhance control measures on property market. The introduction of The Five Directives and its implementation rules manifested the new leadership s determination of property control. The policies aimed at further suppressing investment and speculation and protecting rigid and upgrading property demand.
Benefited from the huge demand for upgrading purposes and rigid demand, the property market experienced strong recovery in 2013. During the year, the national investment in real estate development amounted to RMB8,601.3 billion, represented a year- on-year increase of 19.8%; the paid-in investment for the year of real estate developers was RMB12,212.2 billion, up 26.5% year-on-year; the area of commodity housing sold reached 1,305.51 million sq.m., which grew 17.3% as compared to that of the last year; the total construction area of property developers was 6,655.72 million sq.m., representing a growth of 16.1% from last year; the new construction area in housing was 2,012.08 million sq.m., which recorded a year-on-year increase of 13.5%.
The Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of China s Communist Party emphasised on accelerating market economy transformation, reducing government intervention and speeding up formation of independently-operated enterprises. A more efficient and sustainable economic development was promoted by fair competition and transparent market rules. The Group was of the view that the future development of the property market will be more market-oriented and standardised and the development prospect of the industry is bright.
Meanwhile, we should be aware that the real estate industry is experiencing adjustment and reform, under which macro-control measures are increasingly becoming normal practices; the long-standing mechanism of real estate is being established and improved; the environment of currency and credit is changing; the industry is becoming more and more concentrated; and the competition in the industry is heading to the diversified way. The development of real estate enterprises will be affected by critical factors such as financing strategy, product innovation, development strategy and cost control. The Group reasonably seized opportunities amid market adjustment and further developed first-tier cities and core assets in an orderly manner. Meanwhile, the Group made continuous efforts to innovate operation mode, optimise product structure, balance business portfolio and expand financing channel. Our goal is to further enhance risk resilience capability and market competitiveness so as to realise the continuous and stable growth in operation scale.
(2) Regional Markets 1. Southern China Southern China is one of the three core regions of the Group s national planning. With Guangzhou as the core in southern China, the Group continued to expand the business to the cities in Pearl River Delta Region with strong comprehensive strength such as Zhongshan, Huizhou and Shenzhen in 2013. Within this region, the Group continued to enhance the market development efforts of industrial real estate and commercial real estate so as to innovate the business mode of the Group in Southern China and create the Group s benchmarking position in commercial real estate and industrial real estate sectors in Southern China. In 2013, Southern China contributed 50% to the Group s result.
As one of the most robust cities in China, Guangzhou features the regional advantages of being the core and integrated gateway city and possessing enormous clustering and radiating forces in Pearl River Delta Region. Since the reform and opening up, the economic development of Guangzhou was rapid since 2010, its GDP surpassed RMB1,000 billion with competitive strength in the top rankings among cities.
Even under the complicated domestic and overseas environment in 2013, the city s economy was on the positive track, with GDP recorded at RMB1,542.014 billion, up 11.6% as compared to last year. The solid economic performance and the improvement of the residents living standard laid a sound foundation for the sustainable development of the real estate industry. In this year, some of the Group s projects in Guangzhou achieved remarkable sales results, Hopson Regal Riviera continued to report impressive sales and recorded growth in both sales volume and price with annual sales reaching RMB1.3 billion; in addition, the opening of Hopson International Plaza and the further launch of Hopson Plaza enriched the product line of the Group and promoted diversified 
As the sub-centre of Pearl River Delta and benefited from the continuous integration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou, the economy and real estate industry of Huizhou have excellent development opportunities. In 2013, Huizhou realized GDP growth of 13.6% to RMB267.835 billion compared to last year.
In the year, the area of commodity housing constructed in Huizhou increased 26.9% to 58.1067 million sq.m. as compared to the previous year; the new construction area in housing grew 33.8% year- on-year to 14.6738 million sq.m.; the area of commodity housing sold rose 39.0% year-on-year to 11.4946 million sq.m.; the sales amount of commodity housing increased 40.5% as compared to same period last year to RMB67.211 billion. The Group seized the opportunity offered by the rapid development in Huizhou and focused on the development of the projects of Hopson Regal Bay, Hopson Xiaogui Bay and Hopson International New City. Among these projects, Hopson Regal Bay received impressive market response with annual sales amount of approximately RMB500 million.
In 2014, with the perfect completion of Huge Development in Four Years of Reform and Development Program of Pearl River Delta Region (2008 2020), the strategic implementation of Great Leap in Nine Years and the promotion of new urbanisation of Pearl River Delta Region, the Group will continue to consolidate and deepen strategic arrangement in Southern China, fully utilise the existing assets and enrich product mix, optimise the product structure and the launching pace of new properties. The Group will put more effort on selling new properties at the critical time in order to strive for a better business result in Southern China.
2. Northern China The Group established the strategic layout in Northern China, with Beijing and Tianjin as the core, and extending to neighbouring areas as well as connecting the neighbouring cities of Dalian and Taiyuan. As an important strategic hub of the Group, Northern China contributed 41% to the Group s results in 2013.
As the capital and the political, economic and cultural centre of China, Beijing ranked first in China in terms of GDP and disposable income per capita. During the whole year, the total amount of realised GDP in Beijing increased 7.7% to RMB1,950.06 billion as compared to the same period last year; disposable income per capita of urban households grew 10.6% to RMB40,321 comparing with the same period last year.
The real estate market in Beijing rebounded strongly in 2013, in the year, the realised investment in real estate development increased 10.5% to RMB348.34 billion comparing with the same period last year; the area of commodity housing constructed grew 5.8% year-on-year to 138.869 million sq.m.; the new construction area in commodity housing rose 11% to 35.775 million sq.m. comparing with the same period last year. The Group seized the opportunity in the thawing market of Beijing and paid more effort in selling the properties pinpointing at the rigid demand and demand for upgrading purposes. During the reporting period, the Group achieved a remarkable result in Beijing market with a higher performance- price ratio, a leading product development concept and a diversified product system. Hopson No. 8 Royal Park broke record with average selling price reaching RMB160,000 per sq.m., realised the delivery and acceptance of property in this year, and continued to establish a benchmark in the high-end market.
Hopson World Garden remained as the best-selling properties in Yizhuang District, with annual sales amount of approximately RMB1.3 billion. Hopson Regal Park continued to record impressive sales with extremely high performance-price ratio and appreciation potential as well as realizing annual sales amount of approximately RMB2.7 billion and securing top 10 sales amount and area sold in Beijing.
With the support of policies, Tianjin, as a gateway city in Huanbohai Economic Zone, leveraged the geopolitical advantage of adjoining Beijing and speeded up the transformation in development, with economic growth rate ranking among the top in China.
In the year, the realised GDP of Tianjin increased 12.5% to RMB1,437.016 billion comparing to the same period last year; disposable income per capita of urban households grew 10.2% to RMB32,658 as compared with the same period last year. The Group seized the opportunity of the rapid development of Binhai New District and expanded the district planning in a timely manner. Hopson Belvedere Bay in the district contributed a sales amount of approximately RMB370 million to the Group in the year, hence extending the influence of the Group in Tianjin.
In 2014, the Group will continue to increase the development efforts in Beijing and Tianjin and monitor the markets in Taiyuan and Dalian so as to expand the effect of branding efforts.
3. Eastern China The strategic layout of the Group in Eastern China centered on Shanghai, and extended to crucial cities such as Kunshan and Ningbo. The Group strived to explore the market potential in that area, perfect the coverage and enhance our comprehensive competitiveness in this area. As the important region of the future result growth of the Group, Eastern China contributed 9% to the business result of the 
As the central city of China and an international metropolis, Shanghai ranked first among Chinese cities in terms of aggregate economic amount. In 2013, Shanghai maintained a steady and healthy economic development. In the year, the realised regional GPD increased 7.7% to RMB2,160.212 billion comparing with the same period last year; disposable income per capita of urban households grew 9.1% to RMB43,851 as compared to the same period last year.
The favourable economic development laid a solid foundation for the healthy operation of the real estate 
In 2013, the property market in Shanghai experienced rapid growth in development and investments, received sufficient capital for construction and saw robust demand. In the year, the development investment in real estate was RMB281.959 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.4%; the paid-up funding of the construction of real estate projects amounted to RMB685.129 billion, which increased by 28.9% as compared to the same period of last year; the sales area of the newly-constructed commodity housing was 23.822 million sq.m., which grew 25.5% year-on-year. In this year, the Group actively carried out marketing activities in Shanghai, Hopson Times Garden continued to be well received by the market, with sales amount to approximately RMB1.2 billion, which further consolidated the Group s market position in Shanghai. Furthermore, the Group devoted itself to the development efforts in Shanghai s commercial property and continued to develop the scarce resources in prime and core locations in an attempt to make more contribution to the results and the appreciation gain of the Group.
In 2014, the Group will focus on increasing the development efforts in Eastern China and insist to maintain the core advantages with high-quality projects such as Hopson Sheshan Dongziyuan and Hopson Dongjiao Villa. In order to secure stable growth in results, the Group will also pay attention to optimize product structure and sales of product as well as intensifying supply efforts.
2. Prospects of the PRC Real Estate Sector Looking ahead to 2014, the Chinese economy will continue to seek progress in its stable growth and the macro economy will continue to grow steadily. However, amidst the complicated domestic and overseas economic environment, the risk of economic fluctuation still lingers. The development of the industry will simultaneously encounter land, taxation and financial reform. At the same time, the Third Plenary Session of the 18th Central Committee of China s Communist Party has emphasised on actively and properly promoting market-oriented reform both in scope and depth. These outline the general principles of the future development of the industry, which is largely reducing Government s direct allocation of resources , promoting resource allocation in accordance with market rules and satisfying various needs by building a supply system primarily focused on the market . Opportunities and challenges will coexist in the development of the industry.

The large number of joint industries in the real estate sector gives significant momentum to economic development while the promotion of urbanization increases household income. It is expected in 2014, upgrading demand will become the main driving force for the steady development of residential market.
Meanwhile, the acceleration of market transformation will also release the enormous potential of the pension real estate, commercial real estate as well as industrial and cultural real estate. However, we should be aware that a continuous and well- established control mechanism will be beneficial to the standardised, healthy and sustainable development of the real estate industry in the long run.
3. Future Prospects of the Group In 2014, the Group holds an optimistic view prudently towards the property market and is well-prepared to ensure that a better performance under the normalised control measures and market reform environment. With the maximization of Shareholders value as the ultimate goal, the Group will fully utilize the advantages of the sound financial and operation strategy and diversified financing channels. Banking on our core assets, the Group will continue to improve the control system, innovate the operating model, expand diversified development and promote the transformation of corporate strategy in a forward-looking 
Perfecting the Control System and Strengthening Informatization Construction The Group spares no effort to promote the innovative informatization construction. We are also committed to establishing the development mode under which systematic construction will be the core impetus of informatization construction so as to achieve a standardised control system. By means of the informatised management, the business flow is effectively shortened and a simplified, scientific and efficient decision flow can be promoted, which ultimately enhances the operational management level of the corporation.
Integrating the Investment Structure and Innovating the Business Development In view of the current control policies targeted primarily at residential real estate, the Group will continue to consolidate the investment structure and diversify operational risks in order to adapt to the market changes and ensure the long-term and steady development of the Group. We will adopt the dual approach of ensuring the steady development of residential property while increasing the investment in commercial and industrial real estates. Through balancing the business structure, the revenue and the projects value can be maximised. The Group will be firmly committed to enhancing the products quality, increasing the added value and strengthening the branding advantages, while consolidating the investment structure.
Promoting Products Quality and Building up the Core Competence In the course of future development, the Group will commit to maintaining the outstanding product quality and increasing the added value of products with the target of supplying ideal residences to customers by maximizing the performance-price ratio of products. We will also strengthen our core competitive strengths by increasing the corporate brand value continuously.
By implementing a solid development strategy of products quality, the Group will gain wider market recognition, which in turn will offer guarantee for further market expansion of the corporation and create new business opportunity to take the business to the next level.
Prudent Land Investment and Consolidating 
In 2013, the Group adhered to the prudent investment strategy.
On the basis of a well balance between long-term and current development, the Group deliberate on the quality of new projects and the high-premium trading situation. In the year of 2014, the Group will insist on the prudent principle. On one hand, the abundant land resources under the Company will be actively developed in order to maximize the value of land resources, while on the other hand, we will closely monitor the land market to discover prime land resources and increase the land reserves in a timely and moderate manner. The strategic layout of the Group in Huanbohai, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta will be 
Raising Risk Awareness and Seizing Market 
The real estate industry is undergoing an in-depth transformation. The long-standing mechanism regarding the control of real estate market is gradually improving, the differentiation and integration of the industry is increasingly obvious and the risks of the industry are aggravated. While facing the complicated domestic and overseas economic situations and market reform, the Group will maintain its prudent operation approach, comprehend the austerity measures scientifically and commit itself to increasing the risk awareness and enhance its ability to withstand risk so as to accurately grasp the market dynamics and respond to market changes proactively.

The Group shall persist in employing the spirit of mutualism with integrity and innovation as its strategic guidelines, act in concert, innovate with dedication, faithfully provide market and customers with quality products and services, establish Hopson s living ideology with all-encompassing facilities, ensure the Group s healthy and sustainable development, and achieve the maximization of investors interest.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 27th March 2014 