Chairman s Statement While upholding its corporate mission in The perfect realization of quality of living , its well- defined development strategy, regulated corporate structure and solid fundamentals continued to steer the Group s development in the property industry in China.
I am delighted to present to our shareholders the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited ( Hopson or the Company ) for the year ended 31st December 2003.

Against the background of intense market competitions, the Company together with its subsidiaries (the Group ) achieved record breaking results for the year under review. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$315,354,000, representing an increase of 38% as compared to year 2002.
Earnings per share were HK31 cents.

The Board of Directors recommended a payment of a final dividend of HK3 cents per share. This, together with the interim dividend of HK2 cents per share, the total dividend payout for the year will be HK5 cents per share.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
Despite the outbreak of the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) and its ramifications on the Chinese economy in 2003, China s Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) grew by 9.1% over that of 2002, which has been the fastest growth rate since 1997.
Investment in property development, witnessing the highest growth rate since 1998, reached 30% as compared to that of 2002. The rapidly growing economy, together with the increasing personal income of the people and the potential demand attributed by the people s desire to improve their living standards contributed immensely to the robust growth of the China s 
Favourable factors such as the continuous growth in China s economy, the rise in personal income, wealth and consumption power as well as the desire in property investments, all helped to propel the demand for quality residential properties in China.
The wealth effect as a result of the strong economic growth spurred the demand for quality homes. This phenomenon is especially prominent in China s major cities. Leveraging on its extensive experience, the Group established solid reputation in the property industry in Guangzhou. To capture the enormous opportunities brought forth by the strong economic growth in China, the Group has commenced its cross-regional investments in 2002. Embracing its development strategy, the Group continued to implement various quality and large-scale property development projects in strategically selected cities such as Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Guangzhou in 2003.

Guangzhou s GDP growth in 2003 reached its highest in eight years at 15%. Market demand continued to record a stable growth with transaction areas of commodity property amounting to 9.07 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of 14.1% as compared to 2002.
Focusing on Tianhe Sports Centre as a central point, the Guangzhou Municipal Government has been actively adopting a development strategy in developing to expand eastward and southward in recent years. The Group s property development is well in line with the Government s strategy. The Group in 2003 benefited from the commencement and completion of construction of various large-scale infrastructure projects. In light of the commencement of construction of the Metro line No. 3, the relocation of the Guangzhou Exchange Expo to the Guangzhou International Convention and Exhibition Center as well as the commencement of construction of the Guangzhou University Project , it is expected that the pedestrian flow in the southern part of Guangzhou will grow remarkably. The Group s various property developments, namely Pleasant View Garden and Huanan New City together with Regal Riviera, performed impressively. In addition, as far as the eastern part of Guangzhou is concerned, further enhancement of the Guangzhou Science City and the commencement of the surveying work of the Metro line No. 5 will further improve the competitiveness of Gallopade Park and Huajing New City.
While the property market in Guangzhou is mature and there is continuous growth in demand, market supply remains sufficient.

The GDP of Beijing in 2003 surged by 11% as compared to 2002, with the sales of various commodity properties amounting to 15.67 million sq. m.. The success in combating SARS bolstered the people s confidence in property investment and home buying in Beijing. Total investment in residential buildings amounted to RMB69.24 billion, representing an increase of 9.1% as compared with that in 2002. As the preparation for the Olympic Games has gone well underway in Beijing and the construction of various infrastructure projects, such as sports centers, railways and public transportation system has already commenced, all of these factors stimulated a positive effect on the property market in 2003. In addition, the infrastructure development in relation to the Central Business District ( CBD ) in Beijing hogged the limelight in the market. The Group s three property developments, namely Beijing Regal Court, Citt Eterna and Fresh Life Garden, are all located in the peripheral areas of CBD.
The pre-sale of all three property developments commenced in 2003 and recorded promising sales performance.
Opportunities as well as challenges remained as far as government policies are concerned. The implementation of Land Use Planning Regulations in 2003 stipulated a tight regulation on the land supply as well as the abolishment of sale of land agreements, which limited property developer s ability in acquiring quality land lots, yet benefiting those developers with considerable land reserves. In addition, the Government also tightened the pre-sale criteria of commodity properties, which in turn, increase the capital requirement for property developers.
Lastly, the legal approval of Implementation Measures for Resale of Public Housing in Open Market of Beijing City also enabled its people to resell the relatively cheaply acquired government allocated public housing in the market. This plan has a positive impact on the people s wealth, which in turn stimulates sales in the property market. Overall, the new government policies introduced in 2003 expedited the Group s business development 
Shanghai s GDP increased by 12% as compared to that of 2002.
The implementation of a series of city planning measures has accelerated the pace in the development of key infrastructure projects and propelled the growth of the property sector in the metro and surrounding areas. The 2010 World Expo and the massive influx of foreign funds promoted the speedy yet healthy development of Shanghai. Rosy expectations remain in the property industry in Shanghai. The investments in commodity properties totalled RMB90.12 billion, representing an increase of 20% as compared to that of 2002 and the fastest growth across all industries. Total sales of commodity properties amounted to 22.25 million sq. m. and the average price increased by 21%, making Shanghai one of the cities with the fastest growth in property prices. The Group acquired two land lots in Shanghai in 2002 and 2003 respectively. Looking ahead, solid fundamentals underlying the property industry in Shanghai provided the Group with ample room for growth in 2004.

The GDP increased by 15% in 2003 as compared to that of last year and sales of commodity properties reached unprecedented levels. Sales of commodity properties amounted to 10.22 million sq. m., which increased by 55% as compared to last year s.
There was a tremendous inflow of external funds in the property development sector in Tianjin. Total property investment amounted to RMB 21.14 billion, which increased by 20%. The upsurge in property investment and the large-scale relocation of urban citizens in Tianjin spurred the demand for residential properties. All of the above provided favourable conditions for the sales performance of the Group s large scale property projects in Tianjin in 2004.
GROUP S SALES PERFORMANCE While upholding its corporate mission of The perfect realization of quality of living , its well-defined development strategy, regulated corporate structure and solid fundamentals continued to steer the Group s development in the property industry in China. Against the impact of the SARS outbreak, which took a toll on the property industries in certain cities in China during the first half of 2003, the Group still managed to record stable growth in its business operations in mainland China. In aggregate, 4,543 units in various property developments in Guangzhou such as Gallopade Park South Court, Huanan New City, Pleasant View Garden, Fairview South Court, Huajing New City Fragrant Garden as well as Regal Riviera, representing a GFA of approximately 543,078 sq.m. were sold.
As one of the first southern China developers starting their investments in the northern part of China, the Group has been making promising progress in its developments in Beijing and Shanghai and managed to establish its brand name in the major cities in China. In 2003, the Group sold 1,106 units of Fresh Life Garden, Beijing Regal Court and Citt Eterna, with a total GFA sold amounted to 149,725 sq. m. Each project earned market recognition that is synonymous with quality.
Meanwhile, in Shanghai, Hopson Binjiang Court and the Lung Meng projects are undergoing their development stage.
Overall, 5,649 units were sold in 2003. Total GFA sold reached historical high of 692,803 sq. m., an increase of 212,799 sq. m.
as compared to last year.
In 2003, the Group and its development projects continued to gain promising reception and praises from its customers. The Group was one of the Top 10 listed property companies in China and various projects such as Pleasant View Garden, Huajing New City and Regal Riviera won numerous accolades in the property industry.
PROJECT DEVELOPMENT PROGRESS During the period under review, all the projects in Guangzhou and Beijing progressed smoothly as planned. Gallopade Park South Court, Pleasant View Garden, Regal Riviera and Fairview South Court in Guangzhou and the first phase of Fresh Life Garden in Beijing were delivered to buyers as scheduled during the year. In addition, Tianjin Zhujiang Hot Spring City, the mega- size project that integrates holiday resort, travel and residential units in Tianjin has already commenced its development. As at the end of 2003, total GFA of all the projects under development of 2,660,718 sq. m. reached its historical levels.

In order to sustain the current pace of expansion, the Group adopted a cross-regional development plan, focusing on landbank with large site areas and in 2003 acquired sites in various high growth cities with huge potentials such as Guangzhou and Shanghai, so as to further enhance its already abundant landbank. In Guangzhou, the Group was actively preparing for the acquisition of sites in Nanzhou Road and land lot G1-2 in the central part of Pearl River New City, comprising a site area of approximately 56,000 sq. m. and 6,000 sq. m., respectively. In Shanghai, the Group successfully acquired landbank of the Lung Meng project with a total site area of approximately 517,000 sq. m.. The management believes that the existing landbank will be sufficient for the Group to sustain its business growth in the foreseeable future.

On 20th February 2003, the Group acquired 100% of the share capital of Chia Lung Group Company Limited ( Chia Lung ) and Prestige Dragon Development Limited ( Prestige Dragon ) which are incorporated in Western Samoa and Hong Kong, respectively.
Chia Lung and Prestige Dragon collectively owned 75% of Shanghai Long Meng Company Limited which is incorporated in mainland China and owned a piece of land with a total site area of approximately 517,000 sq.m. in Shanghai, mainland China. Capital contribution together with site clearance fees amounted to approximately HK$403 million.

China s rapid economic growth will further increase personal income of its people and enhance the demand for improving living standards and property investments. Overall, the momentum in the property industry will remain strong in the foreseeable future. Given the tremendous room for growth in China s property industry, the Group will continue to strengthen its established brand name and accelerate its pace of 
In addition to its existing property portfolio, the Group will seize every opportunity to further expand its business developments.
In 2004, the Group will launch its various property developments in Guangzhou, namely, Gallopade Park South Court, Huanan New City, Pleasant View Garden, Huajing New City Fragrant Garden and Regal Riviera. In Beijing, in addition to those which the Group has already launched in the market, such as central zone of Fresh Life Garden, Beijing Regal Court Zone B and Citt Eterna Phase I, the Group will further introduce the eastern zone of Fresh Life Garden and Citt Eterna Phase II. The pre-sale of the Group s project developments in Shanghai and Tianjin is also expected to commence in 2004. Barring unforeseen circumstances, it is expected that the Group will perform reasonably well in 2004.
In 2004, in addition to further reinforcing its competitiveness in the residential properties sector, the Group plans to increase the sale or rental of its shopping arcade and car parks to strengthen its return on assets. The Group will also proceed with the development of commercial properties such as office buildings. The commercial projects of Yuehua and Gallopade Park Phase 4 have already entered their development stage in 
It is noteworthy that while China s economy and its property industry remains strong growing and at a fast pace, property developers are faced with certain inherent risks. Market supply remains sufficient, particularly in Guangzhou. Cost of construction materials, such as steel, surged persistently last year. These factors would have an impact on the future profitability of the real estate developers in China.
In light of these challenges, the Group will continue to maximize sales while enhancing the profit margin and efficiency of its projects. The management will adopt stringent cost control measures, especially in regards to the cost of construction, selling, marketing and general and administrative expenses. The Group will, with the benefit of its established brand name, aim at maximizing the selling prices of its property developments. The management will also closely monitor the cash flows of properties sold in an effort to reduce the Group s finance costs.
Capitalizing on the immense momentum of China s economy and property market, the Group will take steps to reinforce its brand name, its product and service quality and to strengthen its professional team and operating efficiency. The management is determined to seize every opportunity to enhance the Group s 
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to my fellow directors for their advice and to all members of our staff for their devotion and 
CHU MANG YEE 
Hong Kong, 21st April 2004 