CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
During 2009, the Group continued to adopt a prudent approach to maintain a stable business operation. Leveraging on its unparalleled strengths, first-class capabilities of real-estate operations and sophisticated corporate governance structure and operational mechanism, the Group realized a stable growth in annual results with the help of proactive development and sales strategies.
During 2009, the Group continued to adopt a prudent approach to maintain a stable business operation. Leveraging on its unparalleled strengths, first-class capabilities of real-estate operations and sophisticated corporate governance structure and operational mechanism, the Group realized a stable growth in annual results with the help of proactive development and sales strategies.
For the year ended 31st December 2009, the turnover of the Group increased by 4.2% to hit HK$11,225 million. Net asset per share was HK$19.15, up 25%, while return on equity was 22%.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 
In 2009, China actively responsed to the global financial crisis and facilitated fast and solid economic development. The national economy witnessed steady growth momentum and overall situation remained positive. The GDP of 2009 was RMB33,535.3 billion, grew 8.7% from last year. Excluding price factor, the disposal income per capita of urban residents recorded a 9.8% growth. By the end of 2009, the balance of the National Foreign Exchange Reserve reached US$2,399.2 billion, jumped 23.28% from last year.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (i) Nationwide (Continued) To overcome challenges arose from the global financial turmoil, the Central Government implemented proactive fiscal policies and moderately loose monetary policies. A number of economic stimulus measures including the ten initiatives of Expanding Domestic Demand, Accelerating Economic Growth , the 4,000-billion yuan investment plan, the ten industries stimulus plan and the 7,000-billion yuan credit supply were introduced by phases. Added value of industries recorded gradual growth while investment and credit witnessed significant expansion. A mild increase in the retail sales of consumer goods and a narrower drop in exports were seen. The macro economy showed a clear sign of revival and regained its development at a faster pace. Although the real estate industry was not covered under the stimulus plan, it remains a great concern of the government for its significant role in boosting national economic development. The market conditions of the property sector were less restrained when compared to that of 2008.
After the market adjustment in 2008 and the launch of various preferential policies for the property sector, the real estate market swiftly rebound during the first half of 2009.
Transactions of commodity housing were active in major cities with growth in both transaction volume and price.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics of China, the nationwide investment in real estate development for 2009 was RMB3,623.2 billion, up 16.1% from last year. The gross floor area of commodity housing sold nationwide was 937.13 million square metres, representing an increase of 42.1% from last year. Sales of commodity housing reached RMB4,399.5 billion, jumped 75.5% from last year. Selling price of housings in seventy medium-to-large cities also increased by 7.8% from last year. The nationwide land market enjoyed a significant rebound in 2009 and continuous escalation of land prices was seen. The Group achieved considerable growth in sales in 2009, particularly in the second half of the year.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (i) Nationwide (Continued) Under the relatively loose monetary policies, property prices soared at an unexpected fast pace in the second half of 2009 and drew the attention of the government. On 14th December 2009, the State Council promulgated an instruction of Restraining Overheating Home Prices in Some Cities . On 17th December 2009, Circular on Further Strengthening the Management over Balance of Land Transfer was issued by five Central Government departments including the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Land to tighten up transaction policies of land transfer. The Group aniticpates that a series of relevant initiatives will be introduced subsequently by the government in accordance with the changing situations and expects that the market conditions in 2010 will be relatively challenging when compared to those of 2009. Yet, changes always imply new opportunities. With new policies setting higher requirements on the Group s operational control, the Group will conform to the ever-changing situation and adopt proactive and effective measures to ensure sustainable and stable growth of its results.
(ii) Southern China With Guangzhou City as its core in southern China, the Group expands its business to neighbouring cities such as Huizhou, Nanhai, Zhongshan and Huadu, and carries out project developments and reserves premium land plots in central areas and other areas of these cities. In 2009, approximately 36.5% of the Group s revenue was generated from southern China.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (ii) Southern China (Continued) Since the reformation and opening up, the national economy of Guangzhou City has sustained an average growth rate of 13% annually. During 2009, Guangzhou City achieved the 10% target of annual economic growth rate earlier than expected. The regional GDP of Guangzhou City has always maintained a stable upward trend. In 2009, the regional GNP hit RMB908 billion, representing an increase of 11.4% from last year. Disposal income per capita for urban residents was RMB27,600, up 9.1% from last year. Guangzhou ranked third among other major cities in terms of aggregate economic output and managed to maintain a positive momentum. The Sixteenth Asia Games in 2010 will offer golden opportunities for the development of Guangzhou. The initiatives to improve the city landscape for the sake of the Asia Games will provide enormous support to the real estate development. In these years, Guangzhou strongly reinforces the Integration of Guangzhou and Foshan project, together with the rapid construction of urban facilities such as subway and light rails and the expansion of the city s radius, will definitely bring new opportunities to the real estate industry.
With the help of favourable policies, the property market of Guangzhou showed impressive rebound in 2009. Average transaction prices registered stable growth and commodity housings in urban centre were sold for more than RMB10,000 per square metre on average, which exceeded the price level in 2007. The Group maintained its position as a market leader in terms of market share and prices.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (ii) Southern China (Continued) After three decades development, Shenzhen was apparently constrained by its geographical area. As a natural extension of Shenzhen and an important coastal city in the Pearl River Delta region, Huizhou has a relatively strong transfer capability.
The execution of the Outline of the Plan for the Reform and Development of the Pearl River Delta Region speeded up the intergration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou and led to closer connection between Hong Kong and Macau. Urban railway and transportation network in Huizhou was further improved. The integration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou will facilitate regional development and cooperation and provide new opportunities for the property sector of Huizhou. The strategies of the Group adopted a few years ago showed satisfactory results. Projects such as the Regal Riviera Bay, Binhai City in Daya Bay and World Island were launched one by one to cater to market demand. The revenue from the sales of Huizhou projects recorded a major breakthrough which exceeded the yearly revenue forecast by the Group.
(iii) Northern China The current strategy of the Group in northern China is to consider Beijing as its core, with both cities of Beijing and Tianjin as the central development zones that extend to the cities in the Huanbohai area. Thanks to the Group s sound foundation in northern China, around 30.7% of it s revenue was generated from this region in 2009.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (iii) Northern China (Continued) According to the Beijing Statistical Information Net, regional GDP of Beijing in 2009 rose 10.1% to hit RMB1,186.59 billion, while GDP per capita hit USD10,000 and disposal income per capita of urban residents was RMB26,738, up 9.7%. The overall national economy grew at a rapid pace.
As the national capital, a cosmopolitan and a renowned cultural and historical city, Beijing attracts talents across a wide spectrum of industries and its position as a core city for national economic development was further strengthened.
The regular demand for property, coupled with the demand to improve living standards and for investment purposes, the property market of Beijing was feverish during 2009 with growth in both transaction volume and price. Market of high- end products was persistently robust. The Group s No. 8 Xiaoyun Road project was particularly well received because of its prominent concept, superb geographical location and high performance-price ratio. Since the project was launched in the middle of the year, the sales figures were impressive and exceeded the initial sales target set at the beginning of the year. The project ranked top in terms of the number of signed contracts among all high-end projects in Beijing for several consecutive months. Hopson Dreams World is a new project launched in Beijing this year which creates a community for elite golf lovers. Located at Yizhuang New Town, an area of high investment value, the project offers well-developed business and residential facilities with comprehensive area planning. The first phase of residential units was well received by personnel of the world s top 500 enterprises and around a thousand units were sold out immediately. The project achieved single-day sales of over RMB800 million, which marked a record in terms of single-day sales in the property market of Beijing in 2009. The demand for property in Beijing is expected to register stable growth amid the continuous economic development of the capital city.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (iii) Northern China (Continued) Tianjin is an important city in the Huanbohai area and provides an ideal environment for property sector owning to its preferable macro economic environment and faster economic growth when compared to other cities. Along with the development of Huanbohai area, Tianjin is expected to witness significant development in the coming years. The Group owns premium land bank located in prime areas in the city centre which are of high profitability. In Baodi District of Tianjin, the Group adopted regional development strategy for its Jingjin New Town project. More than 70% products launched were sold in respective regions. The project ranked top among all the best selling high-end properties in Tianjin in terms of transaction volume and sales price recently.
(iv) Eastern China Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone was regarded by the Group as an important hub for future business growth, where Shanghai is the core city with Ningbo and Hangzhou as neighbours. In 2009, about 32.8% of the Group s revenue was generated from eastern China.
(1) M A R K E T O V E R V I E W A N D O P E R A T I N G ENVIRONMENT IN 2009 (Continued) (iv) Eastern China (Continued) The property market of Shanghai revitalised in 2009 following the economy revival. Transaction volume of residential housing hit record highs in five years and kept growing rapidly. Luxury residential properties became investment hot spot in the market. The coming 2010 World Expo will win international recognition for Shanghai and generate considerable economic benefits. With the construction of the Shanghai IFC and Shanghai International Shipping Centre as approved by the State Council, the macro-economy and infrastructure of Shanghai are bound to benefit from these large-scale projects, which will also fuel the rapid growth of various industries in 
Shanghai Statistics Net revealed that in 2009, the GDP of Shanghai was RMB1,490 billion, rose 8.2% from last year.
GDP per capita was over USD11,000, while disposal income per capita of urban residents was RMB28,838, up 8.1% from last year. Shanghai is characterized by its export-oriented and 
The Group has successfully established its strategic foothold in Shanghai. Projects such as Dongjiao Villa and Sheshan Dongziyuan were popular among customers as high-end properties are in line with the development of Shanghai. The Group maintained its leading position in the villa market of Shanghai in terms of transaction volume and average selling price and remained the benchmark of Shanghai luxury villa market. The strategy of launching high-end products was proved to be an initial success. High-end properties, together with other projects under the strategic planning, will continue to fuel the expansion of the Group in Shanghai.
(2) PROSPECTS OF THE PRC PROPERTY SECTOR Looking ahead to 2010, as the effect to economic development brought about by the global financial crisis was alleviated, the economy of the PRC will return to a stable growth track. The Central Government will maintain its proactive fiscal policies and moderately loose monetary policies in order to achieve its goal of a fast yet steady growing economy. The PRC property market is bound to boom in the coming years as a result of surging property demand along with the improving macro-economy, relaxation on policies controlling real estate industry and credit, growth in residence income and the positive factors arose from urbanization.
The medium and long-term outlook of the real estate sector is 
The national economy was gradually picking up and showing signs of rebound. Expanding investments and encouraging spendings remain the major mean of the Central Government to sustain growth. Real estate industry plays a vital role in sustaining economic growth, safeguarding livelihood and maintaining stability. Although the government launched a series of policies at the end of 2009 to regulate the development of the real estate sector, property development and investment together with spending on housing by residents remain an important tool to facilitate stable growth of the macro-economy. Meanwhile, it is expected that the development of the real estate sector will follow the trend of positive alterations in supply structure, stable demand on residential housings and maintenance of healthy level of property price (3) PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP 2010 is a year vital for China to sustain growth momentum and achieve steady revival of its economy. The Central Government clearly demonstrated its support for end-users and homebuyers for upgrading purposes. As domestic demand can never be boosted overnight and external economies are recovering at a slow pace, it is expected that domestic consumption of China in 2010 will be maintained at a similar level to 2009. Total imports and exports will gradually pick up and fixed assets investment, especially investment in property development, will be the key in stimulating growth of the macro-economy. The introduction of a number of macro adjustment measures by the Central Government at the end of 2009 will be beneficial in bringing the real estate sector back to the right track for rational development in 2010. The Group remains prudently optimistic about the future development of the China real 
The Group will persist in optimizing its corporate governance structure and management system, and at the same time maintaining a well-balanced product portfolio and striving for diversification of its business. The Group will adopt lead the market strategy, improve service content and create a sincere, responsible, cooperative and mutually beneficial platform for strategic partnership. The land bank strategy will remain prudent and flexible with a target to achieve a steady growth in its results and to reap satisfactory returns for the shareholders.
(3) PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP (Continued) Maintain the status as a market leader The Group strives to be a leading developer engaged in quality properties. In the future, the Group will strengthen the management and quality control of its product by modifiying the development flow, which includes design layout, material procurement, construction supervision, sales and marketing, etc. Stylish and unique projects will be developed to enhance the performance-price ratio and consolidate our market leading role in terms of product 
Improve product mix for business growth The Group will maintain a business portfolio with residential property sales as its focus and an appropriate portion in commercial projects. The Group will deploy further effort on the development of residential properties in first-tier cities in the Yangtze River Delta, Huanbohai area and Pearl River Delta. An appropriate proportion of premium hotels and investment properties will be maintained to pursue a justified allocation of resources for short and long term investments. The Group is able to enhance its resilience against market risks and to secure a long-term and stable return in revenue and property appreciation.
In line with the changes in the land market, the Group will develop more high-end properties. The Group will also leverage on its strong brand recognition and rich experience in high-end property operations to improve product quality of existing projects and enhance added value of products for higher profit returns.
The Group will adopt investment strategies which fit the Company s needs and pay moderate attention to sector or enterprises with 
(3) PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP (Continued) Pursue timely land bank replenishment The Group will keep its prudent yet flexible land bank strategy with an emphasis on the performance-price ratio of land plots. The Group will acquire land plots with great appreciation potential in first-tier cities of the Yangtze River Delta, Huanbohai area and Pearl River Delta by phases and in a moderate manner so as to fulfill the development needs for the next three to five years.
Enhance management efficiency and corporate quality The Group will further strengthen its operational management, improve management efficiency, simplify procedures and work flow to upgrade execution capability and reinforce its mechanism in achieving operation synergies, so as to keep corporate vitality and 
Facilitate strategic and operational cooperation The Group will strengthen cooperation among different operation divisions. Moreovers, cooperation with partners will be further consolidated to achieve strategic synergy and realize its business vision of closer cooperation to create win-win result in the long term . The Group will join hands with other prominent partners and develop quality properties at value for money price for its customers.
The Group will stick to its vision and philosophy pursue mutual benefit with integrity and innovation, and put extra effort to satisfy its customers with quality products and bring sustainable and considerable return for our investors.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 22nd March 2010 