CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
In 2012, the Group adhered to its prudent and solid operation approach and achieved stable growth of results. Looking forward to 2013, the Group will pursue further growth amidst stability and strive to deliver continuous and stable investment rewards to our investors.
Given that the domestic economic growth has slowed down and the austerity policies on real estate industry have entered into a deeper stage, the Group, under the principle of its prudent general approach, leveraged on its extensive experience in development and operation, mature operational and management principle, well-established decisions making and governance regime, to ensure that satisfactory business growth was achieved. For the year ended 31st December 2012, turnover of the Group for the year amounted to HK$9,927 million, net asset per share grew 2.1% to HK$25.92.
1. Market Overview and Operating Environment (i) National Market 1. Overview of Economic Environment In 2012, the domestic economic development continued to slow down, the GDP for the year was RMB51,932.2 billion, which grew 7.8% as compared to that of the last year. Of which, the increase in value of the tertiary industry was RMB23,162.6 billion, up 8.1% year-on-year. Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB24,565, representing a growth of 12.6% from last year, while the proportion of urban population reached 52.6%.
In 2012, the domestic economy was under a strong declining pressure and its growth decelerated. China s Central Economic Work Conference 2013 stated that the central government will continue to regard adjusting economic structure and changing economic development pattern as key principles and to consider enhancing the quality and efficiency of economic growth as major tasks with a view to achieving persistent economic development. Driven by significant measures such as expanding domestic demand, promoting investment, optimizing structure and accelerating the development of urbanization, domestic impetuses for economic development have continued to become stronger, while the continuity and stability of economic development are enhanced by the specific and effective coordination of the macro-economic policies. The steady and positive growth of the macro- economy has created favorable conditions for the continuous development of the real estate industry.
2. Overview of Real Estate Market In 2012, China entered into a deeper stage of austerity policies on the real estate industry. In order to promote the healthy, reasonable and sustainable development of the PRC real estate industry as well as to further strengthen the result of the austerity policies on the real estate industry, the central government and relevant government departments emphasized the adherence to the macro-control measures on real estate market, and continuously perfected and strengthened control measures on various administration, credit and land policies. The government has also continued to implement regional purchase restriction and price restriction policies, further deepened reformation of the property tax and adopted differentiated credit policy on residential properties. Besides, it has strengthened the risk management on the real estate industry and tightened the management on use of land in the real estate industry. The constantly improving macro-control measures have had a far-reaching effect on the development of the real estate industry, in particular, the speculative and investment demand has been effectively curbed, the contradiction between supply and demand in the market as a whole has been further alleviated. In the long run, this will be beneficial to the standardized, healthy and sustainable development of the real estate industry.
In 2012, under the macro-economic background of steady growth , the real estate industry showed a steady trend. National Housing Sensitive index fluctuated with an upward trend and investment growth expanded, while the cumulative decline in new construction narrowed down continuously and sales 
In 2012, the national investment in real estate development was RMB7,180.4 billion, which rose 16.2% from last year; paid-in investment for the year of real estate developers amounted to RMB9,653.8 billion during the whole year, representing an increase of 12.7% from last year; area of commodity housing sold during the whole year was 1,113.04 million sq.m., increased 1.8% comparing with last year; the new construction area in housing in 2012 was 1,773.34 million sq.m., which represented a drop of 7.3%.
In view of macro-economic structure adjustments and growth pattern changes, the Group considers that the real estate industry, being the essential component of the economy, will inevitably face a higher requirement and its development will become more standardized and efficient. The promotion of the new urbanization and the continuous increase in income and purchasing power of the citizens will lead to enormous demand for the real estate market and offers promising prospect for 
Meanwhile, we should also be aware that the development of the real estate industry is currently experiencing an in-depth transformation. It is obvious that China s macro-economic austerity measures have become a regular practice. The financing environment and channels are changing and market presents both opportunities and challenges. The industry showed an obvious trend of consolidation and a further concentration of the industry, as a result, industry competition became more and more diversified and multi-level. Development strategy, management model, financing strategy as well as product innovation will become significant factors affecting the development of real estate enterprises in the future. The Group will run in tandem with the development pattern of the industry, accommodate to the life cycle of the industry and pay close attention to the changes in industrial conditions.
We will spare no endeavor to constantly optimize our development strategy, renovate our management model, expand our financing channels, enrich our product system and enhance the Group s 
(ii) Regional Markets 1. Southern China With Guangzhou as its core in southern China, the Group expands the business to neighboring cities with vast potential and strong economic strength such as Zhongshan, Foshan and Huizhou. Southern China is one of the core regions of the Group s strategic planning, where the Group actively carries out land bank replenishment, residential property investment and commercial property operation. In 2012, 32% of the Group s results was generated from southern China.
Guangzhou is a national core city and an integrated gateway city that the State vigorously developed on a strategic level. It is also the administrative and economic center in southern China and the core city in the Integration of Pearl River Delta. Guangzhou has enormous development potential and is benefitted from massive regional leading, radiant and driving impetuses. Since Guangzhou recorded a total GDP of RMB1,000 billion in 2010, its economy has remained on a steady growth track. The total GDP of Guangzhou in 2012 reached RMB1,355.121 billion, which rose 10.5% from last year. Disposable income per capita was RMB38,054, up 11.4% year-on-year. The steady economic growth and the continuous increase in disposable income per capita in Guangzhou have laid a solid foundation for the stable and rapid development of the real estate industry.
Huizhou, Foshan and Zhongshan are categorized as core cities under the Group s strategic planning for southern China. With the in-depth implementation of The Outline of the Plan for the Reform and Development of the Pearl River Delta (2008 2020) , construction works relating to the integration of Guangzhou and Foshan (Guangzhou and Foshan) and in economic zones such as Guangzhou-Foshan-Zhaoqing (Guangzhou, Foshan and Zhaoqing), Shenzhen-Dongguan-Huizhou (Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou) and Zhuhai- Zhongshan-Jiangmen (Zhuhai, Zhongshan and Jiangmen) have accelerated. Looking ahead, the regional social and economic integration in the southern China in terms of transportation, industry, city as well as urban and rural areas will offer new opportunities for the development of the real estate industry. As the core cities of the integration and the economic zone construction of Pearl Delta River Region, Huizhou, Foshan and Zhongshan embrace great opportunity for development and possess vast development potential and strong transfer function. Our investment plans in Huizhou, Foshan and Zhongshan will serve as the strong pillars for the Group s overall strategic planning in southern China.
In 2013, the Group will continue to consolidate and strengthen its strategic position in southern China, further explore the southern China market and proactively replenish the land bank in southern China.
We will also carry out project investment and operation as well as consolidate and enhance the Group s influence in the region.
2. Northern China The Group adheres to the strategic planning with its core in Beijing and extending to Huanbohai Economic Zone. We also persistently consolidated and strengthened the Group s business development in major cities in northern China such as Beijing, Tianjin and Dalian. As an important strategic hub of the Group, northern China contributed 27% to the Group s results 
As the national political, economic and cultural center, Beijing vigorously developed strategic emerging industries when developing its regional economy, hence fully played a leading role in promoting comprehensive technological innovation and adjustment of industrial structure. In 2012, Beijing s economy achieved steady growth, the regional GDP of the whole year was RMB1,780.1 billion, an increase of 7.7% from last year; the disposable income per capita of urban households amounted to RMB36,469, up 10.8% from last year. As the austerity measures on the real estate industry became a normal practice in 2012, the Beijing market has shown signs of recovery. During the year, the area of residential properties sold in Beijing was 14.834 million sq.m., which increased 43.3% from last year. In line with the positive development of the real estate market in Beijing, the Group has also obtained remarkable result in this city.
Regal Park, with its excellent quality, has been well recognized by the market since launching. It achieved sales of RMB800 million on the day of opening; projects like Hopson Dreams World and World Garden also achieved outstanding sales performance in the local market. No. 8 Royal Park continued to lead Beijing s high-end market with its incomparable quality and excellent supporting facilities. It persistently consolidates the market position of the Group s high- 
Tianjin is another important hub in northern China and it strenuously promoted the collective development of the dominant pillar industries with new urban planning and policy. The Group closely monitored the market condition, linked up Tianjin s regional planning and development trend, seized the opportunity of rapid development in Binhai new region, and laid out its long-term strategic planning. Belvedere Bay, one of the projects located in that region, achieved good results in 2012, making significant contribution to the Group s results in northern China.
In 2012, the Group continued to explore northern China with Beijing and Tianjin as its cores. After the commercial projects in Beijing and Tianjin as well as Ziyue Mansion in Taiyuan are progressively launched, our business development in northern China will be further expanded, and their contributions to the Group s results will increase further.
3. Eastern China Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone is regarded as an important hub in eastern China while Shanghai is the Group s core city which extends to the second-tier cities such as Hangzhou and Ningbo, and to the third- tier cities with vast development potential, namely Kunshan, Cixi and Taicang. Such strategy creates a reasonable business layout, where the first-tier cities in eastern China play complementary roles with the second- and third-tier cities. In 2012, with the introduction of high quality projects in the region, the Group s business proportion and market share in the region have both increased, rendering it an important stronghold for the Group s future business growth, contributing 41% of the Group s result for the year.
Shanghai, an international economic and financial center, is on the path of becoming an international metropolitan and a world city. This will not only improve its overall competitiveness, but also increase its radiating and driving forces to the cities around the Yangtze River Delta. In 2012, Shanghai achieved steady economic development, regional GDP of the whole year reached RMB2,010.133 billion, which rose 7.5% from last year. Disposable income per capita was RMB40,188, up 10.9% year-on-year.
In 2012, under the influence of continuous austerity measures, the sales volume of Shanghai real estate market still maintained an upward trend. The city s area of new commodity housing sold was 18.9846 million sq.m., up 7.2% comparing with last year; the sales area in the secondary market was 14.4677 million sq.m., representing an increase of 3.4% comparing with last year. In 2012, performance of the Group s projects in Shanghai remains satisfying, high quality projects such as Shanghai Dongjiao Villa and Sheshan Dongziyuan have established a leading position for the Group in Shanghai, while units of an ameliorative project, namely Hopson Yuting, were all sold out. Hopson Times Garden, which attracted much attention, was very well received by the market once it was open for sale, contributing more than RMB300 million of sales on the launching day and further strengthening the Group s strategic position in Shanghai.
In 2012, the Group spared no effort to extend its strategic business coverage in eastern China. As the projects in the second- and third-tier cities such as Ningbo, Kunshan and Taicang progressively mature, their contribution to the sales performance of the Group will become more significant.
2. Prospects of the PRC Real Estate Sector Looking ahead to 2013, the domestic economy will continue to focus on seeking progress amidst stability and carrying out reform and transformation, while perking up the quality and efficiency of economic growth will be the focal points. Driven by long-standing mechanism such as domestic demand expansion and urbanization construction, the macro economy will sustain its steady growth. In 2013, the real estate industry will continue to encounter control measures which have developed into normal practices. Under such circumstance, restraining investment and speculative demand will become a long-term target, while reasonable consumption demand arising from residential needs and improvement of living condition will be encouraged. The China s Central Economic Work Conference 2013 stated that we will embark on a new path of urbanization, where the focus of urbanization will shift from rapid advance to quality concern , which will also impose higher requirements for the development of real estate industry.
It is expected that in 2013, China will continue to implement proactive financial policy and solid currency policy; the control measures on the real estate industry will not change in the short term. Rational consumption demand will be the main pillar of real estate market and real estate speculation will be curbed by repressive measures continuously. The control measures have accelerated the maturity of the real estate industry. In the future, emerging business sectors such as real estate financing, pension real estate and industrial real estate will develop progressively, and their associated value with traditional residential and commercial properties will continuously emerge, resulting in the further expansion and emergence of value chains in the real estate 
3. Prospects of the Group Since 2012, the pattern of economic growth has continued to change. While constantly promoting the reform of the economic system, the government has also strived to ensure the balance, coordination and sustainability of the national economic development. In 2013, it is expected that the government will not waver in control of the real estate industry. Various measures will be deepened which will ultimately perfect the control system of the real estate market. Nevertheless, considering the continuous increase in consumption power of the general public and the further deepening of urbanization on the basis of the Twelfth Five- Year Plan , the Group holds a prudently optimistic view towards the real estate market.
The Group will continue to perfect its monitoring system, strengthen its risk awareness and optimize its internal management, so as to respond to the changes and challenges of the internal and the external markets. Besides, the Group will consider raising investment return as its highest goal, further balance its business structure, improve its product quality in order to meet market demand so as to achieve continuous and steady growth of the Group s results.
Perfecting the Control System and Strengthening the 
The Group keeps perfecting its control system and optimizing its management structure in a scientific and highly efficient manner.
We also endeavore to raise internal management standard in order to deal with the complicated market changes in China and overseas. Meanwhile, the Group s informatization and systematic project constructions were strengthened and work procedures and business flows were shortened through perfecting the management structure system, which eventually improve our executive capability and ability to deal with changes.
Integrating the Investment Structure to Ensure 
Considering the current control policies mainly target at the residential market, and in order to adapt to the market changes, the Group will ensure the continued increase in sales volume of residential property and at the same time enlarge the investments in commercial property, industrial property and tourism property.
Couples with financial investments, the Group will guarantee the maximization of return rate per unit of area through strong and solid profitability. This diversified operating approach will on one hand spread the risk exposure of the Group, and on the other hand will facilitate the Group to balance its investment structure and maximize its revenue. This approach will not only optimize the Group s investment structure, but also ultimately guarantee the Group s financial security, which in turn provides strong guarantee for the Group s long-term and stable operational development.
Raising Risk Awareness and Grasping the Market 
Facing the complicated international economic environment, and the potential market fluctuation which might be brought by future economic system reform, the Group will strive to raise its risk awareness and enhance its ability to withstand risk. At the same time, in view of the unshakable stance of the government in control policies and the continuous improvement of the control system of the real estate industry, the Group will take advantage of our own strength and comprehend the austerity measures scientifically, so as to grasp the pattern of the market precisely and respond to market changes proactively.
Prudent Land Bank and Consolidating Strategic 
As the real estate market in the first-tier cities has gradually thawed, the Group s numerous high quality yet low cost land bank in these first-tier cities has increasingly become the competitive strengths of the Group. The Company will adhere to its prudent but agile tactics in land bank, balance its business layout, implement diversified strategy of land development, and appropriately increase land bank in a timely manner. The Group will also consolidate its brand value in the first-tier cities, ensure high quality land bank was acquired in Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and Huanbohai Area and increase land bank with promising potential the in second- and 
Balancing Business Structure and Promoting Products 
Currently, the domestic real estate industry encountered an in- depth structural adjustment, fierce peers competition and highly concentrated resources. As such, the Group will, as always persist in ensuring the survival, competitiveness and development of the enterprise with high quality products, raise the level of product management, improve the monitoring system of products and reinforce brand building. Meanwhile, the Group will devote itself whole-heartedly in balancing the business structure in two ways: On one hand, we will balance the proportion of sales properties and investment properties and make sure that the Group s daily capital operation will not be affected and stable cash-flow and return of revenue will be delivered to the Group; on the other hand, we will balance the regional strategic development, which is to secure the foothold in the first-tier cities while accommodating to the increasingly deepening trend of urbanization to enlarge the investment in the second- and third-tier cities through scientific 
The Group will persist in implementing its existing development strategies, innovate with dedication and spare no efforts to proactively ensure a healthy and sustainable development. The Company will also be dedicated in the provision of valuable services for the society and deliver persistent and stable investment return to the investors and shareholders of the Company.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 28th March 2013 