CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Chu Mang Yee 
In 2011, under the guidance of the prudent approach, the Group rode through this critical year during which the austerity measures were implemented over the real estate market. Looking ahead to 2012, with the domestic macro-economy continuing to grow steadily, the Group remains prudently optimistic about the future development of the industry.
Given that the international and internal economic environments were complicated and the property market was relatively volatile in 2011, the Group, under the principle of its prudent general approach, leveraged on its enormous comprehensive strengths, wide operational experience, mature management principle, well-established governance structure as well as its scientific operation system to ride through this critical year of implementing property control measures on a solid note. For the year ended 31st December 2011, turnover of the Group for the year amounted to HK$8,008 million, net asset per share grew 8.6% to 
1. Market Overview and Operating Environment In 2011 (i) National market 1. Overview of Economic Environment 2011 was the commencement year of the Twelfth Five-Year Plan of China, and achieved a steady and continuous macro-economic growth. The national GDP of 2011 was RMB47,156.4 billion, which grew 9.2% as compared to that of the last year. Of which, the increase in value of the tertiary industry was RMB20,326 billion, up 8.9% year-on-year. Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB21,810, representing a growth of 8.4% from last year, while the proportion of urban population reached 51.27%.
Under the complicated international economic situation in 2011, the growth had slowed down and the foreign demand was sluggish. Due to the support of favorable domestic impetuses such as urbanization, industrialization and consumption expansion, the domestic economy maintained a steady and rapid development, while the stimulation of the economic growth transformed orderly from policy-oriented to domestic demand-oriented. In 2012, the major objectives of the economic works are to sustain a stable economic growth, to adjust the structure of economic growth, and to control the inflation risk sternly . Generally speaking, the macro-economic situation is positive and promising for the development of real estate industry. During the process of adjustment in economic structures and transformation in growth pattern, the real estate industry, being one of the pillar industries of the national economy, will adjust itself through such developments and in turn realized 
2. Overview of the Real Estate Market In 2011, China entered into a deeper stage of the austerity policies on the real estate industry. The government continued to uphold its principle of austerity, which was suppressing the overheating of housing price and ensuring a healthy development of the real estate industry . Administrative measures and monetary credit policies, which covered three areas, namely residential housing, land and finance, were introduced simultaneously. Specifically, these measures included regional purchase restriction, price restriction, the promotion of reformation of the property tax in pilot areas, the adoption of differential credit plan, increasing the effective supply of land and housing, and strengthening the supervision in the market. Such measures had effectively curbed the speculative demand, dampened the growth of the housing price, and preliminarily alleviated the imbalance between demand and supply in the market. Although the measures of austerity brought a significant effect on the market and enterprises, in the long run, such policies will create favorable conditions for the healthy, orderly and standardized development of the real estate 
Real estate industry benefited from the accelerated urbanization, the rise in living standard and the consumption power of residents. In 2011, it maintained an upward trend in a general PRC property market. The total gross floor area of commodity housing sold and the sales of commodity housing were 1.099 billion sq.m. and RMB5,911.9 billion, representing an increase of 4.9% and 12.1% from last year, respectively.
Investment in real estate development for the year was RMB6,174 billion, which grew 20% from last year.
However, for the first-tier cities, which were the key targets of austerity measures, the sales volume of the real estate market showed a declining trend.
The Group believes that the real estate industry is experiencing a substantial change and adjustment. We have to know the pattern of the industry development rationally and grasp the trend of the market changes in order to gain strategic opportunities for the enterprise.
We consider that industrialization, urbanization and consumption expansion are the key focuses of the economic development during the period of Twelfth Five-Year Plan , as well as the growing points for the real estate industry in the future. Driven by industrialization process, such real estate segments as commercial property, industrial property and the industrial park property will play an important role. The hastening of urbanization, the promotion of purchasing power of residents and the expansion of consumption demand will serve to boost the development of residential, pension, and tourism property segments.
And there is a huge room to develop the market of second- and third-tier cities. Meanwhile, we have to be cautious that the current round of the austerity measures on the real estate market speeded up the integration of the industry, and further increased the level of market concentration. Therefore, while we are confident of the future development of the real estate industry, we still have to get ready for another round of growth during the period of the adjustments and changes in the industry.
(ii) Regional Markets 1. Southern China With Guangzhou as its core in southern China, the Group expands the business to neighboring cities with vast potential such as Zhongshan, Huizhou and Foshan, and carries out land bank investments, the development and construction of projects and the operation of commercial properties in the prime locations of the cities above. In 2011, approximately 34% of the Group s revenue was generated from the business of 
As a well-developed administrative center of southern China, Guangzhou enjoys enormous opportunities and capabilities of developments. It achieved a GDP of over RMB1,000 billion in 2010, and it ranked third among the major cities in the nation in terms of the aggregate economic output. In 2011, the regional GDP of Guangzhou was RMB1,230.312 billion, which rose 11% from last year. Disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB34,438, up 12.3% year-on- year. The steady economic growth has provided the development of the real estate industry with favorable 
One of the basic requirements for the Twelfth Five- Year Plan in Guangzhou is to focus on the co- ordination of urban and rural areas as well as regional linkage. These include accelerating the pace of urbanization, improving the living conditions of residents in urban and rural areas, promoting the coordination and interactive development of urban and rural areas. The new pattern of integration of urban and rural economic and social development will offer a new opportunity to the development of real estate industry.
Meanwhile, the integration of Guangzhou and Foshan, the construction in Guangzhou-Foshan-Zhaoqing economic zone and the integrated development in Pearl River Delta Region have strengthened the position of Guangzhou as a greater role in stimulating the development of surrounding areas.
Meanwhile, an integration of Shenzhen, Dongguan and Huizhou has accelerated. Huizhou, an important coastal city, has a relatively strong transfer capability. In view of the relatively high demand in the Huizhou real estate market, there is an important strategic significance for the Group to have well-planned development of real estate projects in Huizhou.
In 2011, the Group continued to strengthen its strategic planning in southern China, and gradually developed its commercial property sector to enrich the product lines.
In Guangzhou, the Group put a strenuous effort on the development of the commercial projects such as Zhujiang International Tower and Hopson Plaza. These projects achieved sizable operations and received relatively high market recognitions. Moreover, Huizhou Binhai City and Regal Bay received favorable comments for their high performance-price ratio, and the market position of the Group in the region was further 
2. Northern China The current strategy of the Group in northern China is to consider Beijing as its core, with Beijing and Tianjin as the central development zones extending to the Huanbohai Economic Zone and to the major second- and third-tier cities. As an important strategic hub of the Group, northern China region contributed 41% to the Group s results in 2011.
Beijing, as the national center of economy, culture and politics, demonstrates its development potential and influential power obviously. It sustained a rapid development in 2011, the GDP for the year was RMB1,600.04 billion, up 8.1% from last year, and the disposable income per capita of urban households amounted to RMB32,903, up 13.2% from last year.
As Beijing is one of the key cities where austerity policies have been implemented to the real estate industry, its sales were significantly affected. In 2011, the area of residential properties sold was 10.35 million sq.m., which dropped 13.9% from the last year.
Although the market was gloomy, the Group, with its leading product quality and outstanding services, achieved satisfactory results in Beijing. No. 8 Royal Park is a benchmarking and high-end masterpiece in Beijing district, which earned loads of praises from the clients.
Medium to high-end projects such as Hopson World Garden and Hopson Kylin Zone, with excellent facilities and services, were widely recognized by the market. We believe that the economic development in Beijing will provide more room for the growth of the real estate industry. The Group will endeavor to further explore the market of Beijing, implement its development strategy of regional focus and enhance our market position 
Tianjin is an important port city in northern China and is among the fastest growing cities in the nation. The joint development of the Tianjin district and county, the accelerated progress of the integration of urban and rural areas and the rapid development in different kinds of the industrial park will have a positive effect to the local real estate industry. The Group has a foresighted plan in the center and the outer suburbs of Tianjin. And the product value will further be upgraded through the 
In 2011, the Group continued to consolidate its market position in the core cities of northern China, namely Beijing and Tianjin. And through these cities, the Group will extend its business to major second-tier cities such as Dalian, Taiyuan and Qinhuangdao. It is estimated that as new projects in those regions are launched progressively, their contributions to the Group s results will increase further.
3. Eastern China Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone is regarded as an important hub for our future business growth in eastern China while Shanghai is the Group s core city which extends to the major neighboring cities such as Hangzhou and Ningbo, and to the second- and third- tier cities with vast development potential, namely Kunshan and Cixi. The contribution to the Group s results from eastern China was approximately 25%.
In 2011, Shanghai demonstrated a steady development in the society and the economy, and its regional GDP for the year was RMB1,919.57 billion, which grew 8.2% from last year, disposable income per capita of urban households was RMB36,230, up 13.8% from last year.
While pursuing the goal of becoming a world-class city, the economic strength and the international influence of Shanghai will further be reinforced. Shanghai s post- expo development will drive the growth of its local real 
In 2011, the sales volume of Shanghai real estate market showed a declining trend, and the area of commodity housing sold dropped 13.8%, comparing with last year. Although the overall sales performance in the market was not encouraging, the Group still achieved a better-off sales performance. Our representative projects such as Hopson Town and Sheshan Dongziyuan continued to consolidate the leading position of the Group in that region.
In 2011, the Group consolidated and continued to expand the strategic development in eastern China. We further developed the market in the third-tier cities such as Taicang, Kunshan and Cixi, in order to diversify the risk of the Group and to enhance its operational security. It is expected that as new projects in those potential regions are launched progressively, eastern China will make more contributions to the Group s 
2. Prospects of the PRC Property Sector Looking ahead to 2012, opportunities coexist with challenges. Due to the slow-paced recovery of the global economy, it will further increase the uncertainty and the instability of the global economic situation. As the domestic macro-economy will tend to maintain a steady growth, the central government will continue to introduce proactive fiscal policy and prudent monetary policy. In 2012, the austerity measures will further be implemented on the real estate industry. The government will continue to curb the speculative demand in the industry, to promote the reformation of the property tax in selected pilot areas, and to reinforce the market monitoring in order to adjust the housing prices to a reasonable level. In general, for the real estate industry, there is a stable economic upturn environment where the implementation of austerity policy is still a normal practice. These are solid foundations for the real estate industry to develop in a sustainable, healthy, and orderly way. In short term, these austerity measures will have adverse effects to the market sales volume; however, it will not change the general drift of the real estate industry development. Urbanization construction, industrial development and the upgrading of consumption level will continue to drive the real estate industry to advance.
3. Prospects of the Group Since 2011, the global economic growth has slowed down and various types of risks have increased significantly. In 2012, it is expected that pursuing the structural adjustments and assuring the quality of the growth will be the primary objectives of the domestic macro-economy growth, with the direction of strengthening the specificity, flexibility and perspicacity of austerity measures being adhered. In the near term. The real estate industry will continue to be the target of austerity measures which will go on unabated.
However, in the long run, by means of its strong linkage with different industries, the positive effect on the long term macro- economic development of China will not be altered. Therefore, the Group remains prudently optimistic about the future development of the China real estate industry.
Given the macro-economic environment and the background of the industry, maximizing the value of the shareholders will be the ultimate objective of the Group. We will continue to commit ourselves to improve the standard of management, to optimize the investment structure, and to ensure a steady and healthy development. We strike for a higher accuracy of our estimation and more speedy response towards the macro-economic and the industrial adjustments, such that we can explore opportunities in the challenging environment, as well as seek for developments in 
Improving the Standard of Management and the Mode of Scientific Development The Group fully understands that the current situation of the international economy is complicated and the prospect of recovery is still uncertain. It is obvious that China s macro-economic austerity measures on the real estate industry has become a normal practice and the strength of the austerities will not be loosened within a short period of time. Accordingly, to seek for opportunities and chances for developments under the current and future complicated economic situation and industrial conditions, the Group can only contribute itself into perfecting the structure of management, improving the standard of management and optimizing the operating model continuously.
Integrating the Product Structure to Ensure the Returns on Investment The competition of real estate industry in the nation has aggravated and the level of resource concentration has been increased.
Accordingly, the Group intends to seek for innovative developments, in order to ensure the investment returns for the shareholders. We must endeavor to integrate and upgrade the structure of our products, to cohere and improve the value of the brand, to continuously strengthen the profitability of the Group s operating sales by all means, and thus, to maximize the value of the 
Optimizing Investment Structure and Diversifying Business Development Since the residential market is the target of macro-economic austerity policy, and the value chain of the real estate industry has been upgraded, the Group believes that the only way to achieve the ultimate goals of diversifying the risks and maximizing shareholders value is to optimize our investment structures continuously with an aim of balancing the developments and optimizing the revenue from the diversified business segments of the real estate development, property operation and equity investment.
Prudent Land Investment and Strengthening of Strategic Cooperation Since the Group is prudently optimistic towards the outlook of the development of China real estate industry, we will continue to sustain a prudent strategy in land investment and adopt a diversified mode of land development. Through strengthening both inter- and intra-industrial strategic cooperation, we aim to achieve economies of scale and a win-win situation. Furthermore, the Group will continue to optimize the regional development structure in order to consolidate the brand value among high-end properties in first-tier cities, and to optimize the investment returns through entering the markets of second-and third-tier cities.
Coordinate Resources Management to Ensure 
We will continue to strive for improving the standard of assets management of the Group and the efficiency of resources consumption in the upcoming future. We will reinforce the concept of an intensive management of resources to achieve an integrated management and an optimal allocation of resources. Moreover, we will strengthen the risk control and maintain a higher turnover rate of the inventories. To ensure a healthy and stable development, we insist to make both ends meet.
The Group will stick to the cooperate cultural vision of pursuing mutual benefit with integrity and innovation . We will all be hand in hand together and stepping into a huge success. We strive to provide the market and consumers with fine products and services and deliver stable returns to our investors continuously.
CHU Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 30th March 2012 