Chairman s Statement Chu Mang Yee 
In terms of overall capabilities, the Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China.
We are equipped with first class capabilities and experience in property operation, flexible operation system, strong capabilities in development and marketing, and abilities in resources integration.
Moving forward, the Group will further achieve a more rapid growth in its results and bring satisfactory returns to our shareholders.
(1) Market overview and operating 
In 2007, PRC macro economy was satisfactory. The annual GDP is estimated to have grown by 11.4% over the last year. Resident income rose significantly with resident disposal income per capita had an effective growth of 13%, after taking into account of the price factor. The exchange rate of RMB to USD increased by 6.9% when compared to that at the beginning of the year. Foreign exchange reserve increased to US$1.53 trillion, representing a growth of 43.3% over the 
Rapid and stable economic growth, increase in disposal income per capita and continuing appreciation of RMB are favorable factors that led to an increase in demand in the real estate market.
The demand in real estate market, coupled with the relatively low real estate investment base in prior period, had led to an investment rebound in real estate industry in 2007.
According to the data of National Statistical Bureau in 2007, the total completed real estate development investment nationwide was RMB2.5280 trillion, representing a growth of 30.2% over the last year and the gross floor area sales of commodity housing reached 761.93 million square meters ( sq.m. ), representing a growth of 23.2% over the last year.
The robust demand also accelerated the rise of the property prices. According to the report of the Secretary For Pricing of NDRC, in 2007, the selling price of the properties in 70 major cities in PRC increased by 7.6% over the last year and the selling price of new commodity housing increased by 8.2% over the last year. The property price rose mainly in the first three quarters of 2007 and certain regions began to see signs of overheated purchases.
(1) Market overview and operating 
(i) Nationwide (Continued) In order to regulate the real estate market so as to encourage a stable development sentiment, the government introduced a series of administrative measures to regulate the real estate industry. These include land appreciation tax policy, policies on restriction of foreign investments in domestic real estate market, policies on increasing in capital adequacy ratio and interest rates, increasing mortgage barrier and interest rates for second property mortgage, restricting net increase in lending, increasing the supply of low rental properties and middle to low pricing commodity properties, and impeding and regulating property developers in respect of land accumulation. The purposes of adopting these policies were to: (1) regulate the behaviors of property developers to impede their speculative moves in order to increase property supply within the industry, (2) restrict the speculation investment of foreign investments on domestic real estate industry and (3) suppress the speculativeinvestment demands of residents. In particular, the new policy on second property mortgage, which was implemented in September 2007, to suppress the investment needs of residents, had been effective in impeding the accelerated increase of property price nationwide, leading to a slow down in the fourth quarter of 2007 with the sales volume and price of the properties dropped in certain first tier cities. Although the above policies affect both the sales and cash flow of developers in the short run, they should be able to regulate the industry and ensure a healthy and stable development in the long run.
(1) Market overview and operating 
Guangzhou is an important market for the Group, from which approximately 41% of its revenue in 2007 was originated. The economy of Guangzhou developed rapidly in 2007 with annual GDP exceeding RMB700 billion, representing a growth of 14.5% over the last year.
Guangzhou experienced a spree of properties buying in the first three quarters of 2007. The sales volume and price of the properties in Guangzhou surged resulting in the increase in the cash flow of the developers. The developers perceived the market with an optimistic outlook and hence, there was intense competition in Guangzhou land market in the first three quarters of 2007. Land transaction price achieved unprecedentedly high and the market was overheated. In the fourth quarter, with the effect of Sui Seven Guidelines policies, the market began to cool down temporarily, giving a more reasonable development in land transaction market in 
The Guangzhou economy is prospering. According to the recent government working report by its major, the provincial GDP in 2007 reached RMB3 trillion, accounted for 18 of the GDP of the nation. Going forward, we believe the development of the economy of Guangzhou will maintain healthy. Moreover, being the host of Asian Games in 2010, Guangzhou will enhance its transportation infrastructure development which will, in turn, facilitate its urbanization development and in the long run, will support a stable development of the Guangzhou real estate market.
(1) Market overview and operating 
Beijing is the second largest market of the Group, from which approximately 32% of its revenue in 2007 was originated. Its annual GDP was approximately RMB900 billion, representing a growth of 12.5% over the last year. Its gross regional product per capita exceeded US$7,000.
As the amount of construction works in the first three quarters of 2007 fell below expectation, the overall residential property market dropped by approximately 5% when compared to that in the last year. However, as the demand continued to exceed the supply, the annual average price increased to RMB11,000 per sq.m., representing an increase of 41.2% over the last year. The property price increased in the first three quarters and began to decrease stably in the fourth quarter after as a result of the macroeconomic control 
The land market transactions in Beijing were active in 2007.
Total area of land granted for the year in Beijing was 8.5 million sq.m. The average floor area transaction prices for core districts and peripheral districts under development increased by 57% and 78% respectively.
As 2008 Olympics is approaching, we believe the Olympic games will bring economic benefits to Beijing, sustaining its growth momentum, which in turn will lead to a continuous development of local real estate market.
(1) Market overview and operating 
Tianjin is a significant region of the State s Huanbohai development strategy, from which approximately 6% of the Group s revenue in 2007 was originated.
In 2007, the transaction volume of the residential property market in Tianjin increased to 12.42 million sq.m., representing an increase of 18% over the last year. Average selling price reached RMB6,400 per sq.m., representing an increase of 26% over the last year.
The land market transactions in Tianjin were active in 2007 with an aggregate actual floor area transactions of 14.83 million sq.m., representing a growth of approximately 100% over the last year. Quite a number of foreign large-scale developers participated in land auction activities of Tianjin land market this year and competition became more intense resulting in record high transaction prices.
The development of Huanbohai zone, where Tianjin is situated, is the main focus of development under the Eleventh Five-Year Plan. Tianjin has been recognized as the economic center in Northern China. The development of Binhai New District has already been endorsed as part of the national strategy. In particular, in view of the comprehensive linking up of Beijing-Tianjin Intercity Railway by the end of 2007 and its official opening in the first half of 2008, it is expected that the flow of exchange between the two cities will increase, thereby facilitating the development of both the economy and real estate market in Tianjin.
(1) Market overview and operating 
In 2007, approximately 8% of the Group s revenue was originated from Shanghai. The economy of Shanghai is developing rapidly with its GDP reached RMB1.2 trillion, in 2007 representing a growth of approximately 10% over the last year, after taking into account of the price factor.
The demand for housing is high and both the sales volume and price of Shanghai property market went up in 2007. In the first three quarters of 2007, the transaction volume of Shanghai residential property market reached 16.75 million sq.m., which was comparable to the annual transaction volume in 2006. However, as a result of the macroeconomic control policies, in particular the mortgage policy on second housing which was introduced in the fourth quarter, the property market began to slow down. Price of residential properties continued to rise and the average transaction price was RMB11,000 per sq.m., representing an increase of approximately 27% over the last year.
The land market competition in Shanghai was intense in 2007. Many domestic and foreign developers participated in land auction activities in Shanghai, which escalated the increase in the land transaction prices. The Huangpu 163 land site was auctioned at RMB66,927 per sq.m. of floor area, which was the country s record high.
Shanghai possesses an excellent investment environment.
According to government statistics, besides Hong Kong, Shanghai is by far the city attracting most economic projects invested by the headquarters of foreign enterprises. Its economy, culture and finance are developing rapidly. The hosting of the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai will further enhance Shanghai s reputation and bring forth fruitful economic benefits to Shanghai.
(1) Market overview and operating 
In 2007, the Group developed several projects in Huizhou and Ningbo. Moreover, the Group also increased its land bank in second-tier cities such as Zhongshan, Dalian, Qinhuangdao and Taiyuan. Huizhou is an important industrial base in Guangdong Province, with the compound annual growth rate of its GDP exceeding 14% over the last 5 years.
Ningbo is the industrial center of the Yangtze River Delta. In terms of total GDP, it ranked fifth among the fifteen vice- provincial cities and with tremendous growing potential.
Zhongshan benefited from global industrial relocation move and co-operative ventures in Pearl River Delta. Both its manufacturing industry and light industry are developing maturely. Dalian is a famous tourist city in Northern China which is also the economic center of North-eastern China.
Qinhuangdao is one of the first batch of the 14 coastal cities opened for development in PRC. It is an important port for foreign trade in Northern China and is a first class tourist city of the country endorsed by State Council. Taiyuan is the capital city of Shanxi Province with rich resources in coal and ample strengths in energy resources and the wealth of its residents keep growing from time to time. The Company is optimistic about the outlook of these second-tier cities in view of their rapid economic development. The fact that most properties are purchased for self-living purposes will give rise to a relatively stable development in the real estate market and will diversify part of our regional risk.
(2) Development of the property sector in 
In recent years, the PRC economy has been developing rapidly and both the wealth and living standard of residents have improved.
With a stable development towards urbanization, the demand for better living conditions will continue to drive the long-term development of the real estate market. Hence, the real estate market still has tremendous development potential.
Although the real estate industry experienced short-term volatility as a result of the introduction of the macroeconomic control policies, it is expected that a more regulated industry free of speculation and bubble will be achieved, leading to a healthy and stable development of the industry.
(3) Prospects of the Group In terms of overall capabilities, the Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China. We are equipped with first class capabilities and experience in property operation, flexible operation system, strong capabilities in development and marketing, and abilities in resources integration. Moving forward, the Group will further achieve a more rapid growth in its results and bring satisfactory returns to our shareholders.
The Group will achieve this objective through increasing its land bank, enhancing product and service quality, accelerating work progress and increasing contracted sales, enlarging the developments of commercial property and high-end property and strengthening the communications with investors.
Increase in land bank Currently, the land bank of the Group is mainly located in the core districts of the most well-developed cities in PRC, namely Guangzhou, Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai. The costs of acquiring land bank in those cities were low and with the significant surge in property price, the values of land bank also rose sharply. The Group is optimistic about the increasing demand in the second and third tier cities where market risks are relatively low. We are increasing our investment in second tier cities gradually. In 2007, we obtained approximately 4,925,000 sq.m. of land bank in second and third tier cities such as Huizhou, Zhongshan, Dalian and Taiyuan one after another. By the end of 2007, our land bank reached 21.19 million sq.m.
In future, the Group will still leverage on our extensive experience and vision on the market to obtain more land bank with growth potential. In terms of size, the balance of land bank at the end of each year should be sufficient for the development in the next 3 to 5 years. In terms of quality, we expect the value of the land acquired will continue to appreciate. Hence, we will continue to acquire land bank in second and third tier cities with potential and also those regions in first tier cities with development potential.
Moreover, the Group will pay close attention to the market fluctuation information of land market and will prepare itself to enter the market at the appropriate moment and avoid acquiring land in peak periods.
(3) Prospects of the Group (Continued) Strengthen information set up and optimize production service mechanism The Group has made significant achievements in its information infrastructure since 2007. By perorating our years of development experience, we have standardized, systemized and programmed the workflows of the design, construction and sales procedures of land acquired into an integrated production management system.
Such information system will ensure the implementation by the Company of a business model in a rapid and stable development manner which will facilitate internal management efficiency enhancement and strengthen the turnaround time of respective projects developed by the Group.
Since 2007, we acquired )Y%me{- gPlQS, being a company with class-one status, and qgTuR] z=bS gPlQ S. Moreover, through acquiring existing business partners and establishing new companies, the Group owns companies engaging in production activities, including sourcing-by-tender, landscape greenery, renovation and decoration, to carry out mainly the construction projects of the Group.
At present, we have basically established an integrated property service system covering planning design, sourcing-by- tender, construction, renovation and decoration and property management. This system will assist the Group to speed up its projects, improve property quality, reduce property development costs which lay a strong foundation for the Group s rapid future 
Enhance product and service quality The Group is a middle-to-high end property developer. We believe that by means of sustaining our quality and continuously upgrading our services will attract loyal customers and strengthen our brand name. In future, the Group will continue to increase its investments in research and development, enhance its design capabilities, improve its construction work quality further, upgrade and consolidate the leading position of its products in the industry. The Company will also strive to provide the best of property management services and to provide premium property management services to property owners (3) Prospects of the Group (Continued) Accelerate work progress and increase contracted 
The Six Guidelines have affected the work progress of many developers since 2006. A lot of our projects are unable to meet the scheduled pre-sale time-table in the first three quarters of 2007 and in turn unable to complete construction by end of 2007, thereby affected the growth in contracted and delivered sales of the Group for the year. Currently, the effects of the Six Guidelines have diminished and the Group is firmly grasping the momentum in project construction, accelerating the development of existing land bank. It is expected that the annual completed GFA from 2008 to 2010 will increase when compared to that in 
We have sufficient inventory in 2008. Our company will leverage on our premium product quality and strong marketing capabilities to speed up the increase of contracted sales. It is expected that average purchase price of the Group s properties in 2008 and the years thereafter is unlikely to be lower than the 2007 level.
In terms of selling price determination, we strive to strike a good balance between pricing and sales momentum, namely, to obtain more sales through our first class product quality and services in order to gain customers and to maintain sufficient sales momentum, while sustaining reasonable gross margins and net 
By carrying out serious and in-depth research on both domestic and foreign business counterparts and encapsulating our own experience, we realize the important implications to strike a good balance between turnaround time and profit margins. Over- emphasis on sales momentum at lower selling prices will result in lower net profit margins. Albeit achieving a larger scale, the increase in margins will, however, be slackened. This will also result in greater sufferings should market adjustment occur. On the other hand, although high selling price will achieve higher profit margin in per unit GFA sales, it will bring negative effects when dealing with high value land appreciation tax where customers are unable to afford high prices which will, in turn, lower the sales momentum. The properties of the Group are usually sold out before completion and will not affect our delivery performance. The Group believes that by leveraging on our superb market experience and judgement, we will be able to strike a good balance between selling price and sales momentum which will, in turn, lead to better returns on shareholders equity.
(3) Prospects of the Group (Continued) Accelerate work progress and increase contracted 
With the above reasonable understanding, the Group will not overly focus on sizeable and rapid expansion. Instead, we will strive to achieve relative higher selling prices subject to a steady growth in our cash flow. We also aim to achieve a steady growth in both sales turnover and net profit and expect to strike a good balance between selling prices and selling momentum; which in turn, will achieve a higher return in shareholder equity. In terms of controlling our sales momentum, as the properties of our projects are usually sold out around construction completion period, our sale will not affect our delivery performance.
Commercial property outlook Sustainable macroeconomic developments, continuous improvements of income per capita, the thrust of urbanization and the entry of global top 500 enterprises will create strong long-term demand for high-end commercial property. The Group has already increased its investments in commercial properties and expects to obtain a new profit source through the development, operation and sales of commercial properties, thereby enabling the Group to secure a stable cash flow. Of the commercial property land bank that the Group currently owns, the construction works of commercial property of about 1.88 million sq.m. in GFA have commenced and are expected to complete in 3 to 5 years time.
These commercial properties are located in the premium districts in Guangzhou, Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai and are planned to be developed into hotels, office buildings, shopping centers and serviced apartments with low costs, high-end positioning and with top commercial values.
In future, the Group will continue to explore suitable commercial property land bank to ensure higher growth momentum, using our existing 1.88 million sq.m. commercial property completion area planning as a base. We believe the commercial property development will facilitate the Group to hold some premium investment properties in establishing a balanced portfolio platform.
Such move will complement the development of residential projects and both will progress mutually. However, the Group will still pursue the development of residential property to be its main 
(3) Prospects of the Group (Continued) High-end property development As the PRC economy continues to prosper, we expect an increasing domestic demand for high-end property. The Group has already foreseen the market opportunities in high-end property and is well prepared for it. Currently, we own 7 large-scale high- end property projects in the central districts in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai and Guangzhou. The construction of these projects commenced in 2007 and we are striving to provide luxurious apartments for the wealthiest high-end group in the country.
The Group is currently establishing co-operation with first- class international design teams and is equipped with teams in construction, sales and property management of highest caliber for enhancing the quality and services of high-end property. We believe the high-end property will draw more market attention and be more competitive, and it will become the new profit source of the Group and enhance our brand name. The quality and services of high-end property will also enhance the market responses to other properties developed by the Group.
Strengthen the communications with investors The Group will continue to strictly comply with the disclosure requirements of listed companies and will disclose full information to all shareholders and investors in time. We shall develop various communication activities with investors and improve the transparency of the Group and, thus, boost, the capital market s confidence in our Group.
We are confident that, from 2008 onwards, we will clinch on the long-term historical opportunities of the real estate market in the PRC, enhance our competitiveness, capture more market share and achieve a higher performance growth in creating higher returns for our shareholders.
CHU MANG YEE 
Hong Kong,16th April 2008 