Chairman s Statement Chu Mang Yee 
In terms of overall capabilities, the Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China. The long-term optimistic outlook on both the macro-economy and the property sector in China have provided tremendous development opportunities for the Group.
I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited (the Company ) for the year ended 31st December 2006.

For the year ended 31st December 2006, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the Group ) reported an increase of HK$337 million in the audited consolidated profit attributable to shareholders to HK$1,554 million. Fully diluted earnings per share grew by 12% over 2005 to HK126 cents. Total equity increased by 43% to HK$8,228 million. Net assets per share amounted to HK$6.40, representing an increase of 35% as compared to 31st December 2005.
The return on total equity was 20%.

The Board of Directors recommended the payment of a final dividend of HK27.1 cents per share for the year ended 31st December 2006.
Together with the interim dividend of HK10.8 cents per share, the total dividend payout per share for the year was HK37.9 cents, representing an approximately 12% increase as compared to HK33.95 cents in 2005.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
The economy of China continued to maintain a stable and rapid growth in 2006. The preliminary statistics showed the annual GDP in China reached RMB20.9407 trillion and in terms of comparable price, an increase of 10.7% over last year. The annual average disposable income of urban residents per capita reached RMB11,759, an increase of 12.1% over last year, with an effective growth rate of 10.4%, after taking into account of the price factor.
In 2006, the Chinese government promulgated a series of counteracting macro-economic austerity measures largely focusing on regulating the property sector. These measures include interest rate hikes, increase in capital adequacy ratio for banks, the Six Guidelines promulgated by the State Council, the Fifteen Rules jointly issued by Nine Ministries, policies restricting foreign investment in the property sector, imposition of taxes on the secondary market transactions. These policies have caused certain impact on property buyers and property developers. However, these policies are conducive to a more stable and healthier operating environment in a longer term. The austerity measures have also raised the entry barrier of the property sector and hence provide opportunities to financially strong property developers to acquire land, and thereby increase their market shares.
Despite these austerity measures, however with a healthy macro- economic environment, the overall property sector continues to grow steadily. The annual property development investments in China reached RMB1.9382 trillion, a growth of 21.8% over last year, of which commodity properties accounted for RMB1.3612 trillion, a growth of 25.3%. The total gross floor areas ( GFA ) completed for commodity properties were 530 million square meters ( sq.m. ) and commodity properties sales were RMB2.051 trillion, a growth of 13.4% over the same period last year.

Guangzhou is the most important market of the Group, generating nearly half of our total income. The property market in Guangzhou is relatively mature and more regulated. It plays a leading role in China in terms of development concepts and setting standards.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
During 2006, there was a significant increase in land supply in Guangzhou. However, demand for land remained very robust. Most of the land auctions were won by larger property developers with land prices reaching unprecedented levels. The supply of newly completed commodity properties in Guangzhou was at a similar level to that of 2005 and the total transacted GFA for commodity properties reached 11.58 million sq.m., an increase of 2.1% over the same period last year.
As the demand remained buoyant, the overall demand had exceeded supply and the average price of commodity properties was RMB6,315 per sq.m., an increase of 23.4% over last year.
The relatively high population in Guangzhou had driven both its economy and income per capita to grow rapidly. However, the living area per capita is relatively low. In order to develop into a cosmopolitan city, there is a continuing program to improve the infrastructure, thus posing a strong momentum in property development in Guangzhou. It is forecasted that the property market in Guangzhou will enter into a long-term stable development period. The Group is confident to capitalise the opportunities of the property market in both Guangzhou and its peripheral second-tier rural areas to further expand its property business 
One-third of the Group s business is derived from the Beijing market.
Being the political and cultural hub of China, Beijing has a relatively high urban development standard with higher capacity and demand in its property market.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
In 2006, the land trading activities in Beijing were active, in particular residential sites. The land supply within the Fifth Ring Road is becoming scarce and supply of new land was gradually focusing on rural areas beyond the Fifth Ring Road. As the national policy regulated the supply of residential properties which led to the simultaneous adjustments in residential property products; this, in turn, postponed the selling schedules of properties in the market. The slow down in supply made both the demand and transaction volume to grow slowly. In 2006, the growth of total investments in property development in Beijing diminished. Total GFA sold in property market were 22.87 million sq.m., an increase of 3% over the same period last year. However, selling prices of properties increased substantially with an average price of RMB8,792 per sq.m., an increase of 16.7% over the same period last 
As construction relating to the Olympics and the massive infrastucture constructions in the Central Business District are underway, and the speeding up of making Beijing into an international city, it will bring a continuous surge in property market in terms of investments and demand. Furthermore, with the continuous increase in income of Beijing citizens, the Beijing property market will continue to develop steadily.
MARKET OVERVIEW AND OPERATING 
Shanghai is the emerging financial hub for Asia. With its strong financial and economic foundations, it ranks first in China in terms of property market size. Currently, the Shanghai property market has implemented the State s austerity measures and is undergoing a healthy consolidation 
As affected by the austerity measures, the demand for property from investors in Shanghai diminished while demand from end-users increased. The latter had in fact absorbed the area of completion for the year. In 2006, the overall supply and demand of new commodity properties were nearly at the similar level. On the other hand, the total transacted GFA of commodity properties in Shanghai were 25.97 million sq.m., an increase of 19% over the same period last year with an average transaction price of RMB8,682 per sq.m., an increase of 4.8% over the same period last year.
Almost two years after implementing the austerity measures, it is expected that the property market in Shanghai will restore to a stable level. With the imminent holding of World Expo, the continuous development in both sides of Huangpu River and refurbishing of old cities will thrive a promising long-term prospects to the property market in Shanghai. In addition, the demand due to the improvement of living conditions and the massive influx of expatriates will further fuel the demand of the property market in Shanghai. By taking advantage of these opportunities, the Group will further develop its property business 
Tianjin is an important region of the State s Huanbohai development strategy. It experienced strong economic growth in the past years and the property sector has entered into a rapid development stage. In 2006, the property investment in Tianjin remained stable with solid commodity property transaction volume. The property price continued to rise at a rate higher than last year s. In the years to come, there will be ample opportunities for property development in Tianjin. From the economic development standpoint, the development of Huanbohai zone is the main focus under the Eleventh Five-Year Plan. Tianjin has been recognized as the economic center in Northern China. The development of Binhai New District has already been listed as part of the national strategy and the speeding up of the unification between Beijing and Tianjin has generated strong momentum to the economic growth of Tianjin. From the supply and demand point of view, the demand of Tianjin citizens to improve their living conditions is becoming more and more pressing.
The municipal government has also put more efforts in improving the image of Tianjin. Resettlement and urban planning will create great demand for housing. The Group will strive to further develop its property business in Tianjin in the coming years.
DEVELOPMENT OF THE PROPERTY SECTOR IN 
Though the austerity measures of the Chinese government have adverse impact on the property sector in the short-run, its primary objective is to regulate the property sector in pursuing a long-term stable development.
With the rapid economic development in China, both the population and disposal income per capita will continue to increase and urbanization rate keeps on improving. The demand of consumers to improve their living standards is becoming increasingly urgent. Currently, China is at a special stage of experiencing Renminbi appreciation and excess liquidity.
Its asset price continues to increase and has fuelled the continuous development of the property sector. Furthermore, the role of the property sector as one of the pillars of the state economy will remain unchanged in the near future. The property market in China is therefore expected to maintain a rapid and stable development in the medium and long- 
In future, the property market in China will further consolidate, making the already sizeable developers larger and thus occupying more market 
PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP In terms of overall capabilities, the Group is one of the leading property developers in Mainland China. The Group s competitive strengths are: equipped with first class capabilities and experience in property operation and flexibility; having a sufficiently large land reserve and the experience and capabilities in acquiring new land reserve; and equipped with experience and capabilities in resource integration and cost control. The long-term optimistic outlook on both the macro-economy and the property sector in China have provided tremendous development opportunities for the Group.
PROSPECTS OF THE GROUP (Continued) The business of the Group principally comes from four cities: namely Guangzhou, Beijing, Tianjin and Shanghai. As Guangzhou will host the Asian Games in 2010, Beijing will host the Olympics in 2008, Tianjin will be experiencing unprecedented opportunities to encounter rapid development and Shanghai will host the 2010 World Expo, the prospects of property markets in these four cities will develop rapidly. In turn, the Group will also be benefited from these developments. Looking ahead, while the Group will continue to focus on the above four cities as core development regions, it will also develop projects in prosperous second-tier cities which are located in the neighbouring areas of these first-tier cities. At the moment, the Group is developing the peripheral cities in Guangzhou, such as the already on sale project in Huizhou and the project in Nanhai; when appropriate, the Group will also develop projects in Shenzhen.
The Group currently has land reserve for commercial usage and will gradually develop these commercial sites into office buildings and shopping malls. We believe commercial property projects will contribute stable cash flows and steady investment returns to the Group. This will become the new earnings growth in the coming years.
In the years to come, the property sector in Mainland China will continue to consolidate. By leveraging on the Group s first class capabilities and experience in property operation, flexible systems, strong and solid financial background, the Group will continue to grasp the opportunities and to take up challenges with the goal to capture greater market share.
We will aim at further enhancing our leading position in the property sector as well as creating higher returns on investments for our 
CHU MANG YEE 
Hong Kong: 17th April 2007 