Chairman s Statement The Group will capitalise on its competitive edges and further expand its business into other major cities 
Chu Mang Yee 
I am pleased to present to our shareholders the annual results of Hopson Development Holdings Limited ( the Company ) for the year ended 31st December, 2001.
Turnover and Profit During the year under review, the Company together with its subsidiaries (collectively the Group ) recorded a turnover of HK$1,171 million. Profit attributable to shareholders amounted to HK$120.9 million. Earnings per share were 
The Board of Directors has proposed a final dividend of HK 2 cents per share for the year ended 31st December, 2001. Combined with the interim dividend of HK 1 cent, the total dividend for the year amounted to HK 3 cents 
2001 continued to be a year of challenges, mostly due to the global economic slowdown, followed by the tragic 911 incident that further impaired consumer confidence.
Despite the economic slowdown that affected every industry on a global basis, China was able to sustain encouraging economic growth, the momentum of which continues with the nation s accession into the World Trade Organization ( WTO ). In 2001, China achieved a 7.3% increase in GDP growth, one of the highest in 
Among the major cities in China, Guangzhou demonstrated its outstanding potential for further development. In 2001, Guangzhou achieved a GDP growth of 13% and its citizens average disposable income also increased at a rate of 7% which was ranked the first among major cities. This affluence has led to a rising trend for property ownership. In 2001, the expenditures related to housing were also elevated to approximately 13.9% of the total consumers 
Facing an active market with keen competition, product design, immaculate service quality as well as market reputation have become increasingly important areas of contention. Amidst a challenging market environment, the Group still enjoys considerable competitive edges through the established brand it has earned as a property developer adhering to the high quality products and services.

With China s full entrance into WTO and the impetus brought by the hosting of the 2008 Olympic Games in Beijing, the outlook for China s property market is more attractive than ever, particularly in major cities. The trend of property ownership has entrenched into an impregnable position in today s living in China.
The Group will capitalise on its competitive edges and further expand its business into other major cities in China. In January 2002, the Group moved its first step out of Guangzhou and announced its participation in four sizable projects in Beijing and Tianjin with a total investment cost amounting to approximately HK$820 million, which is intended to be financed by internal resources, on-going proceeds and bank borrowings. Full details of these projects were set out in a circular dated 31st January, 2002 to the shareholders of the Company.
The Group will continue with its successful strategy of focused development and enhancement of quality large- scale and multi-facility residential projects.
All in all, we are confident in meeting every opportunity and challenge ahead. On behalf of the Board, I thank our shareholders, customers and business partners for their support to the Group over the past year, and all our staff and management for their dedication and efforts.
Chu Mang Yee 
Hong Kong, 18th April, 2002 
