In 2016, The PRC real estate market witnessed slowdown after a robust
surge. In the first half of the year, reduction of inventory policies
implemented by the central government fuelled the general real estate
industry to remain at high level with surge in both sales volume and price of
commercial residential buildings in first-tier and core second-tier cities. With
more efforts placed on regulating the real estate market and the
implementation of city-oriented policies in the second half of the year by the
central government, both the sales volume and price of commercial
residential buildings have generally become stabilised. With the regulatory
approach of implementing “city-oriented policies” by the central
government, it is expected that the regional differentiation of the real estate
market between first-and-second-tier cities and third-and-fourth-tier cities
in the PRC will gradually be alleviated in 2017. The demand for commercial
residential buildings in first-tier cities and core second-tier cities will still be
keen, and the reduction of inventory process for commercial residential
buildings in third-and-fourth-tier cities will accelerate.
Market Environment and Operation Analysis
National Market
1. Overview of the Economic Environment
In 2016, the overall China’s economy has been steady and outperformed
expectations. The gross domestic product for the year was RMB74,412.7
billion, which grew by 6.7% as compared to that of last year. Disposable
income per capita of urban households was RMB33,616, representing a
growth of 7.8% from the same period last year.
The current domestic and foreign environment is complicated with
numerous uncertainties, where the conflicts between sluggish domestic
demand and excessive production capacity were still prominent, thus
exerting pressure on downward economic adjustments. China Central
Economic Works Conference emphasised that the tenor of policies for
2017 would be promoting advancement with stability. Anchored on
enhancing development quality and efficiency while adhered to fostering
structural reform on the supply side, moderate expansion of overall
demand as well as in-depth and innovative moves would be launched to
foster stable and healthy economic development.
2. Overview of Real Estate Market
The PRC real estate market witnessed slowdown after a robust surge in
2016. In the first half of the year, reduction of inventory policies
implemented by the central government fuelled the general real estate
industry to remain at high level with surge in both sales volume and price
of commercial residential buildings in first-tier and core second-tier cities.
With more efforts placed on regulating the real estate market and the
implementation of city-oriented policies in the second half of the year by
the central government, both the sales volume and price of commercial
residential buildings have generally become stabilised. Pressure of
reduction of inventory in real estate market still existed throughout the
year while risks accumulated in core cities, making it more difficult to
make adjustments. In 2016, the investment in real estate development
nationwide amounted to RMB10,258.1 billion, representing a year-onyear
increase of 6.9%; the paid-in investment of real estate developers
was RMB14,421.4 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.2%;
the sales area of commercial residential buildings sold nationwide
reached 1,573.49 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year increase of
22.5%; the sales of commercial residential buildings nationwide
amounted to RMB11,762.7 billion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 34.8%; the area of land purchased by real estate developers was
220.25 million sq.m., representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.4%.
Under the background of downward pressure in macro-economy and
continuous high level of inventory in the real estate industry, the central
government’s macro-economic policy retained its focus on stability and
aimed to keep economic growth and stable employment by implementing
differentiated and refined regulatory measures. Increasingly prudent price
controls and real estate loan policies were adopted by the central
government in popular cities, while preferential policies were implemented
in most of the third-and-fourth-tier cities which had inventory pressure,
so as to adjust supply and accelerate the reduction of inventory process
in the property market. 
China Central Economic Works Conference placed focus on the real
estate industry, and determined the fundamentals for real estate industry
development positioning, monetary and credit policies, land supply
policy, sustainable development mechanism and reduction of inventory.
The central government supports reasonable credit demand; adjusts
short-term market demand and supply by efficient land supply;
establishes a sustainable mechanism which is in line with the national
situation and adapts to the market rules by comprehensively using
various means in terms of finance, land, investment and legislation;
combines reduction of inventory and population urbanisation; mega cities
shall edge up efforts on mediating some of their functions on fuelling the
development of medium and small cities in the surroundings. With the
principle of continuous advancement of supply-side structural reform and
the economy tenor based on steadiness with breakthrough, the Group
expects the real estate market in the PRC will develop in a sustainable
and stable manner.
Regional Markets
1. Eastern China
In 2016, 21% of the Group’s revenues were attributable to Eastern
China. For the year of 2016, Shanghai’s economy was progressing
steadily, with GDP of the city amounting to RMB2,746.6 billion, which
grew by 6.8% in comparable prices; disposable income per capita of
urban and rural permanent residents increased by 8.9% and 10.0%
respectively as compared to 2015. Shanghai has long been an influential
world-class city with stable commodity prices, employment rate,
economic growth and market sales.
After witnessing a surge of both sales volume and price in Shanghai real
estate market in the first half of 2016, the government introduced
regulatory policies in the second half of the year, hence leading to a
significant decline in market transaction volume. It is expected that the
real estate market of Shanghai and the entire Yangtze River Delta Region
will still be the primary region imposed with the government’s regulatory
measures in 2017.
In 2016, the Group continued to place Shanghai in Eastern China region
as its strategic centre. Through means such as projects consolidation
and regional management division, cluster effect was created, thus
realising the strategy of radiating outward in every direction and achieving
the interactive linkage effect in the whole Eastern China region.
2. Northern China
Currently, the Group’s headquarter is located in Beijing. The Group’s
main value development belt in Northern China, with influence over major
cities in Huanbohai Economic Zone, anchors on Beijing with Tianjin
assuming the supporting role. In 2016, 45% of the Group’s revenues
were attributable to Northern China.
On top of being the capital of China, Beijing, the political, economic and
cultural centre of the country, is also a city of great prominence in the
whole Asia and the world. Judging from its development in recent years,
Beijing will be the definite centre for the whole Northern China region with
integrated development to attain the unification of the whole region of
Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei.
In 2016, Bejing’s economy developed steadily, with GDP amounting to
RMB2,489.9 billion, representing an increase of 6.7% in comparable
prices; disposable income per capita of urban households grew by 8.4%
to RMB57,275 as compared to the same period last year.
As the largest export and import sea port city in the northern region and
Northern China, Tianjin is one of the important economic centres of the
Huanbohai Economic Zone. The future plan on integration of BeijingTianjin-Hebei
led by the government will foster the overall economic
development of Tianjin, which provides an prosperous outlook for its
economic development. The Group’s early development in Tianjin can be
said to have great prospects, and it is expected that the value of Tianjin
city will as well be gradually unleashed in near term.
3. Southern China
For Southern China, the Group positioned Guangzhou city and Huizhou
city as two core value drivers which extended into other regions with
rapid economic growth, such as Zhongshan and Foshan, by relying on
the upward adjustment trend in Guangzhou-Shenzhen regional market.
The Group has engaged in project development in the region with
advanced operation and management strategies. In 2016, 34% of the
Group’s revenues were attributable to Southern China.
Guangzhou is a core city of the country, a world-renowned port region as
well as the integrated transportation hub of China, and processes great
development potential. In 2016, Guangzhou’s regional GDP of the year
amounted to RMB1,961.1 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
8.2%. By maintaining steady growth in overall economy, Guangzhou still
managed to maintain its leading position in the country in terms of overall
competitiveness. Such situation has continuously enhanced the living
conditions and thus fuelled the healthy development of the real estate
market in Guangzhou.
Prospects of China’s Real Estate Sector
With the regulatory approach of implementing “city-oriented policies” by
the central government, it is expected that the regional differentiation of
the real estate market between first-and-second-tier cities and third-andfourth-tier
cities in the PRC will gradually be alleviated in 2017. The
demand for commercial residential buildings in first-tier cities and core
second-tier cities will still be keen, and the reduction of inventory process
for commercial residential buildings in third-and-fourth-tier cities will
accelerate. All in all, the overall development of the prevailing PRC real
estate market has become increasingly mature and stable, underlying the
perfect time for diversified development and for fostering the development
of upstream and downstream industries in the real estate market.
Future Prospects of the Group
Responding to the regional difference of the PRC real estate market and
regulatory policies towards real estate market by the central government,
the Group will gradually formulate the strategic principle of “following the
guidance of the State’s policies while adapting itself to the market trends
based on actual situation”, and adhere to the ultimate goal of maximising
shareholders’ value. To achieve this, the Group will fully leverage on the
advantages of its solid financial and operational strategies and diversified
financing channels. The Group will also build on its core assets and make
continuous efforts to optimise its management and control system, so as
to promote its strategic transformation of business diversification.
Strengthening the Construction of Informatisationed
System and Perfecting the Management and Control
System
The Group is determined to promote the construction of informatisationed
system and will, in all aspects, promote our operation towards
standardisation, systematism, informatisation and scientific management.
Such measures help to optimise corporate structure and shorten
business flow, and in turn raise the corporate operation and management
level.
Improving Quality Control and Enhancing Core
Competitiveness
The Group will improve product quality and strive to provide property
owners with premium products and services. By increasing the additional
value of its products, the Group will gain recognition from property
owners and markets, and thus enhance the Group's corporate brand
value and strengthen our core competitiveness.
Prudent Land Investment and Consolidation of Strategic
Strengths
The Group will adhere to a prudent land development strategy where we
will actively develop our abundant land resources. On top of optimising
its product structure and maximising the value of land bank, the Group
will closely monitor the situation of the land market and increase premium
land bank in a timely and moderate manner. The Group’s strategic layout
in Huanbohai Economic Zone, Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta
will thus be further reinforced.
Promoting Diversified Strategies and Developing
Innovative Business
Adapting to market changes, the Group will proactively explore the
feasibility of the development in the upstream and downstream real
estate industry so as to secure its long-term and stable development.
The Group will ensure the sustainable and stable development of
residential properties and commercial properties, and at the same time,
significantly edges up its efforts on industrial properties and the
infrastructure of the peripheral leasing and integrated services, so as to
expand its diversified operating income.
Capturing Market Opportunities and Fostering the
Group’s Development
As the long-standing regulatory mechanism regarding the real estate
market has gradually been established, the Group will continue to adhere
to its development strategy of progressing in a prudent manner. We will
actively respond to the challenges brought by the transformation of the
real estate industry and adapt to the development trend of real estates
under the New Norm; while at the same time, seize the favourable
opportunities brought about by the deepening economic reforms and
rising consumption demand with products catering for the market and
central government’s policies to foster the long-term development of the
Group.
Acknowledgement
The Group shall persist in employing the spirit of mutualism with integrity
and innovation as its corporate culture, insist on the corporate strategic
guideline of “enjoying high-quality lifestyle”, work together to create a winwin
situation, insist on providing market and customers with quality
products and services that further enhance the Company’s development,
ensure the Group’s healthy and sustainable development, and maximise
investors’ interest.
CHU Mang Yee
Chairman
Hong Kong, 31st March 2017