CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT

off
DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
addressing acute challenges from market
competition in 2016, the Company actively
advanced the implementation of teh new
development strategy centred on "Focus
Cooperation and Innovation” and strived to
mitigate the underlying shortcomings. As a result,
fundamental capabilities in network, terminals,
channels, services and IT were notably enhanced,
with business and service revenue restored to
a positive and steady momentum while the
overall competitive edges were strengthened and
cemented, further solidifying the foundation of
the Company for a further turnaround and healthy
development in the future.
OVERALL RESULTS
To promote long-term sustainable development,
the Company braved the short-term profit pressure,
strengthened its fundamental capabilities, and
increased cost initiatives (including selling and
marketing, network, operation and support
expenses) as appropriate to strive for a gradual
turnaround. It achieved initial success in turning
around the unfavourable conditions in operation
and development. In 2016, service revenue of the
Company bottomed out and reached RMB240.98
billion, up 2.4% year-on-year. The Company’s
EBITDA amounted to RMB79.50 billion, down by
9.1% year-on-year and accounted for 33.0% of the service revenue. Profit attributable to equity
shareholders of the Company was RMB0.63 billion,
down by 94.1% year-on-year, which, however,
showed substantial improvement compared to
the loss attributable to equity shareholders of the
Company (excluding the gain on disposal of tower
assets) of approximately RMB3.36 billion in the
second half of 2015. Going forward, the Company
will continue to deepen the implementation of
Focus Strategy and strive to improve profitability.
Through implementing precise investment and
actively promoting cooperation and resource
sharing within and beyond the industry, the
Company attained substantial improvement in
the network capability while capital expenditure
decreased to RMB72.11 billion, down by 46.1% from
last year. Benefiting from the gradual improvement
in service revenue and the substantial decline in
capital expenditure, free cash flow of the Company
turned positive and reached RMB2.48 billion.
Taking into consideration the Company's
profitability, debt, cash flow level and capital
requirements for its future development, the Board
has resolved not to pay a dividend for the year
2016. The Company will strive to enhance its profits
while paving the way for paying a dividend for the
year 2017.
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT
4G continuously gaining edges with
a robust kick-off of marketing model
transformation set to accelerate mobile
service development
In 2016, the Company focused on the acceleration
of 4G business development, driving the 
turnaround of the operational challenges of mobile
service. Mobile service revenue bottomed out and
achieved RMB145.02 billion, up 1.7% year-on-year.
The number of mobile billing subscribers beat the
downward trend for consecutive months last year,
registering a net addition of 11.51 million and
reaching a total of 263.82 million mobile billing
subscribers. The ARPU of mobile billing subscribers
remained stable with a slight increase to RMB46.4.
During the year, the Company expedited 4G
network construction and achieved 4G network
quality on par with the industry in the focused
regions with ample capacity; audaciously
popularised “All Network Access” handsets
with dual SIM card slots, contributing to the
fast improvement in terminal supply; triggered
rapid increase in mobile data traffic by targeted
marketing of data capacity bundled with
contents and speeding up the migration of 2G/3G
subscribers to 4G; and strengthened the mutual
promotion and coordinated development of the
integrated offerings in 4G, fixed-line broadband,
video, applications, etc. In 2016, the number of 4G
subscribers of the Company demonstrated a net
increase of 60.40 million to a total of 104.55 million.
The proportion of 4G subscribers to mobile billing
subscribers increased by 22.1 percentage points
year-on-year to 39.6%, still with enormous potential
for growth. The monthly average DOU per 4G
subscriber reached 1,521MB.
Leveraging the advantages brought by rapid
improvement in 4G network capabilities, wide
adoption in “All Network Access” handsets,
the proprietary centralised BSS system and the
nationwide e-commerce platform, the Company
initiated 2I2C marketing model in the fourth
quarter of 2016 and began to collaborate with
Internet companies on innovative targeted
marketing. Through sub-dividing market segments
and strengthening data traffic operation,
differentiated products and development models
were established with a view to achieving winwin
scenarios with both subscribers and partners.
The innovative business model of 2I2C business
not only enables the Company to develop new
touch points for customer acquisition and lift
the capabilities to drive 4G subscriber and
revenue growth at low incremental cost, but also
continuously enhances customer value through
smart marketing and convenient promotion
of consumption upgrade. At present, the 2I2C
business has achieved a robust kick-off, which will
facilitate marketing model transformation of the
Company and accelerate the scale development of
its 4G business in future.
Fast Development of Innovative Services in
Key Areas Driving Steady Growth in Fixedline
Service Revenue
In 2016, the Company sped up the development
of innovative services such as Internet Data
Centre (IDC)/cloud computing, Information
Communications Technology (ICT), video, Internet
of Things (IoT) and others, effectively offsetting
the revenue decline in fixed-line voice. The fixedline
service revenue reached RMB94.66 billion, up
3.7% year-on-year, of which the proportion of fixedline
voice revenue dropped to 14.0%, mitigating
the operating risk of the decline in fixed-line voice,
while further optimising the fixed-line revenue
structure.
During the year, the Company actively leveraged
its advantages in fibre network and informatisation
with the focus on industrial Internet and platformbased
services and fully promoted product
development, platform support, marketing services
and other core capabilities. Besides, it propelled
new breakthroughs in IDC and cloud computing,
ICT, IoT, Big Data, IPTV, industry applications,
Internet finance and other innovative services. In
2016, the Company’s IDC and cloud computing
revenue reached RMB9.45 billion, up 33.7% yearon-year.
ICT revenue reached RMB5.94 billion, up
37.0% year-on-year, enjoying the leading position
in educational informatisation while advancing
scale development in healthcare informatisation.
IPTV revenue reached RMB1.41 billion, up 68.1%
year-on-year.
Actively Countering Competitive
Challenges in Broadband Market by
Promoting Subscriber Consumption
Upgrade and Integrated Development
Leveraging High-Bandwidth Products and
Video Applications
Faced with fierce market competition in fixed-line
broadband, the Company, by taking full advantage
of the network capabilities generated from fibre
network upgrade, vigorously promoted highbandwidth
products and enriched video contents
and applications to stimulate bandwidth upgrade
and showcased differentiation and brand edges.
The Company optimised fixed-line broadband
customer service, installation and maintenance
work flow, and strengthened support capabilities,
which in turn enhanced end-to-end network
experience and customer satisfaction. It also
pushed forward the optimisation and upgrade
of the household Internet integrated products of
the broadband, video and applications to drive
mutual-promoting development. In 2016, the
Company’s fixed-line broadband access revenue
amounted to RMB43.87 billion, maintaining steady
performance year-on-year. Fixed-line broadband
subscribers increased by 4.0% year-on-year to 75.24
million, of which 71.2% were Fibre-to-the-home
(FTTH) subscribers. “Smart WO Family” subscribers
accounted for 26.1% of the fixed-line broadband
subscribers, up 12.8 percentage points year-onyear.
NETWORK DEPLOYMENT
With an aim to providing high quality network
experience of “faster speed, broader coverage,
better perception” to its customers, the Company
focused on key regions, including 4G, fixedline
broadband and other key businesses, and
deepened cooperation and co-sharing in deploying
premium network with craftsmanship spirit under
highly precise and efficient investment. In 2016,
the Company recorded a net increase of 337,000 4G
base stations to a total of 736,000, with coverage,
speed and signal quality of the 4G network in key
regions on par with the industry. As a result of the
steady progress in the speed upgrade in fixedline
broadband, ten provinces in Northern China
achieved “all fibre network”, in which city areas
were basically equipped with 100Mbps access
capability. The Company continued to enhance its
basic network capabilities such as transmission and
carrying network with industry-lowest backhaul
latency. Rapid improvement in network capabilities
has laid a solid foundation for the Company to
accelerate its business development.
IN-DEPTH COOPERATION AND
INNOVATIVE TRANSFORMATION
In 2016, the Company actively promoted indepth
cooperation in various aspects to facilitate
i m p r o v e m e n t i n t h e n e t w o r k a n d s e r v i c e
development capability, as well as cost reduction
and efficiency enhancement, with fruitful results
gradually emerging. Through innovative targeted
marketing cooperation with Internet companies,
the Company managed to expand touch points
with customers. The Company implemented
infrastructure resources co-building and cosharing
within the industry; proactively promoted
cooperation with mobile virtual network operators
(MVNOs), maintaining leadership in MVNO
subscriber market share. The Company also
strengthened cooperation with private capital
on local access in Southern China and promoted
diversified and cross-industry cooperation for winwin
development.
During the year, the comprehensive and strategic
cooperation with China Telecom was smoothly
progressing. During the year, a total of 70,000
4G base stations and approximately 16,000 km
transmission fibre cable were co-built and coshared.
The Company also jointly promoted
6-mode “All Network Access” handsets together
with China Telecom and standardised the 4K smart
set-top box and broadband services. Through the
cooperation, savings of approximately RMB3.3
billion in CAPEX and RMB0.35 billion in operating
expenses were achieved. Looking ahead, the two
parties will further open existing base station
resources and strengthen the sharing, while
enhancing cooperation in operational maintenance
and innovative services to reap new outcomes.
T h e C o m p a n y d e e p e n e d i n n o v a t i o n i n i t s
systems and mechanisms. For the fundamental
services, the Company promoted simplification of
administration and pushed forward appropriate
delegation and empowerment to enhance
efficiency. For the innovative services, it promoted
the market-oriented reform and initiated internal
innovation incubation projects to actively create
an innovative ambience; improved the support
capability of its IT systems and strengthened cost
and risk control; systematically pushed forward the
reform in human resource structure, and optimised
staff incentive system and structure to motivate
operational vibrancy at all levels.
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND
SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
The Company continues on improving corporate
governance structure and strengthening execution,
leading to steady enhancement in management
and corporate governance. In 2016, the Company
was awarded a number of accolades, including
“Asia’s No. 1 Best Managed Company – TMT Sector”
by FinanceAsia, and “Asia’s No. 1 Most Honored
Telecom Company” by Institutional Investor.
The Company took the initiative in fulfilling its
social responsibilities and actively supported the
harmonious economic, social and environmental
development guided by the developmental
concept of being “Innovative, Coherent, Green,
Open, Sharing”. The Company was committed
to building the fast, green and secure premium
network; actively conducted green operation,
carried forward equipment reuse and reduced
network energy consumption; enhanced service
quality to provide consumers with the most
compelling experience, assured consumption
and dedicated services; shared the success and
growth with its employees while adding values to
them; and supported development in the western
region by enhancing network coverage and service
channel construction in remote areas to narrow the
digital divide and create a smart lifestyle.
OUTLOOK
Currently, along with the drastic change of the
market environment, the Company is undergoing
a new stage of transformation. A new round of
technology and industrial revolution is steering
us into a new digital and intelligent era. While
the transmission-based basic services remain
as the main revenue stream for operators, the
traditional telecommunication subscriber market
has already been saturated and voice services are
on the downward trend with the existing market
to witness fiercer competition. The demand for
data traffic, a key element of digital ecosystem,
continues to increase. Innovative services
addressing new demand have become the new
engine for growth. With the “Internet Superpower”
strategy and the "Internet+" action plan
implemented by the State, the Internet of Things,
cloud computing and Big Data have turned into real
demands from potential market, promising great
industry values. In the meantime, further release of
reform benefits generated within and beyond the
Company will promote China Unicom to change its
operational mechanism at a higher level.Looking into the future, the Company will
respond to hardships and challenges face-to-face,
grab development opportunities, deepen the
implementation of Focus Strategy, persistently
uphold scale and economical development as
the centre, promote growth, control costs and
reform mechanism, thus pushing the Company
to shorten the odyssey of transformation, as well
as to accelerate the turnaround in future, and
step onto the healthy development path. We
will unswervingly promote the innovation and
transformation of operating model and manage
innovative use of resources, so as to deliver
sustainable growth in revenue and gradual
economic improvement. We are determined to
improve quality and enhance efficiency, eliminate
excess capacity and destock based on the practical
situation. We will promote frequency band and
capacity reduction of 2G/3G networks in an
orderly manner to improve management, cost
effectiveness and operational efficiency. We will
accelerate reform in various fields and build a more
market-oriented mechanism in an effort to enhance
corporate vibrancy and return.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of Directors of the
Company, I would like to express my sincere
gratitude to all shareholders, customers and
friends across the society for their support to the
Company, and to all employees for their continuous
dedication and contribution along the way!
Wang Xiaochu
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Hong Kong, 15 March 2017