Chairman s Statement 
In 2009, faced with the challenges brought by the global financial crisis, the intensified industry competition and the opportunities arising from the broadband Internet and 3G businesses, the Company fully integrated resources, actively developed the market and 
construction. The overall business development remained steady, the revenue structure was gradually improved and the network capacity increased substantially, laying a solid foundation for the future development of the Company.

In 2009, revenue of the Company totaled RMB153.95 billion. After excluding deferred fixed-line upfront connection fee of RMB0.49 billion, telecommunications service revenue after adjustment (Note 1) would be RMB149.10 billion, representing a decrease of 1.2% over last year when compared on the same basis, of which telecommunications service revenue from mobile business was RMB69.77 billion, representing an increase of 8.6% over last year, while telecommunications service revenue from fixed-line business after adjustment would be RMB79.06 billion, representing a decrease of 8.5% over last year when compared on the same basis. Of the revenue from the fixed-line business after adjustment, revenue from fixed-line broadband services was RMB23.90 billion, representing an increase of 14.0% over last year.
In 2009, profit of the Company was RMB9.56 billion, representing an increase of 22.1% as compared with profit from the continuing operations of last year. Due to the decline of fixed-line voice business and the 3G business being at the initial stage of operation, this represented a decrease of 35.2% over last year when compared on the same basis (Note 2). Basic earnings per share was 
As at 31 December 2009, total interest-bearing debts of the Company were RMB74.46 billion. Debt-to- capitalisation ratio was 26.5%. The Company s debt-to- capitalisation structure was solid.
Based on the Company s financial position in 2009 and taking into account the development needs of the mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.16 per share for the year ended 31 December 2009.

In 2009, the Company conducted full-service operation on a comprehensive basis. The mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses continued to maintain growth while the fixed-line voice business was still under the declining pressure; business revenue structure gradually improved; network communications capability significantly enhanced; and international cooperation achieved positive progress.
The GSM business continued to grow. The Company continued to develop the subscriber market, strengthened the marketing of value-added services with focus on services such as GPRS and SMS. As at 31 December 2009, the total number of GSM subscribers reached 144.845 million, representing an increase of 8.6% over last year. Telecommunications service revenue from the GSM business was RMB69.000 billion, representing an increase of 7.4% over last year. Of which, revenue from the GSM value-added services accounted for 27.3% of the revenue from GSM mobile services, representing an increase of 2 percentage points over last year.
3G services commercially launched and saw a favourable development trend. On 1 October 2009, the Company officially launched 3G services in 285 cities. As at 31 December 2009, the number of cities covered by 3G commercial services increased to 335 and the total number of 3G subscribers reached 2.742 million, of which the handset subscribers reached 83.7%. The ARPU of 3G subscribers reached RMB141.7.
To develop 3G business, the Company adopted a unified marketing strategy nationwide for its products, tariffs and terminals. The Company launched various innovative 3G service products to drive consumption of data services; implemented multi-channel 3G business sale and marketing; and provided subscribers with convenient and high-quality service experience. The Company also launched a unified 3G e-sales service management system to provide unified e-service support for various sales 
The fixed-line broadband business saw rapid growth while the fixed-line voice business still faced declining pressure. The Company made great efforts in facilitating fixed-line broadband upgrading and speed enhancement, and actively developed the fixed-line broadband market. As at 31 December 2009, the total number of local telephone subscribers was 102.822 million, representing a decrease of 6.2% over last year; the total number of fixed-line broadband subscribers reached 38.550 millions, representing an increase of 28.2% over last year. Revenue from the fixed-line broadband business was RMB23.90 billion, representing an increase of 14.0% over last year. It accounted for 30.2% of the revenue in fixed-line telecommunications services after adjustment (Note 1), representing an increase of 5.9 percentage points over last year.
Network capacity was significantly enhanced. The Company made great efforts in constructing 3G networks and rapidly formed an extensive network. As at 31 December 2009, the 3G network had covered 335 cities nationwide with the total number of base stations reaching 107,000. The Company also continued to expand the coverage of the GSM network and improved the quality of the network operation. As at 31 December 2009, the number of GSM base stations increased by 36.7% over last year. The service connection rate increased substantially while the call-drop rate decreased significantly. Fixed-line broadband network capacity continued to increase. Inter-provincial network transmission capacity increased more than 70% over last year. Internet outbound bandwidth increased by 148.0% over last year. The enhancement of network capacity and the improvement of network quality offered strong support to the Company s business development.
International cooperation further strengthened. The Company emphasized the strengthening of 3G industry chain cooperation, aiming to transform industry chain advantages of WCDMA technology into market advantages for the 3G development. On 30 October 2009, in partnership with Apple Inc., the Company commenced the sale of iPhones. The combination of WCDMA network and iPhone handset significantly enhanced the influence of the Company s 3G brand. It further brought a brand new experience to the 3G subscribers. In promoting international cooperation, the Company entered into a strategic alliance and mutual investment agreement with Telefnica Internacional S.A.U. on 6 September 2009. The two parties agreed to deepen their cooperation in various 
In 2009, faced with a complex situation following industry restructuring, the Company further made clear its development strategy, optimized and consolidated resources in organizational structure, human resources, operations, network and IT systems, service system and brands, and also improved basic management systems such as finance, risk and internal control. The Company progressively pushed forward internal integration and laid a solid foundation for the sustainable development of the 
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES In 2009, the Company actively performed its corporate social responsibilities and spared no efforts in enhancing service standard and ensuring smooth communication; endeavoured to implement energy saving and discharge reduction; and created a healthy network environment. The Company also made great efforts to assist in the informationization of villages and actively participate in disaster relief work, with a view to contributing to the 
Looking forward, the Company will focus on growth and strengthen its competitiveness in order to enhance its industry status and to achieve a leading position in its core 
In 2010, the Company will firmly capture the major trend of the nation s strategy of driving the development of information technology and the upgrading of the telecommunication industry to actively develop the market, increase operation supporting capabilities; enhance execution. The Company will further adjust structure during development and increase vitality during innovation, with a view to enhancing its overall competitive strength.
Stepping up efforts in market development to increase the level of business development: To focus on the target customers to achieve the scale development of 3G subscribers; step up efforts in retaining GSM subscribers and increase the quality of subscriber development to achieve the steady development of the 2G business; actively develop the information technology application market to ensure faster growth of the broadband business; actively adopt measures such as integrated marketing to promote fixed-line and mobile integrated products to mitigate the decline in the fixed-line voice business, and to increase the share of the revenue contributed by the fixed-line non-voice business to over 
Focusing on the development of core businesses to increase the level of operational support: To expedite the enhancement of the sales capability of self-owned channels, social channels and electronic channels; strengthen business and tariff management, improve the branding system and the effective use of marketing resources to increase the level of refined marketing; establish a sound full-process management system on innovative products; expedite the enhancement of information technology support capability; further improve the standard of customer services.
Vigorously promoting network construction to increase the level of network support: To fully consider the needs of subscribers and the requirements of future development, and in accordance with the principle of a single 2G3G network to push forward the construction of the high-quality 3G network and the improvement of the 2G networks; increase the overall broadband access and basic network transmission capacity based on the carrying requirements of the mobile, broadband, integrated businesses; step up efforts in network maintenance and optimization to further improve network quality.
Establishing sound systems and mechanisms to increase fundamental management standard: To integrate the use of resources, optimize the business process to improve the overall operating flow; further enhance overall budgeting, capital and assets, risk and internal control, network information security and other aspects of basic management so as to lay a solid foundation for the sustainable development of the 
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of the Company, I would like to express my gratitude to the shareholders, the government and the community for their support to the Company. I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude to the former director in 2009, Mr.
Jung Man Won for his outstanding contribution to the Company during his term of office, and also to the management and all staff members of the Company for their efforts on the development of the Company.

