Chairman s Statement 
First at all, on behalf of the Board of China Unicom, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders and the different parts of the society for their support. In 2013, the Company focused on scale and profitable development and fully grasped its development window of opportunity to accelerate its expansion in market and market share. As a result, the Company continued to lead the industry in terms of revenue growth. Its business structure was further optimised, and its profitability recorded significant improvement.

In 2013, the Company maintained rapid revenue growth.
Operating revenue reached RMB295.04 billion, an increase of 18.5% compared with the previous year, of which, service revenue was RMB238.57 billion, up by 13.5% year-on-year, and the market share in service revenue increased steadily.
Mobile business and non-voice business accounted for 63.4% and 56.2% of service revenue respectively, indicating the Company s further optimised business structure and further enhanced capability for sustainable development.
With the rapid revenue growth and the continuous improvement in business structure, the Company achieved significant improvement in profitability, and its overall financial status turned more solid. Full-year EBITDA increased by 15.6% year-on-year to RMB83.96 billion, and net profit by 46.7% to RMB10.41 billion. The Company s cash flow status improved remarkably, with operating cash flow increasing by 11.1% year- on-year and free cash flow turning positive to RMB5.02 billion.
Based on the Company s overall financial position in 2013 and taking into account the development needs of mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses in the future, the Board recommended a final dividend payout of RMB0.16 per share for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2013.

Mobile business continued rapid development.
In 2013, the Company proactively promoted the integrated operation of its mobile business to drive the scale development. Full-year mobile service revenue reached RMB151.13 billion, up by 19.9% year-on-year. Net additions of mobile subscribers amounted to 41.67 million, and total mobile subscribers exceeded 280 million. The Company s mobile subscriber mix was further optimised, and its mobile ARPU increased further to RMB48.2.
During the year, the Company s 3G business scale recorded new breakthrough. 3G service revenue reached RMB89.80 billion, up by 50.2% year-on-year, accounting for 59.4% of the Company s mobile service revenue; 3G business has become the Company s No.1 revenue contributor. The Company s 3G subscribers reached 123 million at year end, up by 60.4% year-on-year, accounting for 43.6% of the Company s mobile subscribers. 3G ARPU maintained at a relatively high level of 
The Company deepened its data volume operation. The data usage of the Company s handset subscribers grew by 120.3% year-on-year to 269.8 billion MB. The data usage per 3G handset subscriber per month continued to increase, and user s consumption mix continued to improve.
Fixed-line business maintained steady growth.
In 2013, the Company s fixed-line service revenue increased by 3.9% year-on-year to RMB86.49 billion, of which 74.2% was generated from non-voice services. The Company proactively promoted the upgrade and speed-up of its broadband network, enhanced service capability, and accelerated the development of high-speed and bundled services. As a result, the Company s broadband business maintained rapid growth in revenue and subscribers. Full-year broadband service revenue 1 increased by 10.6% year-on-year to RMB45.99 billion, accounting for 53.2% of the Company s fixed-line service revenue. Broadband subscribers 1 reached 64.647 million at year end, up by 10.4% year-on-year.
Innovative business achieved new breakthroughs.
In 2013, the Company proactively promoted business innovation and transformation. The Company established group level payment platform, launched WO cloud- computing brand and a full range of cloud-computing products, and made new progresses in areas such as industry applications, video, music, and application stores. The Company focused its industry applications on hot areas such as auto informatisation, educational informatisation and Smart Urban Management , and its key industry application users reached 39.27 million.

In 2013, the Company continued to strengthen the network construction with a focus on mobile broadband, fiber optic broadband and transmission networks, so as to enhance its network competitiveness in the future. During the year, the Company expanded its 3G base stations by 76 thousand to 407 thousand, and further enhanced the broad and in-depth coverage of its 3G network. The Company opened HSPA+ service over the whole 3G network, which can offer downlink speed up to 21Mbps. The Company has also upgraded 3G base stations installed with multi carrier sectors to DC- HSPA+, which can offer downlink speed up to 42Mbps.
In addition, the Company accelerated the construction of fiber optic network, and its broadband access ports reached 119.07 million, of which 71% are FTTHB. The Company also completed full deployment of IPRAN so as to meet the load- carrying demand from LTE and other services.

By persisting on the customer-oriented principle, exploring innovative customer service measures and expanding customer service coverage through new Internet channels, the Company further enhanced its customer service capabilities. The Company promoted its e-commerce platform, and the share of service transactions that were conducted over e-channel reached 51.6%. The Company reformed its investment management system, so as to improve investment efficiency and effectiveness. Moreover, the Company continued to optimise its remuneration and incentive mechanism, so as to boost efficient resource allocation and quick response to customer needs. The Company promoted the integration and centralisation of its IT system, so as to enhance the Company s operational capability and efficiency.

The Company is committed to integrating its business development with its social responsibility. The Company pushed forward energy saving & emission reduction, as well as joint construction and co-sharing of telecom infrastructure, so as to promote green development. The Company took specific measures to correct inappropriate practices in areas such as junk SMS, resulting in much improved customer satisfaction. The Company made careful preparation to ensure quality communication services for major events. In addition, the Company commits itself to public welfare, and made various contributions to the society by carrying on poverty relief efforts as well as donations to education. The Company pays great attention to employee care and further boosted employees satisfaction and royalty.

Looking into the future, information and communication technology will continue to lead the global innovation trend, and 2014 is still important development window of opportunity for China Unicom. From the industry point of view, with the further implementation of a series of policies such as carrying out Broadband China strategy, stimulating ICT consumption and pushing forward 4G operation, and with the emerging new technologies and businesses such as big data, cloud computing and Internet of Things, the industry possesses greater growth potential. From the Company s point of view, its foundation for future development turns more solid. The construction and operation of WCDMA network has built the Company s leading position in the market, laying solid foundation for 4G development in the future. The rich experience gained in standardised operation, data volume operation, supply chain cooperation and e-commerce will further consolidate and expand the Company s differentiated advantages in 4G era.
In 2014, the Company will proactively cater to market changes, grasp the opportunities, leverage on its advantages and fully implement the strategy of Mobile Broadband Lead to realise the following goals: revenue growth exceeding industry average, profit growth exceeding service revenue growth, further improved CAPEX structure and effectiveness and further enhanced operational capabilities, so as to create more value for its shareholders.
The Company is full of confidence about its overall development in 2014.

