Chairman s Statement 
In 2008, faced with devastating natural disasters rarely seen in the history of China, complex market competition and the impact of the global financial crisis, the Company successfully completed a series of significant strategic reorganization of its assets and businesses. As such, the Company has become a nationwide telecommunications operator offering a full range of telecommunication services, with a long-term objective to become a world- leading broadband communications and information service provider . Meanwhile, the Company has smoothly pushed forward internal integration following its reorganization and has achieved stable development for its business.

Reform, Reorganization and Strategic 
In accordance with the spirit of the Announcement on Deepening the Reform of the Structure of the Telecommunications Sector jointly issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information, the National Development and Reform Commission and the Ministry of Finance, the Company completed the disposal of its CDMA business and certain related assets, and the merger with China Netcom in 2008. In January 2009, the Company acquired the fixed-line business and certain assets from its parent company. On 7 January 2009, the Ministry of Industry and Information granted each of the three telecommunication operators in the PRC a license to operate the 3G business in the PRC. China United Network Communications Group Company Limited received a license to operate 3G digital cell business with WCDMA technology and authorized China United Network Communications Corporation Limited, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary to operate the 3G business on a nationwide basis in China.
As a result, the Company has become a telecommunication operator offering a full range of telecommunication services nationwide, and has entered the 3G field.
Following completion of the merger with China Netcom, the Company actively promoted internal integration and synergetic development, and managed to improve its corporate governance mechanism. The board composition of the Company was changed and the organizational structure was adjusted, with management personnel for all levels in place.
On the basis of the above developments, the Company established a marketing system geared towards the needs of its three major client groups comprising individuals, families and corporations. This marketing system realized the integration of marketing resources, and created conditions for the Company s full service operation. The Company further established a mobile network company, which specializes in the construction and maintenance of mobile network, to accelerate the development of mobile communication business, in particular, the 3G business. In addition, the integration of networks and IT systems also proceeded smoothly, and progressively achieving the sharing of resources.
With the deepening of the Company s reorganization and integration, basic management areas including human resources management, financial management and business management were further regulated and unified, thus accelerating the integration and ensuring the sustained, healthy and steady development of the 
Through integration and reorganization, the Company enhanced its strength and market position and realised new competitive advantages. Faced with the forthcoming 3G era and market opportunities brought by the rapid development in the broadband Internet market, the Company formulated its long-term development strategies and is committed to fully leveraging on the advantages of full-service operations to promote product and service innovation, accelerate network construction and enhance service standards. The Company also developed and strengthened its competitive advantage in the 3G and broadband Internet markets and gradually realized its goal in becoming a world-leading broadband communication and information service provider .

In 2008, revenue from continuing operations of the Company was RMB148.91 billion. Excluding deferred upfront connection fees of RMB0.89 billion, revenue from continuing operations of the Company would be RMB148.02 billion, representing a decrease of 0.8% over 
Consolidated net profit of the Company for the year was RMB33.91 billion, which included net profit from discontinued operations of RMB27.57 billion, deferred upfront connection fees of RMB0.89 billion and consolidated basic earnings per share of RMB1.43. The continuing operations of the Company were exposed to negative effects of factors such as the impairment of assets relating to the Personal Handyphone System (PHS) business, integration and reorganization, natural disasters and adjustments of telecommunications tariffs. Excluding the effects of net profit from discontinued operations and the impairment loss on assets relating to the PHS business, the Company s adjusted net profit from continuing operations would be RMB14.33 billion, representing a decrease of 5.8% as compared to the adjusted net profit from continuing operations of last year after eliminating the effects of deferred upfront connection fees and one-off items including tax refund for re- investment and changes in fair value of convertible bonds.
The adjusted basic earnings per share from continuing operations would be RMB0.60.
The Company s operating cash flow* generated from continuing operations was RMB62.01 billion for the year.
Capital expenditure was RMB70.49 billion. Taking into account the cash inflow from the disposal of CDMA business, the Company s financial position has become more stable. As at the end of 2008, the Company s total interest-bearing debts amounted to RMB29.99 billion.
Debt-to-capitalisation ratio declined from 26.9% as at the end of 2007 to 12.7% as at the end of 2008. Net debt-to- capitalisation ratio declined from 22.0% as at the end of 2007 to 8.8% as at the end of 2008.
Based on the Company s financial position in 2008 and taking into account the continuing robust development opportunities in the mobile communication and fixed-line broadband businesses, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.2 per share for the year ended 31 December 2008.

In 2008, the Company s mobile business, fixed-line broadband and data communications businesses maintained sound growth, while the traditional fixed-line business continued to decline. The capacity and quality of the mobile network and the fixed-line broadband network were continuously improved.
*Note: Please refer to the section headed Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for the basis of financial reporting.
The Company strengthened its value-added services by continuing to focus on brand marketing for its GSM business, expedited the promotion of new service measures such as the nationwide mobile recharging card and electronic channels. The Company generated revenue of RMB65.25 billion from the mobile business, representing an increase of 4.3% over last year. Of which, the service revenue of mobile business accounted for RMB64.70 billion. As at the end of 2008, the number of GSM subscribers reached 133.365 million, representing an increase of 10.6% over last year, with an annual net addition of 12.801 million subscribers. Meanwhile, the Company increased efforts in the promotion of mobile value-added services, which include GPRS and Cool Ringtone . Revenue from the mobile value-added service accounted for 24.9% of total revenue from mobile business, representing an increase of 3.3 percentage points over last year.
In order to actively cope with the challenges facing the fixed-line business, the Company firmly captured market opportunities to vigorously develop the fixed-line broadband and data communication businesses.
Meanwhile, the Company also vigorously promoted the bundled business of Family 1+ and improved its packages on voice volume to exploit the value of its fixed- line network. In 2008, the Company recorded revenue of RMB82.77 billion from its fixed-line business, representing a decrease of 4.4% over last year. Revenue from its fixed- line broadband and data communications businesses amounted to RMB25.17 billion, an increase of 23.9% over last year. Revenue from its traditional fixed-line business was RMB53.23 billion, representing a decrease of 12.3% over last year. As at the end of 2008, the number of the Company s fixed-line broadband subscribers reached 25.416 million, representing an increase of 28.6% over last year, with an annual net addition of 5.648 million subscribers. The number of local telephone subscribers was 100.146 million, representing a decrease of 10.674 million subscribers over last year.
During the year, the Company increased its investment in the mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses, which greatly enhanced the network capacity of its GSM network and fixed-line broadband network and improved its network quality. It has laid a solid foundation for the Company s future sustained and healthy growth.
Corporate Social Responsibility In 2008, by combining corporate development with social development, the Company performed social responsibilities by actively participating in social welfare activities in various areas, such as environmental protection, poverty alleviation and education in order to promote corporate image and facilitate the harmonious development of both industry and society.
Faced with the freezing rain and snowstorm disasters in certain areas of southern China at the beginning of the year and the devastating Wenchuan earthquake on 12 May 2008, the Company made great efforts to ensure unblocked communications and post-disaster 
As a partner of the 2008 Beijing Olympics, the Company, through its strong business capabilities and advanced technologies, successfully provided services to ensure uninterrupted communication during the Olympics. By embracing the philosophy of a Hi-Tech Olympics , the Company strived for technology and business innovation, and achieved a number of firsts for communication services provision in the Olympic history.
OUTLOOK FOR 2009 Looking forward to 2009, with new changes brought by telecommunication technology evolution, broadband mobile Internet development and market needs, the new opportunities arising from informatization and industrialization in the PRC and the initiative of expanding domestic demand to sustain growth notwithstanding the risks and challenges ahead brought by the international financial crisis, the Company plans to capture every opportunity in 3G business development, further expanding its subscriber base, optimizing subscriber structure and facilitating the development of upgrading fixed line and mobile communications, in order to realize the objective of creating new advantages through consolidation to achieve new developments in 3G. In 2009, the Company s main development strategies include: Capturing opportunities brought by 3G business to accelerate mobile business development: To accelerate the construction of the 3G network and to strive for establishing leading positions in network, business and services; provide 3G services in 284 cities across China by the end of 2009; and further improve the quality of the GSM network; optimize subscriber portfolio to increase the penetration rate of the GSM value-added services; and ensure the coordinated development of the 2G and 3G businesses and their mutual complementation.
Strengthening broadband upgrading and speed enhancement to achieve sustained and rapid growth of the fixed-line broadband business: To accelerate the implementation of broadband upgrade and speed increase and further improve its broadband access capability; promote the marketing model of contents + applications + access + services to increase the percentage of paying subscribers in total subscribers of contents and applications; strengthen its dominant position in northern China, and establish local competitive advantages in key areas and key customers to increase its market share in southern China; and emphasize on the rural market and expand the rural subscriber base with a focus on profitability.
Promoting product and business innovation to facilitate business integration and the development of value-added services: To transform from simple service bundling to profound service integration with a focus on corporate and family customers; further improve product and business innovation capability, innovate the product operation model and optimize the business model, with a view to achieving the scale operation of the value-added services and forming competitive advantages.
Comprehensive utilization of diverse business resources to mitigate the decline of the traditional fixed-line business: To slow down the decline of the local telephone business through bundling mobile and broadband services; promote packages based on voice traffic volume by leveraging on the advantage in network resources; and increase the penetration rate of the value- added services to provide comprehensive information services to customers and exploit further value from the 
Improving customer recognition to create corporate brand image: To further consolidate corporate brands, marketing channels, networks and IT support systems to build a unified full service system; accelerate the realization of nationwide full service recharging card and electronic channels; strive to raise service standard to improve customer recognition and enhance corporate brand image.
Lastly, I would like to take this opportunity to express my heartfelt gratitude, on behalf of the Board of the Company, to the former directors in 2008, namely Mr. Li Gang, Mr.
Zhang Junan, Mr. Lu Jianguo, Mr. Lee Suk Hwan, Mr.
Shan Weijian and Mr. Kim Shin Bae, for their outstanding contribution to the Company during their terms of office, and to welcome Mr. Lu Yimin, Mr. Zuo Xunsheng, Mr.
Cesareo Alierta Izuel, Mr. John Lawson Thornton, Mr.
Timpson Chung Shui Ming and Mr. Jung Man Won to the Board. I would also like to express my most sincere appreciation to the government, shareholders, customers, employees and partners for their support during the extraordinary year of 2008.

