Chairman s Statement 
In 2011, led by 3G and fixed-line broadband, the Company expedited the establishment of differentiation advantages. The overall development showed a trend of sustained and accelerating improvement. While revenue grew rapidly, its market share increased steadily. The business structure became more rational with a gradual improvement in profitability. The overall strength and sustainable development capability of the Company were further 
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 1, 2 In 2011, the growth of the Company s revenue accelerated. Revenue of the Company (excluding deferred fixed-line upfront connection fee, same hereinafter unless otherwise specified) totaled RMB209.15 billion, an increase of 22.2% compared with last year. Service revenue was RMB185.87 billion, an increase of 13.4% compared with last year. EBITDA was RMB63.40 billion, an increase of 6.7% compared with last year. Net profit was RMB4.21 billion, an increase of 20.0% compared with last year. Basic earnings per share was RMB0.179 (including deferred fixed-line upfront connection fee).
In 2011, operating cash flows of the Company was RMB66.49 billion, an increase of 0.2% compared with last year. Capital expenditure was RMB76.66 billion, an increase of 9.2% compared with last year. As at 31 December 2011, debt-to-capitalisation ratio was 34.2% and net debt-to-capitalisation ratio was 29.4%. The Company s debt-to-capitalisation structure 
Based on the Company s financial position in 2011 and taking into account the development needs of the mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.10 per share for the year ended 31 December 2011.
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 1, 2 In 2011, driven by the continued and rapid growth of the 3G and fixed-line broadband businesses, the revenue of the Company grew rapidly. The growth of service revenue in 2011 exceeded that of the industry average by 3.4 percentage points, and the Company s market share increased steadily. Together with the rapid revenue growth, the Company s business and revenue structures continued to improve. Service revenue from the mobile business accounted for 55.6% of the total service revenue. Service revenue from the non-voice business accounted for 48.7% of the total service revenue.

In 2011, the mobile business of the Company showed a strong growth momentum. The aggregate number of the Company s mobile subscribers was 199.660 million, an increase of 19.3% compared with last year. Service revenue from the mobile business was RMB103.31 billion, an increase of 25.3% compared with last year. Driven by the growth in the number of 3G subscribers, the subscriber mix and the revenue structure of the mobile business continued to improve. The ARPU of mobile subscribers was RMB47.3, an increase of 8.2% compared with last year. Driven by an increase of 293.4% in mobile data usage compared with last year, the revenue from the mobile non-voice business increased rapidly and accounted for 37.2% of the total revenue from the mobile business.
The 3G business became the largest driving force of the Company s revenue growth: In 2011, the Company further strengthened and expanded its differentiation competitive advantages in the 3G business by fully capitalizing on the driving effect of handsets, channels and applications. The Company experienced a rapid and substantial growth in its 3G business.
The net additions of 3G subscribers increased by 25.959 million to 40.019 million in 2011, representing 20.0% of the total mobile subscribers. The ARPU of 3G subscribers maintained a relatively high level of RMB110.0. Service revenue from the 3G business was RMB32.74 billion, representing an increase of 182.3% compared with last year and accounting for 31.7% of the service revenue from the mobile business.
During the year, the Company further utilized the leading advantages of WCDMA in the field of intelligent handsets, continued to enrich the offering of customized handsets and established competitive advantages in products at all price levels. In the second half year, the Company, in collaboration with various parties in the industry chain, launched the world s first thousand-RMB smartphones with a 3.5-inch capacitive screen and a CPU 600MHz or above, which became an important driving force in speeding up the popularity of mobile Internet following the introduction of iPhone and rapidly increased the net additions of the Company s 3G subscribers.
The Company continued to break through the scale of independent channels and actively improved sales and settlement processes, resulting in an overall improvement in the productivity and efficiency of independent channels.
Independent channels of the 3G business accounted for 53% of the sales for the year. The Company accelerated the enhancement of sales capability of its self-owned stores and implemented experiential marketing model transformation in 3,500 self-owned stores, resulting in a significant increase in sales per store. The Company also actively promoted sales through e-channels and achieved a rapid growth in the usage of its online store. The turnover of the Company s online store was RMB23.07 billion for the year, an increase of 86% compared with 
With respect to contents and applications, the Company focused its efforts on key products such as music, reading and application stores and widely promoted experience and contents delivery activities, resulting in increased usages by subscribers. In 2011, the average data usage per month of the Company s 3G subscribers was 267 MB, an increase of 50.1% compared with last year. In the second half year, the Company creatively launched the WO+ open system to enhance its product aggregation, channel sales, refined operation and smart pipe capabilities, so as to increase usage and aggregate applications and continually expand the influence of operators.
GSM business remained generally stable: In 2011, the Company strengthened its efforts in the marketing of its GSM data services and boldly explored the transformation of the GSM business marketing model in areas such as products and channels. The net additions of subscribers for the year were 6.275 million, bringing the total number to 159.641 million. Service revenue from the GSM business was RMB70.57 billion which generally maintained stable. Due to various factors such as the intense competition in voice sector and the substitutive impact of mobile Internet products, GSM voice business continued to decline. Driven by the growth in businesses such as mobile Internet, data business achieved rapid growth.

In 2011, the Company actively carried out the marketing of fixed-line broadband speed enhancement and the integrated business. The rapid growth in the fixed-line broadband business effectively offset the decline in the local telephone business 3 .
Service revenue from the fixed-line business in the year was RMB81.63 billion, an increase of 2.4% compared with last year.
Revenue from the non-voice business accounted for 63.9% of the total revenue from the fixed-line business. The business structure further improved.
The fixed-line broadband business continued to grow rapidly: During the year, the Company has expedited fixed-line broadband speed enhancement and actively implemented the marketing of speed enhancement. The total number of fixed- line broadband subscribers for the year increased by 17.8% compared with last year to 55.651 million. Service revenue from fixed-line broadband business increased by 18.1% compared with last year, which for the first time exceeded service revenue from the fixed-line voice business and accounted for 43.2% of the service revenue from fixed-line business.
Retaining fixed-line value through the integrated business: The Company actively implemented the marketing of local telephone voice packages and valued-added services, vigorously promoted integrated products and exerted itself to increase fixed-line subscriber value. In 2011, the total number of subscribers of the Company s WO Family increased by 7.975 million, resulting in a 2.2% increase in the total number of fixed- line voice subscribers to 85.064 million in 2011 compared with last year. Due to the decline in the ARPU and the significant loss of PHS subscribers, the total service revenue from the local telephone business 3 for the year was RMB34.00 billion, a decline of 15.2% compared with last year.

In 2011, the Company focused on scale promotion of key industry application products, such as mobile OA, government enforcement, automobile information services, monitoring and surveillance and stock trading machine, and continuously expanded its influence in key industrial sectors, such as central government-owned enterprises, government, automobile and finance. As at the end of 2011, the total number of subscribers of key industry applications exceeded 10 million. Leveraging on its leading edge in industry application sector, the Company speeded up its full-service business development for corporate clients, driving a rapid growth in the corporate client business.

In 2011, the Company accelerated 3G network building and continued to improve the GSM networks. The number of 3G base stations increased by 56,000 for the year and the number of GSM base stations increased by 46,000. The total number of mobile base stations was 614,000, an increase of 19.9% compared with last year. The Company completed 3G network HSPA+ upgrade in 56 key cities throughout the country and continued to maintain its leading edge in 3G network and technology. The Company exerted great efforts to facilitate the development of its optical access networks. The total number of fixed-line broadband access ports was 85.923 million, of which, the percentage of FTTHB ports was 45%. The network quality of the Company was further enhanced.

In 2011, the Company actively explored reforms in the operational and organizational systems geared to the new business model, further improved the integrated marketing system targeting corporate clients and increased sales and service capabilities. The Company also actively propelled the full cost evaluation system with LAN as the unit and facilitated the improvement of resource efficiency. Guided by scale and effectiveness, the Company enhanced the remuneration incentive mechanism and continuously promoted corporate 
The Company persisted in service innovation and strengthened customer service mechanism dedicated to different customer groups, resulting in a continued enhancement in client experience on key services. In a survey on overall customer services satisfaction conducted by the MIIT, the Company s 3G services ranked the first based on the customer satisfaction 
Being faced with a complicated and changing macroeconomic environment, and with the continual emergence of new technologies and new businesses in the information and communication industries and the accelerating cross-sector integration of industries, the communication industry in China is still expected to maintain relatively fast growth. With the improvement of networks and the enrichment of handsets, the conditions for WCDMA to achieve even faster development in China have become increasingly mature. The penetration rate of 3G will further accelerate and the mobile Internet application market will continue to prosper. China has strengthened the construction of network infrastructure and specifically implemented the strategy of broadband China, which will drive the broadband business to continue to grow rapidly.
China Unicom has established differentiation advantages to a certain extent in the mobile broadband data business sector, accumulated more extensive operating experience and gradually built up a good reputation. The Company is confident that it will be able to grasp the valuable strategic opportunity and timing window, speed up its scaled development in key businesses to ensure a faster increase in revenue and market share, and achieve a faster growth in profit and a greater value 
In 2012, the Company will further increase the network investment of WCDMA, ensure allocation of resources to the growing sectors and continue to propel management innovation and reform. While maintaining a faster growth in profitability level, the Company will strive to achieve a greater breakthrough in business development and revenue scale so as to further enhance its standards in development, profitability and management. Major operating initiatives and targets include: Accelerating the construction of WCDMA target network and ensuring the needs of market development. In 2012, the Company will accelerate the construction of 3G target network, further expand the coverage of HSPA+, basically eliminate 3G network blind and weak coverage spots in all cities and achieve full 3G coverage in villages and towns in the eastern and central regions and the western developed regions, as well as key scenic spots and transportation routes. By taking the opportunity of the implementation of Broadband China strategy, the Company will continue to facilitate the construction of the optical access networks, which are mainly based on FTTHB to achieve an access rate of 10M and above in major competitive areas of cities and an access rate of 2M and above in rural areas.
Driving the large-scale growth of key businesses and realizing a faster increase in revenue and market share.
The Company will utilize all resources and take advantage of its handsets, channels and applications to further increase the penetration rate of contract subscribers and ensure a new breakthrough for large-scale growth of the 3G business.
The Company will fully accelerate the upgrade and speed enhancement of fixed-line broadband business and leverage its advantages in integrated business so as to achieve a continued and rapid growth of the broadband business and the continued improvement of the fixed-line business structure. The Company will further promote the integrated business and the transformation of the marketing model of the GSM business to maintain the steady development of the GSM business during 
Boldly promoting innovation and reforms and further strengthening basic management. The Company will actively adapt to the changes in the model of business development, continue to optimize the marketing organizational structure, expedite the progress in electronic sales and services to fully enhance its marketing and sales capability. The Company will further promote specialized operational reforms supported by network construction, maintenance and IT to reinforce the overall business support capability. In addition, the Company will promote the budget control system with LAN as the core and an enhanced control over specialized lines, implement a dynamic resource allocation mechanism that matches business development with the revenue level and continuously enhance scientific and transparent resource allocation. The Company will continue to improve its remuneration incentive mechanism to promote corporate vigour in operation.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of the Company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders, the government and the community for their support to the development of the Company, and also to the management and all staff members of the Company for their unremitting efforts in the development of the Company.

