Chairman s Statement 
In the past 2012, the Company continued to lead the industry in terms of revenue growth. Its market share further increased, its business structure further improved, and its profitability showed significant improvement.
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE 1 In 2012, the Company s operating revenue reached RMB248.93 billion, an increase of 19.0% compared with the previous year (excluding deferred fixed-line upfront connection fee in 2011, same hereinafter unless otherwise specified), of which, service revenue was RMB210.13 billion, up by 13.1% year-on-year.
Together with the rapid revenue growth, the Company also recorded significant improvement in profitability in 2012. EBITDA reached RMB72.66 billion, up by 14.6% year-on-year; and EBITDA as a percentage of service revenue was 34.6%, up by 0.5 percentage point year-on-year. Net profit reached RMB7.10 billion, up by 68.5% year-on- year; and basic earnings per share was RMB0.301. Operating cash flow was RMB70.62 billion, up by 6.2% year-on- year; CAPEX was RMB99.79 billion.
Based on the Company s overall financial position in 2012 and taking into account the development needs of mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses in the future, the Board recommended a final dividend payout of RMB0.12 per share for the year ended 31 December 2012.
BUSINESS PERFORMANCE 1 Centering on business scale and market share expansions, the Company accelerated the development of the key businesses in 2012, such as 3G and fixed-line broadband. Its revenue grew rapidly, and its service revenue growth exceeded the industry average by 4.1 percentage points, resulting in a further increase in its market share. In addition, the Company achieved further improvement in its business structure, with mobile business s share of total service revenue up by 4.4 percentage points year-on-year to 60.0%, and non-voice business s share up by 3.9 percentage points year-on-year to 53.1%.
Rapid 3G Growth Driving Transformation and Upgrade of Mobile Business In 2012, the Company s mobile business maintained its rapid growth momentum. Mobile subscribers reached 239.312 million at year end, up by 19.9% year-on-year; and mobile service revenue reached RMB126.04 billion, up by 22.0% year-on-year.
In addition, the Company s mobile business structure in terms of subscribers and revenue achieved further improvement. 3G s share of total mobile subscribers reached 31.9%, up by 11.9 percentage points year-on-year; 3G s share of mobile service revenue reached 47.4%. Mobile ARPU reached RMB47.9, up by 1.3% year-on-year, of which 3G ARPU was RMB86.1.
During the year, the Company proactively leveraged its supply chain advantage and enhanced data volume operation to drive 3G scale development. In 2012, the Company s 3G subscribers reached 76.456 million at year end, with net additions of 36.437 million; 3G service revenue reached RMB59.80 billion, up by 82.6% year-on-year. In addition, 3G sales and marketing efficiency also recorded further improvement, with handset subsidies as a percentage of 3G service revenue falling to 10.2% from 17.7% of the previous year. In 2012, the Company s GSM subscribers grew to 162.856 million at year end, up by 2.0% year-on-year; GSM service revenue decreased by 6.1% year-on-year to RMB66.24 billion. The revenue decline was mainly due to the decrease in revenues from traditional services such as voice and SMS.
To drive rapid growth in mobile data business, the Company enhanced the cooperation with its supply chain, further improved smartphones quality-to-price ratios, continued to carry out experiential marketing, and implemented the integrated operation of its mobile business. In 2012, mobile data volume increased by 92.0% compared with the previous year.
Solid Broadband Growth Ensuring Stable Development of Fixed-line Business In 2012, the Company s fixed-line business achieved stable development. Fixed-line service revenue grew by 1.9% year- on-year to RMB83.21 billion, of which 70.0% was generated from non-voice services, indicating a continuous improvement in 
During the year, the Company continued to promote the upgrade and speed-up of its broadband network, and strived to improve user experience of its broadband subscribers. The Company s broadband subscribers grew by 14.8% year-on-year; broadband service revenue reached RMB39.37 billion, up by 11.8% year-on- year, and its share of fixed-line service revenue reached 47.3%.
The Company proactively promoted broadband-centered WO Family integrated service to help stabilise the fixed-line business.
As at year end 2012, WO Family subscribers accounted for 28.8% of the Company s residential broadband subscribers, up by 10.2 percentage points year-on-year.
Scale Development of Key Industry Applications and Further Enhanced Capability to Serve 
In 2012, the Company leveraged the construction of Smart City, and proactively established its incubation base for industry applications to improve its R&D capabilities. The Company also leveraged its reputation accumulated from some key sectors to expand its industry applications subscriber base through further strategic cooperation. As at year end 2012, the Company s key industry applications users reached 22.99 million. The Company has established its leading positions in the areas such as mobile office, auto informatization, wireless surveillance, etc.

In 2012, the Company strived to build future-oriented high- speed mobile and fixed-line broadband networks, and its overall network capabilities recorded substantial improvement. In 2012, the Company s 3G base stations increased by 92,000 to 331,000, covering almost every town in the eastern and central China as well as developed towns in the western China. All of the Company s 3G base stations have been upgraded to HSPA+, which can offer downlink speed up to 21Mbps, maintaining the Company s network advantage. The Company also accelerated the upgrade of its transmission network, and the network s transmission capacity and load-carrying capabilities were 
Leveraging the further implementation of broadband network upgrade and speed-up, the Company continued to carry out fiber optic broadband network construction to strengthen its broadband network competitiveness. As at year end, the Company s fixed-line broadband access ports increased by 23.9% to 106.46 million, of which 59% were FTTHB access ports, up by 14 percentage points 
In 2012, the Company continued to carry out management reform in key areas. Striving to enhance sales and customer service capabilities, the Company further optimised job functions, consolidated resources, improved market-driven, customer- focused vertically integrated sales and marketing system, and proactively explored ways to establish operation and management mechanism suitable for e-commerce. The Company also further pushed forward the centralised, standard and professional data management to enhance IT system s supporting capability and overall management transparency. In addition, the Company further enhanced full cost evaluation and benchmarking management toward local access network units, and optimised scale and profit oriented remuneration incentive mechanism. As a result, the Company s overall vigor was further strengthened.
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY The Company has been committed to balancing between its business development and its social responsibility. The Company proactively promoted sustainable development mode, took good care of its employees, dedicated itself to public services and strived to contribute to the society. The Company proactively promoted energy-saving technologies as well as joint construction and co-sharing of telecom infrastructure, and pushed forward the transformation of offline products and services to online. In 2012, the energy consumption per carrier frequency in its mobile network fell by 7.5% year-on-year. With high social responsibility awareness and quick response, the Company ensured safe and stable communications during the natural disasters such as the floods in South China and the earthquake in Yunnan in 2012.
The Company paid great attention to employee care and closely followed employees physical and mental health to improve employees satisfaction and royalty.

Looking into 2013, China s economy is expected to maintain stable growth. The development of new industrialisation, informatisation, urbanisation and agricultural modernisation also shows clear acceleration. The government is expected to take further measures to enlarge domestic consumption and ensure people s livelihood.
All these are bringing in new opportunities to the communications industry. In addition, further maturing mobile Internet value chain, rapidly growing demand for data services and accelerating penetration of informatization into all parts of the society indicate that 3G and broadband businesses are still on the stage of rapid 
2013 is still important development window of opportunity for China Unicom. The Company will firmly grasp the strategic opportunity, fully leveraged its differentiated advantages, and accelerate the scale and profitable development. The Company will also pay close attention and proactively response to new opportunities brought about by LTE, market opening and trials on resale of mobile services. The Company set up the following development targets for 2013: industry-leading revenue growth, further increased profitability, substantially lowered CAPEX-to-sales ratio, continued network advantages, and further enhanced 
Centering on its full year development targets, the Company will accelerate scale and profitable growth in 3G business, ensure solid growth in broadband business, accelerate the integrated development of 2G and 3G businesses, fixed-line and mobile businesses, and continue to increase its efforts on industry applications development and promotion, so as to realise continuous rapid growth in mobile business and stable development of fixed-line business. The Company will further improve margins, investment returns and resource use efficiency to realise continuous rapid growth in EBITDA and net profit.
The Company will further improve 3G network coverage to maintain its network advantage and enhance network quality and customer perception; accelerate FTTHB based fiber optic access network construction; and fully deploy IPRAN to increase transmission capacity and meet future bandwidth demand from LTE. In addition, the Company will continue to carry out further management improvement, accelerate the transformation of sales and customer service system to cope with mobile Internet trend, and continuously improve its capabilities in market response and customer service to keep pace with ever changing market, so as to constantly strengthen its internal development capabilities.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of the Company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders, the government and different parts of the society for their support to the development of the Company, and also to the management and all staff members of the Company for their consistent efforts in the development of the Company.

