In 2010, the Company focused on the implementation of 3G Leadership and Integrated Innovation Strategies and actively optimized resource allocation to accelerate innovation and development. As a result, the Company achieved rapid growth in revenue and significant results in structural adjustments, while network capacity and service standards continued to improve, further enhancing its overall competitive strength.

In 2010, revenue of the Company totaled RMB171.30 billion, an increase of 11.3% compared with last year, of which, telecommunications service revenue was RMB162.00 billion.
After excluding deferred upfront connection fee, revenue and telecommunications service revenue would be increased by 11.5% and 8.5% respectively compared with last year.
Revenue from mobile business (Note 1) was RM89.55 billion, an increase of 24.4% compared with last year. Revenue from fixed-line business (Note 1) was RMB80.06 billion, a decline of 1.2% compared with last year after excluding deferred upfront connection fee.
Benefit from the rapid growth of revenue, in 2010, EBITDA of the Company was RMB59.59 billion, representing an increase of 2.2% over last year when compared on the same basis (Note 2). However, due to network scale expansion and the initial stage of the 3G business operation, the Company continued to face pressure on profit. Profit for the year was RMB3.85 billion, a decline of 55.0% over last year when compared on the same basis (Note 2). Basic earnings per share was RMB0.163.
As at 31 December 2010, operating cash flows of the Company was RMB66.34 billion, an increase of 14.9% compared with last year. Capital expenditure was RMB70.19 billion, a decline of 37.6% compared with last year. Debt-to- capitalisation ratio was 32.0% and net debt-to-capitalisation ratio was 24.6%. The Company s debt-to-capitalisation structure remained solid.
Based on the Company s financial position in 2010 and taking into account the development needs of the mobile and fixed- line broadband businesses, the Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.08 per share for the year ended 31 December 2010.

In 2010, the Company s overall business achieved rapid growth. Driven by its 3G business, the growth of the mobile business accelerated, and telecommunications service revenue exceeded that from fixed-line business for the first time, which accounted for 50.9% of the total telecommunications service revenue. Fixed-line business remained stable, and telecommunication service revenue accounted for 48.6% of the total telecommunications service revenue, declined from 53% of last year. The subscriber structure gradually improved while the business structure and revenue structure became more rationalized.

In 2010, telecommunications service revenue from mobile business was RMB82.36 billion, up by 18.0% compared with last year. Revenue structure continued to improve. Revenue from the mobile non-voice business accounted for 32.0% of telecommunications service revenue from mobile business, an increase of 4.4 percentage points compared with last year.
The total number of mobile subscribers reached 167.426 million, an increase of 13.4% compared with last year. The overall ARPU of mobile subscribers was RMB 43.7, an increase of 5.0% compared with last year.
Growth of the 3G business accelerated: In 2010, the Company persisted in its unified 3G operating strategy in brands, services, package, tariffs, handset policies and service standards. The Company also devoted efforts to fully leverage on the advantage of the WCDMA industry chain and created an innovative business development model, and formed a differentiated competitive advantage in the 3G business area.
During the year, the Company proactively adapted to market changes and customer demands, enriched 3G package system, and gradually expanded its target subscriber base.
At the same time, the Company actively created an open and collaborative environment, launched more than 100 customized 3G handset models and successfully introduced iPhone4, thereby meeting the demands of subscribers with different spending power on handsets and driving the rapid growth in subscribers. The Company also strived to make breakthroughs in developing the channel system, and established strategic partnerships with mainstream independent channels such as Suning and GOME.
Independent channels of 3G business accounted for more than 40% of the sales for the year. The Company launched content application products such as e-reading and WO Store. The contents of mobile newspaper, mobile music and mobile TV were further enriched, leading to a substantial increase in subscriber penetration. The monthly average data usage per subscriber reached 178M, showing the gradual formation of customers data consumption habit.
In 2010, telecommunications service revenue of 3G business was RMB11.59 billion, with a quarterly average period-on- period growth of 40.2%. The net additions of 3G subscribers were 11.318 million, taking the subscriber number to 14.06 million, of which, subscribers with handset purchase accounted for 90.4%. The ARPU was RMB124.
The GSM business remained stable: In 2010, the Company actively changed the GSM business development model and leveraged on the advantage of full-service resources to vigorously promote the integrated business and enhance the effectiveness of development.
Telecommunications service revenue of the GSM business reached RMB70.77 billion, an increase of 2.6% compared with last year. The net additions of GSM subscribers were 8.521 million, taking the total subscriber number to 153.366 million, an increase of 5.9% compared with last year. The ARPU was RMB39.5, a decrease of 4.1% compared with 
In 2010, excluding deferred upfront connection fee, telecommunications service revenue from fixed-line business was RMB78.70 billion, a decline of 0.4% compared with last year. The structure of the fixed-line business continued to improve. Revenue from the fixed-line non-voice business exceeded revenue from voice business for the first time, and accounted for 55.2% of telecommunications service revenue from fixed-line business, an increase of 7.1 percentage points compared with last year.
The fixed-line broadband business continued to grow rapidly: In 2010, the Company continued to upgrade broadband and enhance broadband speed, actively developed the incremental markets and stepped up efforts to market content applications. The fixed-line broadband business maintained a rapid growth and recorded revenue of RMB29.82 billion, an increase of 24.8% compared with last year. As at the end of 2010, the total number of fixed-line broadband subscribers was 47.224 million, an increase of 22.5% compared with last year. The ARPU was RMB57.1, largely in line with last year.
The decline in the fixed-line voice business (Note 3) slowed down: In 2010, the Company actively promoted the integrated business, implemented the sales and marketing of voice volume package and endeavored to slow down the decline in the fixed-line voice business (Note 3). The fixed- line voice business recorded revenue of RMB40.12 billion, a decline of 13.3% compared with last year. The total loss of local telephone subscribers was 6.187 million and the total number of subscribers was 96.635 million, of which, the loss of PHS subscribers was 5.319 million and the total number of subscribers was 13.423 million. The ARPU of local telephone subscribers was RMB 28.9, a decline of 8.0% compared with last year.
Integrated business and industry applications In 2010, the Company stepped up efforts to develop and market industry application products, optimized the composition of corporate clients and enhanced front desk sales capability and the capability of providing industry application solutions. During the year, the Company launched 22 industry application products such as video monitoring, intelligent public transport and achieved breakthrough progress in the promotion of industry applications such as mobile office and mobile stocks, driving the rapid growth of the corporate client business.
For family customers, the Company focused on promoting integrated products such as airtime sharing and single bill payment, resulting in a rapid growth in subscribers of integrated service packages. At the end of the year, the Company launched WO" Family to offer integrated 3G and broadband service experience to subscribers, which would drive the growth of fixed-line broadband and mobile subscribers, enhance loyalty of fixed-line users and increase network value of fixed-line.

In 2010, the Company exerted itself to strengthen the breadth and depth of the coverage of 3G networks, continued to enhance the GSM network and accelerated the broadband network upgrade and speed enhancement. As a result, the network capacity continued to strengthen, which provided strong support for business development. As at 31 December 2010, the number of 3G base stations was 183,000, an increase of 70.8% compared with last year. The number of GSM base stations was 329,000, an increase of 15.5% compared with last year. The 3G network coverage reached cities at county level and above throughout the country, as well as villages and towns in eastern developed area. The GSM network coverage reached all villages and towns except remote areas, as well as almost all administrative villages.
The number of fixed-line broadband access ports was 65.83 million, an increase of 29.3% compared with last year, of which, ports with 20M or above accounted for 38%.

In 2010, the Company persisted in management system and mechanism innovation, optimized the marketing structure targeting general public and corporate clients, and integrated the new product operation framework, which effectively enhanced the responsiveness to the market and product support capability. The Company implemented the ERP core system on a nationwide basis and established the local network evaluation system, which laid a solid foundation for implementing refined management and a scientific and effective resource allocation mechanism.
By adapting to the changes in the subscriber structure and consumption habit, the Company swiftly promoted reforms in customer service and took the initiative to implement the 3G-dedicated customer care model and established nationwide unified new channels for services such as online stores and mobile stores. The Company exerted itself to enhance service capability targeting high-end subscribers and strengthened integrated business and new business service capability, resulting in a continued enhancement in customer 
In 2010, with the wide promotion of the WO brand, the improvement in network quality and product and service experience, the influence of the Company s WO brand continued to grow.

The information communication technology industry is experiencing significant innovations and reforms. The cross- sector integration of the industry and the rapid development of the mobile Internet have led to tremendous new business opportunities with an enormous development potential. The Company will firmly grasp this valuable strategic opportunity to further implement the 3G Leadership and Integrated Innovation Strategies and endeavor to achieve new breakthroughs in the scale of development and an overall improvement in its comprehensive strength and quickly become an innovation and service leader for information life .
In 2011, the Company s major operating measures and 
The Company will strive to achieve breakthrough in 3G, broadband and other key businesses in terms of economies of scale, further increase its overall revenue and continue to improve its profitability. The Company will further optimize the product structure, enhance terminal driven and leverage on the advantage of integration to facilitate a breakthrough development of revenue and subscribers from 3G business.
The Company will implement the sophisticated marketing of the GSM business and ensure the steady development of the GSM business. The Company will also maintain the rapid growth of the fixed-line broadband business so as to achieve continuous improvement in the structure of the fixed-line business. The Company will actively promote the integration of mobile and fixed-line business, provide enterprises, families and individuals with better variety of information services, so as to meet customer demands on comprehensive one-stop information service, and achieve economies of scale and new breakthroughs for its business integration and development of industry applications for key sectors.
By firmly grasping the great opportunity in the development of new technologies and new businesses in relation to information networks, the Company will expedite the development of the emerging information service industry and step up efforts in promoting key content application products such as mobile e-commerce, video, reading and social network. In addition, the Company will strengthen commercialization and application promotion of key technologies such as new generation mobile communication, next generation Internet, the Internet of Things and Cloud Computing. The Company aims to boost subscribers consumption in data services by providing differentiated services and diversified content applications, further increase the income contribution from the non-voice business and promote the transformation of the development of the 
Capitalizing on the opportunity of constructing information technology facilities for the next generation, the Company is devoted to continuously create the 3G premium network and accelerate the establishment of WLAN to maintain its leading position in the 3G network industry. Furthermore, the Company will continue to refine the GSM network, expedite the upgrading and speed enhancement of broadband and carry forward the establishment of the all-optical network. In 2011, the Company will launch HSPA+ in major cities and increase the network downlink rate from 14.4M at present to 
The Company will also actively promote service innovation, and further enhance service capabilities; speed up the construction of information support system to provide a firm support for the continuous reformation of its sales services and management; deepen the implementation of cost evaluation management of local network to optimize the allocation of resources; and actively explore innovative systems and mechanisms to inject new vitality into the Company s development.
Lastly, on behalf of the Board of the Company, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders, the government and the community for their support to the development of the Company, and also to the management and all staff members of the Company for their unremitting efforts in the development of the Company.

