Chairman s Statement 
Chairman and CEO I am pleased to report that the Company maintained healthy development in all aspects of its businesses in 2007, with the achievements of solid growth in business revenue, continuous improvement in profitability and stronger financial position.

In 2007, our total revenue was RMB99.54 billion, an increase of 4.4% from 2006. Our service revenue was RMB94.64 billion, an increase of 3.9% from 2006. Service revenue from our GSM business was RMB62.78 billion, while service revenue from our CDMA business was RMB27.73 billion. Service revenue from the long-distance, data and Internet businesses amounted to RMB4.13 billion.
Our profit for the year was RMB9.30 billion, an increase of 144.7% from 2006. Basic earnings per share reached RMB0.713, an increase of 136.1% from 2006. Excluding the effect on changes in fair value of derivative component of convertible bonds and tax refund on reinvestment, our profit before income tax would be increased by 19.9% from 2006, profit for the year would be RMB7.09 billion, an increase of 14.4% from 2006, while basic earnings per share would 
Our debt-to-capitalization ratio declined from 24.3% as at the end of 2006 to 3.8% as at the end of 2007. Free cash flow was RMB6.61 billion.
The Board of Directors is pleased to announce that it has recommended the payment of a final dividend of RMB0.20 per share for 2007. If such proposed dividend is approved at the Company s annual general meeting, the Company will pay the dividend around 12 June 2008.
Review of 2007 In 2007, in response to the intensifying market competition and the challenges arising from the adjustment of the Calling-Party-Pays cellular tariff policy, the Company continued to reinforce the transformation of its business model, enhance its development quality and uplift its management standard. In addition, the Company actively furthered innovation and developed international cooperation. As such, considerable progress has been achieved in every aspect.
Sustainable Solid Growth in Business In light of market changes, the Company fully implemented the segregated operations of its GSM and CDMA businesses in 2007. The Company established separate operating units for the GSM and CDMA businesses, set definite development objectives for each unit, defined respective responsibilities and enhanced sales and marketing abilities. Over the year, our efforts in implementing the segregated operations were proven to be fruitful.
During 2007, the Company focused on brand-centric marketing. For the GSM business, the Company implemented an innovative sales and marketing model to establish a top-quality business image through the successful launch of Worldwide 156 . Furthermore, the Company strengthened its in-depth marketing strategies targeting campus and rural markets, and further enhanced the development quality of U-Power and Ruyi Tong services. For the CDMA business, the Company effectively aligned with its fifth anniversary of operation to promote CDMA s high-quality network. The Company also leveraged its network and business advantages to develop a data- oriented differentiated operation. In addition, the Company strengthened the centralized purchasing and sales of handsets and reinforced the implementation of the strategy of linking handset subsidies to revenue contribution from subscribers to uplift business competitiveness. As at 31 December 2007, the total number of cellular subscribers reached 162.491 million.
Our value-added cellular business has become the main driver of our revenue growth. The Company put GPRS network into full operation in May and launched new services. By the end of 2007, it already covered 221 cities in Mainland China. Furthermore, the Company actively promoted the Stock in Palm service of CDMA network which provides professional cellular securities trading services. By the end of 2007, the Company had over 500,000 users of Stock in Palm service of CDMA network, which effectively stabilized and increased the value of the Company s subscriber base. Meanwhile, the Company further promoted its Music Year marketing theme, by which it established a unified handset music platform to provide users with complete song download service.
In 2007, revenue from our value-added cellular service accounted for 22.0% of total service revenue generated by our cellular business.
Furthermore, the Company made remarkable achievements in adjusting the product structure of long distance, data and Internet business in the year. The Company effectively leveraged its existing resources to focus on developing high-value corporate clients from the banking, securities and insurance industries. The Company also made efforts to speed up the promotions of Internet applications and value- added voice services to achieve rapid growth in its data 
Enhanced Service and Network Quality and 
In 2007, the Company provided different tiers of customer service system based on its service brands, implemented standardization of the customer service, achieved economies of scale in operating the Unicom 10010 customer service centers in 27 provinces in Mainland China so as to increase customer satisfaction. The Unicom 10010 customer service center was recognized as one of the Top Ten Most Influential Brands for Customer Service in China in the 4th Top Ten Most Influential Brands in China awards. In 2007, the Company increased its network investment as appropriate, focused on network operation and maintenance to improve network quality. On the other hand, the Company insisted on standardizing marketing management and strengthening its system supports and controls. The Company fully implemented separate management of financial receipts and expenditures, which further improved the effectiveness of treasury management and financial management and control. In addition, the Company also placed an emphasis on formulating long-term implementation on internal control with an effort in strengthening risk management and uplifting its 
Notable Achievement on Innovations Our efforts in technology innovation achieved considerable recognitions during the year. The Company won the Special Award for Technology Innovation given by the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the PRC for the annual performance evaluation of central enterprises for the years 2004, 2005 and 2006. Throughout the year, the Company applied for 42 new patents and now possesses over 100 patents. The Company was also named as one of the Top Ten Best Patent Enterprises in China in the International Patents and Brands Expo 2007. Our exceptional innovations also won us a national scientific and technological progress award (second prize), two national patent excellence awards and a number of management and technology innovation awards given by the Ministry of Information Industry and the communication industry of the PRC.
In addition, the Company completed the conversion of USD1 billion convertible bonds held by Korea SK Telecom in August. In October, the Company launched 3G services in Macau, while in December, the Company successfully acquired the cellular businesses and GSM network assets in Guizhou Province from its parent company and completed the overall listing of the relevant operations in the PRC.
Outlook for 2008 In 2008, the continuous rapid growth of the Chinese economy and deepening of the informationalization have resulted in significant development potential for the cellular communication market, particularly the wireless value- added business. The Beijing Olympics has further brought new business opportunities to the telecommunication industry. Meanwhile, the effect from the adjustment of the cellular roaming tariff policy and the imbalanced market competition environment continue to exist, which may result in deepening the reformation of the telecommunication industry. To embrace such opportunities and challenges, the Company will insist on the implementation of separating operations of GSM and CDMA businesses, enhance its overall service quality and management and execution abilities, and accelerate effective development of every aspect of its businesses, so as to enhance its profitability and strengthen its overall competitiveness.
The Company will endeavor to achieve rapid and effective development of its GSM business. The Company s major strategies in this area include continuing brand-centric marketing, refining market segments and improving subscriber composition. Furthermore, the Company will endeavor to expand rural markets, speed up the establishment of convenient, direct sales and campus distribution channels, and enhance channel effectiveness, as well as reinforce management of products, tariff and commission policies. For the CDMA business, the Company is committed to promoting the business scale and enhancing the business efficacy. Key strategies will include maintaining effective subsidies to drive the growth of subscribers and revenues, and strengthening customer retention. The Company will also further enhance channel distribution abilities, secure handset supplies, introduce differentiated handset products and strengthen the leading advantages of high-end handset products.
To accelerate the rapid development of wireless value- added services, the Company will enhance the penetration, activeness and revenue scale of SMS, Cool Ringtone and GPRS services, as well as reinforce marketing efforts, focusing on services such as U-Net , Stock in Palm , mobile newspaper, mobile music and mobile mails. The Company will also explore new operation models and establish a healthy and cooperative industry chain that creates more values.
The Company will address the industry and corporate demands and expand corporate business market by driving the rapid development of its data business, Internet applications and value-added voice business. The Company will further enhance its strategic cooperation with international operators to explore and create new business cooperation models. In addition, the Company will actively expand international roaming market and reinforce marketing of outbound roaming to increase international 
In 2008, the Company will continue its efforts on enhancing operation management, and leveraging the momentum gained from branding, products and tariffs to drive and promote business development. Proper management of investment scale, strengthening of network construction and optimization of network qualities are also among the key priorities. Capitalizing on the opportunities brought by the Beijing Olympics, the Company will strengthen the establishment of service channels and accelerate the development of service efficacy by optimizing resource allocation and enlarging the scale of service expansion. The Company will strive to do its best in marketing and service during the Olympics.
In closing, on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to all our shareholders for their confidence in and support to the Company and to all our staff for their efforts and contribution.

