CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT 
First at all, on behalf of the Board of China Unicom, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the shareholders and the different parts of the society for their support. In 2014, the regulatory policies and market environment within the Chinese telecommunications industry underwent considerable changes.
Due to various factors such as the issue of 4G license and the replacement of business tax with value-added tax (the VAT Reform ), the competitive landscape turned more complex and the industry revenue growth slowed down. With these changes and challenges, the Company followed its strategy of Leading Mobile Broadband and Innovating Operational Integration , proactively accelerated the transformation, and pushed forward the reform in key areas. As a result, the Company achieved continuous improvement in its revenue market share, revenue structure and profitability.

In 2014, the Chinese telecommunications industry fully implemented the VAT Reform. Leveraging on the VAT Reform, the Company deepened the transformation of its operational model, and improved its business structure as well as the quality of its business development. During the year, the Company s service revenue reached RMB244.88 billion, an increase of 2.6% compared with the previous year, outpacing the industry average 1 by 3.9 percentage points.
Revenues generated from mobile business and non-voice business accounted for 63.3% and 61.9% of its total service revenue respectively.
Due to the industry changes and its own transformation, the Company s revenue growth slowed down, but its utilisation efficiency of resources was considerably improved, resulting in the continuous improvement in its profitability. During the year, the Company s EBITDA reached RMB92.77 billion, up by 10.5% year-on-year. EBITDA as a percentage of service revenue reached 37.9%, up by 2.7 percentage points year-on- year. Net profit increased by 15.8% year-on-year to RMB12.06 billion. The Company s financial status became more solid, with operating cash flow up by 12.2% year-on-year and free cash flow at RMB3.21 billion.
Based on the Company s overall financial position in 2014 and taking into account the development needs of mobile and fixed-line broadband businesses in the future, the Board recommended a final dividend payout of RMB0.20 per share for the fiscal year ended 31 December 2014.

Promoting the transformation of its mobile business model, consolidating and enhancing the differentiated competitive advantages. In 2014, leveraging on its leading position in terms of network, business and service in the 3G market, the Company accelerated the construction of its 4G network, optimised the resource allocation and adjusted its business development model, so as to proactively build the new differentiated competitive advantages. The Company pushed forward the value creation from its existing customers, established the specific and professional customer retention system, and enhanced the utilisation efficiency of its sales and marketing resources such as handset subsidy, distribution commission and advertising fee. The Company implemented its Dual 4G, Dual 100 MB Speed strategy to enhance the advantage of its terminal supply and the effectiveness of its terminals to drive business and product development. By catering to the changes in the mobile Internet market and customer needs and leveraging on the launch of its centralised business support system (cBSS), the Company further pushed forward the centralised operation as well as the unified operation in products and services, system support and customer service, and established a newly structured and unified product portfolio which covers all businesses and all customer segments. The Company promoted the integrated on- line and off-line operations, carried out professional management at its sales outlets, and improved the sales capability of its self- owned distribution channels. Through the Internet-oriented and nationwide-run B2B platform Woego , the Company established an efficient and transparent end-to-end operational support system along the whole value chain of terminals, businesses and channels. In 2014, the Company s mobile service revenue increased by 2.6% year-on-year to RMB155.10 billion and its mobile subscribers grew by 18.115 million to approximately 300 million. The revenue and user structures of its mobile business were further optimised, with mobile broadband 2 service accounting for 68.2% of its total mobile service revenue and mobile broadband 2 subscribers accounting for 49.9% of its total mobile subscribers. With saturating mobile voice business and rapidly growing mobile data business, the Company proactively promoted data volume operation and innovative applications so as to boost data volume and value. The data usage of the Company s handset subscribers grew by 61.1% year-on-year.
The Company explored the open co-operation with Internet companies, and promoted the development and operation of its WO+ Platform. The Company proactively pushed forward the mobile service resale trial, and provided the flexible and convenient support to its resellers through an innovative co- operation model in which one-stop access activates unified operations and centralised services, resulting in an industry- leading position in the mobile service resale business.
Accelerating the upgrade and speed-up of its fixed- line broadband network to drive the steady growth of its fixed-line business. In 2014, the regulatory changes intensified the competition in the fixed-line broadband market.
The Company fully leveraged on its advantages in network and service, accelerated the upgrade and speed-up of its fixed- line broadband network, pushed forward the establishment of a professional operational system, proactively developed the bundled product portfolio for its family customers, and boosted its efforts in customer retention, so as to ensure the steady growth of its fixed-line business. In 2014, the Company s fixed- line broadband service revenue increased by 9.2% year-on-year to RMB50.20 billion, and its fixed-line broadband subscribers increased by 6.4% year-on-year to 68.79 million. Driven by its fixed-line broadband business, the full-year fixed-line service revenue increased by 2.3% year-on-year to RMB88.48 billion, of which 56.7% was from its fixed-line broadband business, resulting in a further optimised fixed-line business structure.
Accelerating the strategic deployment in innovative businesses and maintaining the rapid development in industry applications. In 2014, the Company focused on key areas such as IDC, cloud computing, ICT and the Internet of Things, accelerated the technological and strategic deployment, fully improved the capability of its professional operation and cultivated the new growth drivers. Meanwhile, the Company continued to leverage on its leading advantages in key industry applications such as education informatisation, auto informatisation and smart city, and enhanced its development capabilities for total solutions to drive the market penetration of its applications. During the year, its key industry application users increased by 20.02 million to 59.29 million. The Company proactively explored the market-oriented reform in its emerging business units. The Company set up Unicom Innovation Investment Company Limited and CMB-Unicom Consumer Financing Company Limited, and tried to operate its apps store in a corporate manner, so as to expand and strengthen cross- industry co-operation and to boost its business development with a market-oriented mechanism.

In 2014, the Company further accelerated the construction of its mobile and fixed-line broadband networks with an aim to build the high-quality broadband networks with leading user experience. The Company leveraged on the advantages in its 3G network coverage and 3G supply chain, proactively carried out the LTE hybrid network trials, continued to expand the broad coverage of its networks, and optimised the in-depth coverage of its networks. During the year, the Company built 158 thousand mobile broadband base stations, and the number of total mobile broadband base stations reached 565 thousand.
The Company accelerated the construction and upgrade of its fiber optic broadband network, and the number of its broadband access ports increased by 13.4% year-on-year, of which 77.8% are FTTX. The Company accelerated the expansion of its network load-carrying capability. By adding 7 national Internet backbone nodes, the Company further increased its Internet bandwidth. The Company s overall network capabilities were further enhanced.

In 2014, following the mobile Internet trends, the Company further deepened the management reform in key areas so as to improve its operational efficiency, quality of development and corporate vitality. The Company continued to deepen the reform on investment management, established the transparent and dynamic mechanism of resource allocation that leans to local business units, and further optimised its evaluation and incentive schemes, so as to boost overall corporate vitality. The Company strengthened the resource management and internal control risk management, and made its corporate management more standardised and scientific.
The Company further promoted the centralised operation, and accelerated the establishment of an efficient and customer- oriented operational system.

Committed to integrating its business development with its social responsibility, the Company has been dedicated to contributing to the country s informatisation progress, the transformation and upgrade of traditional industries and the social well-being, and has strived to create value for its stakeholders. The Company promoted energy saving and emission reduction as well as joint construction and co-sharing of telecommunications infrastructure, ensured quality and secure telecommunications and information services, and built reliable and safe green networks. The Company enhanced its service capability and expanded its distribution channels to rural areas in order to eliminate digital divide and to ensure different groups to enjoy the convenience of digital life. Always putting its employees first, the Company strived to create the best platform for its employees work, life and career development.
The Company committed itself to public welfare, and made various contributions to the society by carrying on poverty relief efforts as well as making donations for education.

With the issue of LTE FDD license and the further implementation of real-name registration and other regulatory policies, the telecommunications industry is undergoing unprecedented changes in 2015. With the mobile subscriber market saturating and the traditional voice business continuing to decline, the traditional subscriber-driven business growth is under pressure. As a result, the competition on traditional business is becoming more rational, the development focus is shifting from customer acquisition to putting equal weights on optimising existing customers and acquiring new customers in a quality way, and more attentions should be paid to balancing between quantity and quality and between business volume and revenue. Meanwhile, both the subscriber structure and the consumption structure are experiencing fast changes, with the subscribers upgrading from 2G and 3G to 4G and the consumption migrating from voice to data. The information consumption is fast spreading into every sector and every family, creating tremendous opportunities for operators transformation and development.
Facing the new situation and new changes, the Company will further pursue its strategy of Leading Mobile Broadband and Innovating Operational Integration and seize new opportunities to realise new development. The Company will consolidate and enhance its broadband network advantages by fully leveraging on the integrated mobile broadband + fixed-line broadband network advantage, speeding up the construction of 3G+4G integrated high-quality mobile broadband network, and pushing forward the fiber optic upgrade of fixed-line broadband network. The company will proactively create differentiated service advantages through centralised operation, so as to improve operational efficiency and to enhance the capability to provide integrated and more convenient services to information consumers. The company will realise new development in the informatisation era by accelerating operational transformation and exploration in hot and emerging business areas such as Internet finance, industry applications, big data, Internet of Things and cloud computing.
In summary, the Company will seize new opportunities arising from the informatisation era, further accelerate its transformation and development, and achieve better and faster development so as to create greater value for its shareholders.

