Chairman s Statement Dato CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer Although 2015 was difficult, we believe Asian fund managers like Value Partners are entering a Golden Age.
Our hopes are high because the mainland Chinese public, with the world s biggest pool of savings, are clearly looking to diversify their investments. Value Partners, with a well- established brand and track record, should be among those benefiting from what could be one of the biggest business opportunities ever seen by the asset management 
But first, 2015. It was a topsy-turvy year that saw Value Partners issue a negative profit warning, after a Chinese stockmarket crash in the second half following a bull run in the first half. In the end, net profit in 2015 came to HK$274 million (earnings per share of HK14.8 cents), down 66% from HK$804 million (earnings per share of HK45.4 cents) the previous year 1 . We were hurt by falling performance fee income, a loss in treasury operations (mainly the capital invested in our own funds) and expenses related to an issue of share options to staff (the last issue was in 2012). Note that some of the expenses were non-cash, with no impact on actual cash flow.
Indeed, group operating profit before share option expenses and other gains or losses, which reflects the actual operating business, didn t fall as much. The figure for group operating profit was HK$616 million, compared with HK$754 million the previous year, showing our 
In 2015, Value Partners funds continued to sell remarkably well, again showing the underlying strength of the business. Net sales (total subscriptions minus total redemptions) rose 115% to a record high of US$4 billion, compared to 2014 s net sales of US$1.9 billion. Assets under management climbed to US$15.6 billion, up 21% year on year, indicating that Value Partners was making headway even while the industry suffered outflows.
Also, we covered our expenses well. This can be shown by the fixed-cost coverage ratio, which looks at fixed costs such as rents and salaries, and see how well these expenses are covered by management fees alone (relatively stable income), excluding volatile income sources such as performance fees and treasury investments. In 2015, the ratio increased nicely to 2.8 times from 2.6 times a year ago.
Still, with cash flow remaining strong, we are pleased to propose a dividend of HK10 cents and a special dividend of HK6 cents for the year 1 . For comparison, in 2014, Value Partners paid a dividend of HK16 cents and a special dividend of HK6 cents as well.

China s capital markets suffer from fundamental defects; indeed, since the first Chinese stocks were listed in 1990, there have been over 25 crashes, defined to mean a drop of 20% or more in the stockmarket. Without a properly functioning capital market, it would be difficult for China to achieve its ambition to become a fairly developed country by the early 2020s. Currently, too much capital is simply wasted because savings are not properly channelled to investment. So the government is busy with reforms (some well-conceived, others not).
Meanwhile, a middle class of 350 million to 400 million people 2 , out of a total population of 1.4 billion, has emerged on the Chinese mainland. Traditionally, middle-class savings were put into bank savings and real estate, but savers are getting impatient to diversify their wealth and enhance returns. Two quick points: " The Chinese have become richer faster than their financial system has developed to serve their needs; " China has become an exporter of capital to the world, whereas it used to be an importer.
It is all coming together. A lot of money requiring professional asset management and a surge in capital flows, both domestic and overseas, against a backdrop of government reforms that include deregulation, market opening and enhancing the rule of law and the role of private enterprise.
Of course, setbacks happen from time to time, such as that seen in second-half 2015, but over the medium term, the trend is clear. Golden opportunities are emerging gradually for well-positioned firms, including Value Partners, to offer products and services to the China market, on a rising scale. The accompanying report from our Chief Executive Officer provides details about how we are responding to the China opportunity (and also gives an in-depth discussion of 2015 
While reaching for the stars, we must keep our feet firmly planted on the ground. As always, we follow our fundamental principles, which include our commitment to the value-investing discipline; giving the highest priority to the performance of funds, ahead of any other aspect of our business operation; and re-investing a big part of our earnings into continuously improving our platforms and resources to do a better job.
To the many clients, employees and shareholders who have supported and encouraged us over the past 23 years, we shall always be grateful. With pride, we report that in 2015, Value Partners captured over 20 new performance awards, bringing our tally of awards since inception in 1993 to more than 120. The 2015 prizes include the Longevity Award Best Asset Management House over the last 20 years, received from Asia Asset Management in their 2015 Best of the Best Awards competition. We were also named Best Equity Group in the Thomson Reuters Lipper Fund Award 2016.
Dato Cheah Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer 1. In 2015, dividend per share ( DPS ) was higher than earnings per share ( EPS ) as DPS was declared based on the Group s realized profit which excluded net fair value unrealized losses recognized during the year. On the contrary, EPS reflected the impact of net fair value unrealized losses.
2. Source: A CLSA report issued on 23 February 2016 and entitled Keep calm and carry on: Mr & Mrs China still daring to dream .

