Chairman s Statement Dato CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer Value Partners performed strongly in 2014, so much so a positive profit alert had to be issued just after yearend to let the public know that a jump in earnings was to be expected. Indeed, net profit in 2014 came to HK$804 million (earnings per share of HK45.4 cents), 109% higher than the previous year.
Our business advanced on all fronts, including much-improved management and performance fees, as well as a healthy increase in assets under management ( AUM ), which ended the year at US$12.9 billion, compared to the year-earlier figure of US$10.5 billion. Group operating profit, which reflects the actual operating business, totalled HK$750 million, 60% more than in 2013. (The remaining profit came from treasury operations, which refer to returns from investing our own capital, a major part of which is subscribed to our funds, side-by-side with clients.) For 2014, we achieved a return on equity ( ROE ) of 26.8%, which is pretty nice compared to the previous year s 14.6%.
Clearly, we have strengthened further our position as one of the very largest independent asset management firms in our region, and the only one of its kind listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We are pleased to propose a dividend for 2014 of HK16 cents. In addition, reflecting the robust results, we propose a special dividend of HK6 cents, making a total of HK22 cents for the year, compared to the dividend of HK10.7 cents paid in 2013.

Our performance is discussed in detail in the accompanying report from our Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ). We are a major beneficiary of the long-overdue recovery in China-related stockmarkets that came late last year, and this is a recovery that we think has only just begun. President Xi Jinping s reforms place China in very much the correct direction.
We welcome the program of deregulation, market-opening, economic re-balancing, more respect for the rule of law and the drive against bad practices in the government and corporate sectors. We foresee that this will lead in coming years to a significant expansion in the price-earnings multiples of Chinese stocks, which currently trade at only 10 times earnings for the H shares listed in Hong Kong, and 12 times for the A shares in Shanghai.
(Despite our optimism, we recognize that many investors remain wary about the China story, particularly as the country s development model matures, resulting in a slower growth rate. No doubt, it is going to be a volatile market. But we are confident that the medium-term outcome of improving governance and a better-quality economy is higher stock 
The favorable trend benefits the performances and subscriptions of Value Partners funds and helps in other ways too.
For example, access to China s domestic markets and savings are being liberalized through such breakthroughs as the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect, which provides a linkage between the two stock exchanges, and the coming mutual recognition of funds, a scheme allowing funds domiciled in either Hong Kong or the Chinese mainland to be sold to investors in the other s market. (A Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect is likely to emerge this year, as well, and there is also talk of a bond connect scheme.) For Value Partners, this really improves our business scope and resources, and which, in turn, stimulates recognition of our brand across the Asia-Pacific region. We are able to broaden our menu of product offerings and strengthen our network, including the opening of a wholly owned asset management firm in Singapore in 2014 to serve the Southeast Asian market. We recently launched our first global fund the Value Partners Global Contrarian Fund 1 . We have also expanded our presence in fixed-income and exchange-traded fund products, as well as greatly strengthened our line-up of core products, which are equity funds covering the Asia-Pacific region.

We think that at this stage, it is critical for us not to lose sight of where we come from as a specialist in value-investing, dedicated to investment performance. We coined the term Temple of Value-Investing to describe our franchise. Thus, amid all the excitement arising from the new business opportunities, our highest priority remains unchanged: top-quality fund management, including class-leading investment research and execution. Indeed, during the year under review, a good part of our much-improved revenues was ploughed back into the never-ending upgrade of our investment, dealing and client-service teams and systems.
Our dedication produced results. To cite one example, in 2014, our flagship Value Partners Classic Fund (US$1.47 billion in size) was ranked the No. 1 performer out of 34 funds in the Greater China equity category 2 by Morningstar, Inc., a leading rating agency in the mutual fund industry. Since the beginning of 2014, Value Partners Group and its funds have reaped a new harvest of 14 awards and prizes, including the DHLSouth China Morning Post Enterprise Award (the second time we ve won this particular award, the first being in 2005, each time from a different panel of judges). Indeed, since inception in 1993, Value Partners has won close to 100 performance awards and prizes.
We believe that in the financial services industry today, asset management occupies a particularly sweet spot. The world s aging population and abundant liquidity create huge pools of money requiring professional management. For Value Partners, there is plenty of room to grow.
To our clients, employees, shareholders and friends who have now supported us for 22 years we remain deeply grateful and we will work hard to be deserving of your trust.
Dato CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer 1 The fund is not authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission and its shares are not available to the general public in 
2 Refers to one-year performance of the fund in 2014. Data as of 31 December 2014. Performance for Classic Fund (A Units) over past five years: 2010: +20.2%, 2011: -17.2%, 2012: +14.0%, 2013: +11.2%, 2014: +13.5%, 2015 (Year to date as at 28 February): +2.7%.
Source: HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Asia) Limited. Performance figures are calculated in the funds respective trading and base currencies, NAV to NAV, with dividends reinvested and net of all fees. Past performance is not indicative of future performance.

