Chairman’s StatementAlthough 2016 was difficult — actually, it was our toughest
year since the 2008 global financial crisis — we persisted
with our efforts to develop the Group’s capabilities.
Indeed, as a fund-management operation, Value Partners
has never been stronger, and the Group now has the
potential to emerge from Asia to become a world-class
institution.
The poor results of 2016 are as follows: a 50% decline in
net profit to HK$138 million from HK$274 million in 2015,
and a 15% drop in assets under management (“AUM”)
from a year earlier to US$13.2 billion. It was the first time
since 2008 that Value Partners experienced a net outflow
of funds. The investment cycle was against us: our style,
based on value-investing, was out of favour, and so was
the Asia-Pacific region, in which we specialize. (Please see
the accompanying “Report of the Chief Executive Officer”
for a detailed discussion of these and other matters.)
But we believe that was the cyclical bottom, for valueinvesting
and for Asia-Pacific market performance. The
first half of 2016 was awful, with a net profit of just
HK$5 million, but we began to see signs of recovery in the
second half, with net profit improving to HK$133 million.
And as 2017 begins, the prospect continues to brighten.
While tightening cost controls, we remain focused on a
long-term vision for Value Partners. We have a large, highquality
investment team, giving us a huge advantage in
developing our product menu. Among Asia’s independent
asset-management brands, we are one of the few to have developed our own in-house operational infrastructure, and this
is another clear advantage for sustainable growth.
In recent months, new appointments have been made in the corporate and business operations of the Group. From
December 2016, we have a new Chief Executive Officer, Dr. AU King Lun, who has almost 30 years of industry
experience, having served in the Hong Kong asset management units of leading brands, including British insurance
group Prudential, Bank of China (Hong Kong) and HSBC. He replaced Mr. Timothy TSE Wai Ming. In 2016, we also
appointed a Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Roger HEPPER, who has 30 years of experience in managing infrastructure and
operational support systems in leading companies.
Strong position
As always, the investment environment offers bags of opportunities and uncertainties. We want a model that is resilient
against uncertainties — and also one that can capture the breakthroughs.
Indeed, the present time could be transformational for Value Partners, which is Hong Kong’s biggest listed independent
asset-management firm by far, with a well-established brand name of its own. Indeed, my opinion is that Asian fund
managers like Value Partners could be entering a Golden Age. The mainland Chinese public, with the world’s biggest
pool of savings, are clearly looking to diversify their investments. The Chinese are becoming richer faster than their
own financial system has developed to serve their needs. Value Partners is clearly among the firms that are in a strong
position to offer products and services to the China market, on a rising scale, as the Chinese become a leading exporter of
capital and consumer of financial services.
We gain confidence from our robust history, based on integrity, professional excellence and learning from mistakes.
Since its founding in 1993, Value Partners’ assets under management has grown from less than US$5 million to reach
US$13.2 billion by the end of 2016. The flagship Value Partners Classic Fund1 has gained 2,446% (net to clients)
since inception compared with the Hang Seng Index’s gain of 419% over the same period (performance measured from
inception in April 1993 to the end of 2016, when the Classic Fund’s size was US$1.41 billion).
In the 24 years since its founding, Value Partners Group has captured a total of 142 performance awards, including
many of the most prestigious awards available for its industry sector. Most recently, we were crowned “Best Equity Group
(Hong Kong) – 20162” by Thomson Reuters Lipper and “Fund House of the Year – Hong Kong3” in AsianInvestor’s Asset
Management Awards 2016.
By the end of last year, the number of full-time staff reached 208, from just two at the start (I and a junior secretary, in
early 1993). And since we opened for business, the firm has never suffered a loss-making year, except for an insignificant
loss of HK$262,000 recorded in 1999 as we struggled with the fall-out from the Asian Financial Crisis.
To the many clients, employees, shareholders and service providers who have supported and encouraged us, now for
24 years, we shall always be grateful. While reaching for the stars, we keep our feet firmly planted on the ground.
Dato’ Seri CHEAH Cheng Hye
Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer