CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT Dato CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer Value Partners net profit for 2013, at HK$384 million, was only slightly better than the previous year s figure of HK$376 million. Beneath the surface, however, there was real progress. Operating profit, which reflects the actual operating business, totalled HK$468 million in 2013, increased 84% from the previous year s HK$254 million. This strength was masked by a much higher tax expense (reflecting the higher operating profit) and much lower contributions from treasury operations ( treasury operations refer to returns from investing our own capital, a major part of which is subscribed to our funds, side-by- side with clients).
Clearly we enjoyed a robust operation despite relatively weak markets across much of the Asia-Pacific region in 2013. One indicator was that our assets under management ( AUM ) passed the US$10 billion milestone for the first time, reaching US$10.5 billion at year end, compared to US$8.5 billion a year earlier. We remain among the very biggest independent asset-management firms in our region, and the only one of its kind listed on the Hong Kong Stock 
We are pleased to propose a dividend for 2013 of HK10.7 cents (compared to HK6.3 cents in 2012). In 2012, we also declared a special dividend of HK9.7 cents to mark the 20th anniversary of the group s founding, but for 2013, it is back to business as usual, and no special dividend 
The Value Partners brand is associated with fund performance, and in 2013, again, we didn t disappoint our clients.
Our flagship Value Partners Classic Fund (A Units) returned a net 11.2% in 2013, while the Hang Seng Index recorded a return of 6.5%; indeed, this fund (A Units) has returned a net 16.4% per annum, compounded, since inception in 1993, whereas the index s annualized return was 8% over the same period 1 .
Still, 2013 was forgettable in terms of the market environment, with a gain of just 3.6% in the MSCI China Index (which covers China-related stocks) and only 3.4% in the MSCI Asia-Pacific ex-Japan Index, which covers regional stockmarkets outside Japan. Consequently, although a number of our funds, including the Classic Fund, qualified for performance fees in 2013, on top of their usual fixed management fees, the performance collection was relatively minor. (Under the high- on-high principle, a fund cannot earn a performance fee unless its net asset value exceeds its previous high; several of our funds surpassed their previous highs to some extent in 2013, thus earning performance fees.) There is now potential for a much larger harvest of performance income if the China-related markets, and Asia-Pacific markets generally, stage a long-overdue recovery, which may allow our funds to reach major new heights. This potential is much bigger than before because of our large and growing fund size. After a bear market going back to 2007, China- related stocks currently trade at very cheap valuations, and what is now required is a turnaround in investor sentiment.
Currently, China is going through a transitional period, implementing a program of reforms under Xi Jinping, who became President in 2013. Inevitably, change has brought some uncertainty and pain, especially in the financial sector, which has various issues, including problems associated with high-yield debts (sometimes called shadow banking products).
Overall, however, China as a country is very strong financially, with large domestic savings and it is not dependent on foreign capital. It is very unlikely that China will suffer a hard landing, as there are sufficient resources to take care of the various problems that have emerged. Premier Li Keqiang stated recently that his bottom line is an economic growth rate of 7.2%, to ensure that enough new jobs are created. Certainly, over time, the new administration has the ability and the will to push through breakthrough reforms, including an anti-corruption drive, that will enable China to become a truly successful country, providing an even more attractive landscape for investors.
We believe that as investors take in the far-reaching implications of the reform program, market sentiment will recover.
We think it is a question of when, not if, a recovery will occur.

As always, Value Partners priority is to continuously improve the way we do our job, especially in terms of investment analysis and fund management. Our Investment Team is being further strengthened, with more professionals joining and much thought given to how to better organize our people, so as to maximize our knowledge utilization, which involves making more effective use of the vast pool of knowledge accumulated by our team of analysts and fund managers.
Our achievements have received further recognition in the form of new performance awards. These include for the Value Partners High-Dividend Stocks Fund three highly coveted prizes: the Morningstar 2014 award for Best Asia ex-Japan Equity Fund, the Lipper 2014 (Hong Kong) award for Best Asia ex-Japan Equity Fund over five years, and the Benchmark Fund of the Year 2013 award for Outstanding Achiever in the Asia Pacific Equity Fund category 2 . Value Partners has now own a total of more than 80 awards and prizes since the firm s founding 21 years ago.
For details and an in-depth discussion of the Group, including our progress in various business-development projects, please refer to the accompanying report from our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Please note the significant new opportunities arising from the opening up of mainland China s capital market. For example, the mainland Chinese and Hong Kong authorities have already reached an understanding on mutual recognition of funds, a breakthrough that opens the door for Hong Kong-domiciled funds to be sold on the mainland, and vice versa.
As the Chinese mainland gradually relaxes restrictions on fund flows, Value Partners is well positioned to provide investment services for both capital inflows and outflows related to the Greater China region. Apart from Hong Kong, Value Partners has established offices in Beijing, Shanghai, Chengdu and Taipei. Our vision extends beyond the Greater China region, however. In 2014, the group intends to open an important new office in Singapore, part of a strategy to enhance our role across the Asia-Pacific region and, over time, the world as a whole.
To our clients, employees, shareholders and friends who have now supported us for more than two decades we remain 
Dato CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer 1 Index returns are for reference only. Performance of Value Partners Classic Fund (A Units) over past five years: 2009: +82.9%; 2010: +20.2%; 2011: -17.2%; 2012: +14%; 2013: +11.2%. Performance figures are calculated in US dollars on NAV to NAV, with dividends reinvested. Performance data is net of all fees.
2 The Morningstar 2014 award was based on data of eligible funds in their respective Morningstar category up to 31 December 2013. The Lipper 2014 awards were based on returns as of year-end 2013. The Benchmark award was based on data as of 30 September 2013.

