Chairman s Statement We have been put through a severe test by the global financial crisis. So far, we have passed, and even if the turmoil continues, we think we would still pass, in the sense that we should still be able to keep intact Value Partners as a strong and reliable asset-management institution. And, as discussed below, Value Partners can remain profitable, although there is no guarantee 
That said, it is rough and difficult. Value Partners Classic Fund, our flagship fund, was down 47.9% in 2008 , and even the Group s top performer, Value Partners Hedge Fund Limited " , lost 21.8%. Assets under management ( AUM ) declined to US$3.2 billion from US$7.3 billion a year earlier, caused more by market losses than by redemptions (see the accompanying Report of the Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) and Financial Review for operational details).
Although Value Partners Group Ltd. didn t result in any net loss as a firm, at HK$66.6 million (HK4.2 cents per share), the 2008 net profit after tax was a huge retreat from the HK$1.4 billion we reported the previous year. Regarding dividend, we think we have paid enough for 2008 through the interim dividend of HK5.5 cents per share six months ago, and we do not propose to pay a final dividend for the year.
The point remains, however, this is a resilient business model. As a firm, Value Partners has never resulted in any net loss since its inception in 1993, except for a small loss of HK$261,000 in 1999 in the aftermath of the Asian financial crisis. We keep our fixed costs very low (but pay generous bonuses when appropriate), we are cash-rich and we have no debt and we have a core of long-term committed staff who think and act like owners, rather than employees.
Now, surveying the landscape, we find these points most relevant to us as a group: " Performance. Our most critical mission is to generate an attractive return for our clients. Using Value Partners Classic Fund as an example, 2008 was the first time in 10 years that we lost clients money. In terms of annual performance, the Classic Fund lost money in only four years out of the 16 years that it has been in business. For comparison, the Hang Seng Index recorded a loss in seven out of the 16 years, while the MSCI China Index lost in eight out of the 16 years. We don t believe a serious investor would evaluate a fund manager based on a single year s performance, so our long track record and consistent investment discipline should continue to justify confidence. Clearly, however, we must continue to place our highest priority on the performance of our funds.
" Asset size. Like most fund managers, we worry that the global crisis could cause more clients to redeem in order to put their money into cash. Already, the crisis has cost us the last two or three years of business growth: we are today back to the AUM level we were managing during 2005-2006 (as of mid-2006, group AUM was US$3.4 billion). As can be seen from the Report of the CEO, Value Partners has various initiatives to re-build AUM, but for the time being, it is not easy. My own guess is that sooner or later, the cash will come back into the market, perhaps driven by renewed fears of inflation, and our business should then benefit accordingly.
" Competitive advantages. This is where the crisis helps us. We have much feedback that investors generally are reluctant to entrust money to small fund management firms, particularly those lacking a full infrastructure. Value Partners advantage is that we have transformed ourselves into a full-fledged institution, complete with a listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Clients coming to us can be assured by our solid infrastructure, covering research and investment; central dealing; fund-raising and managing client relationships; compliance and risk management; business development and corporate administration; and back-office support operations.

Performance of Value Partners Classic Fund (A Units) over past five years: 2008, -47.9%; 2007, +41.1%; 2006, +41.8%; 2005, +15.9%; 
The fund is not authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong to be marketed to the public generally in Hong Kong.
Chairman s Statement Value Partners Group Limited Annual Report 2008 5 Another advantage is that we have always done our own investment research, making us increasingly different from other fund management companies, which have been saving on research expense through headcount reductions, in response to the industry s difficulties. These companies become reliant on research reports provided by outside brokers. For Value Partners, this cannot do, as we believe a high value-added fund manager must have original ideas backed by actual research, rather than borrow from outsiders.
Finally, some observations about China and the world. This is one crisis where we don t see a swift, V-shaped recovery for the global economy. It may take years for the American and European consumers to recover, or for the global economy to develop new engines of growth.
One major economy that is not in a crisis though it also has its own problems is China. It is worth reminding that China-related stocks started falling sharply from late 2007, as the country s business cycle entered a downturn, even before the global turmoil began. We hold the view that the first to enter crisis could well be the first to emerge. For now the headlines about China s economy remain negative, but this could change from the second half of the year as government stimulus measures take effect.
To us, the China story remains intact, and we fully expect China to become a new engine for global growth, as the country emerges to become the world s biggest economy in the next few decades.
We ve been hurt by the crisis, but our fundamental strengths are intact.
CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Chief Investment Officer 