CHAIRMAN S STATEMENT CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer Value Partners, once a small boutique in the 1990s, has matured into one of Asia s largest asset-management institutions well- capitalized, operationally robust, with a leading brand reputation.
Our coming of age can be seen further in 2012, when solid results were achieved despite an uncertain investment environment for much of the year, particularly in our core China-related markets.
Thus, net profit still increased by 125% to reach HK$376.4 million, while we were still able to grow in terms of assets under management ( AUM ) by 18.9% to reach US$8.5 billion, the highest year-end AUM in our history.
If, as we hope, 2013 turns out to be a good year for China-related markets, the outlook is promising indeed. In 2012, we didn t benefit much from performance fees but in 2013, this could change. (Under the high-on-high principle, a fund has to exceed its previous record high before a performance fee becomes payable; by the end of 2012, our funds had recovered most, if not all, of their 2011 losses, which means even small advances in 2013 should likely carry us into performance fee territory.) We are pleased to propose a dividend for 2012 of HK6.3 cents (compared to HK5.8 cents in 2011) and, in addition, we propose a special anniversary dividend of HK9.7 cents, as Value Partners celebrates the 20th anniversary of its founding in 2013.
We are deeply grateful to the clients, employees, shareholders and friends who have supported us over these two decades.

To provide more detail, since performance fees didn t contribute a great deal in 2012, Value Partners profit for the year was tied to some extent to treasury operations, meaning investment returns from our own capital, a major part of which is subscribed to our various funds, side-by-side with clients. We should clarify, however, that it is the fund management operation, not the treasury operation, that is our overriding focus. From fund management, we collect not only performance fees but also a fixed management fee, which represents a stable income source, even though clients are charged only a low fixed fee. As an indication of how established the business has become, Value Partners fixed costs were 2.2 times covered by the net management fee collection alone, not counting other revenue sources, made possible by our huge asset base, and this collection far exceeds the contribution from treasury operations.
For an in-depth discussion of this and other relevant topics, including our progress in various business-development projects, please refer to the accompanying report from our Chief Executive Officer (CEO). Worth highlighting is the progress made in Chengdu city (population: 14 million) by our 90% owned micro-finance firm, Vision Credit, which has become a full-fledged operating business making small loans under a highly professional management.
Some other points From the beginning, Value Partners success has depended very much on fund performance, and this remains our highest priority. Value Partners has put tremendous resources and thinking into making value-investing work on a large scale in Asia. In 2012, we expanded further our Investment Team and enhanced the team s sector specialization system, which ensures that we have specialists to cover every major market sector. Value Partners corporate mission, as previously stated, is to build a Temple of Value-Investing for Asia, and in 2012, our team conducted around 2,500 company visits in the region, with a major focus on the Greater China region.
Our experience teaches us that while fund performance is key, it is also very important to build a full support infrastructure. In Value Partners, we now have a complete range of support systems within the group, including legal and compliance, risk management, client services, portfolio administration, information technology, auditing and accounting, human resources and corporate communications. We consider this a major achievement, as in Hong Kong, it is usually only the big foreign institutions that possess the resources to enjoy full-fledged support systems in-house.
To report on another achievement: we just learnt that Value Partners has captured two of the latest Lipper Fund Awards (Hong Kong) 1 our Chinese Mainland Focus Fund and China Greenchip Fund were the winners in the China equity and Greater China equity categories, for their performance over five years. These add to our harvest of more than 70 performance awards and prizes that have been won through our history, with the first award (from Micropal) received in 1994, a year after inception.
Finally, a quick point about China. It was only towards the end of 2012 that we saw a tentative recovery in China-related stocks. There is a decent chance that this is the beginning of a new market cycle for China-related stockmarkets. It is sometimes forgotten that stocks in mainland China crashed in the second half of 2007, even before the global market crash of 2008. After so many years, a recovery in Chinese equities seems due, especially since the much-feared hard landing in the economy hasn t happened.
CHEAH Cheng Hye Chairman and Co-Chief Investment Officer 1 Awards based on data as of year-end 2012.
